<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_874499_0001628280-24-045496.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8590094</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142827</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1421889</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3216458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1915652</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1727840</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045496.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106104204
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GULFPORT ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000874499
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				863684669
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-19514
		FILM NUMBER:		241429606

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14313 NORTH MAY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4058488807

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14313 NORTH MAY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WRT ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN RESOURCE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045496.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 gpor-20240930.htm
 10-Q

gpor-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 
 Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 10 
 2. Property and Equipment 
 12 
 3. Long-Term Debt 
 13 
 4. Mezzanine Equity 
 15 
 5. Equity 
 16 
 6. Stock-Based Compensation 
 17 
 7. Restructuring Costs 
 20 
 8. Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 20 
 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 21 
 10. Derivative Instruments 
 24 
 11. Fair Value Measurements 
 28 
 12. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 30 
 13. Leases 
 30 
 14. Income Taxes 
 32 
 15. Related Party Transactions 
 32 
 16. Subsequent Events 
 33 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 34 
 2024 Operational and Financial Highlights 
 35 
 2024 Production and Drilling Activity 
 35 
 Comparison of Quarter-to-Date 
 37 
 Comparison of Year-to-Date 
 42 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 47 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 53 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 53 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 53 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 53 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 54 
 Signatures 
 56 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

DEFINITIONS 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references to us, we, our, ours, Gulfport, the Company and Registrant refer to Gulfport Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. All monetary values, other than per unit and per share amounts, are stated in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified. In addition, the following are other abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 1145 Indenture . Indenture dated May 17, 2021 between Gulfport Operating, UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors party thereto, under section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code for our 8.0 Senior Notes due 2026. 
 2026 Senior Notes . 8.0 Senior Notes due May 17, 2026. 
 2026 Senior Notes Indentures . Collectively, the 1145 Indenture and the 4(a)(2) Indenture governing the 2026 Senior Notes. 
 2029 Senior Notes . 6.750 Senior Notes due September 1, 2029. 
 2029 Senior Notes Indenture. Indenture dated September 13, 2024 between Gulfport Operating, UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors party thereto. 
 4(a)(2) Indenture . Certain eligible holders made an election entitling such holders to receive senior notes issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of May 17, 2021, by and among Gulfport Operating, UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors party thereto, under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act as opposed to its share of the up to 550 million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2026. The 4(a)(2) Indenture s terms are substantially similar to the terms of the 1145 Indenture. The primary differences between the terms of the 4(a)(2) Indenture and the terms of the 1145 Indenture are that (i) affiliates of the Issuer holding 4(a)(2) Notes are permitted to vote in determining whether the holders of the required principal amount of indenture securities have concurred in any direction or consent under the 4(a)(2) Indenture, while affiliates of the Issuer holding 1145 Notes will not be permitted to vote on such matters under the 1145 Indenture, (ii) the covenants of the 1145 Indenture (other than the payment covenant) require that the Issuer comply with the covenants of the 4(a)(2) Indenture, as amended, and (iii) the 1145 Indenture requires that the 1145 Securities be redeemed pro rata with the 4(a)(2) Securities and that the 1145 Indenture be satisfied and discharged if the 4(a)(2) Indenture is satisfied and discharged. 
 ASC. Accounting Standards Codification. 
 Bbl . One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used herein in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 Board of Directors (Board). The board of directors of Gulfport Energy Corporation. 
 Bps. Basis points. 
 Btu . British thermal unit, which represents the amount of energy needed to heat one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit and can be used to describe the energy content of fuels. 
 Completion . The process of treating a drilled well followed by the installation of permanent equipment for the production of natural gas, oil and NGL. 
 Credit Facility . The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and various lender parties, providing for a senior secured reserve-based revolving credit facility effective as of October 14, 2021, as amended by the Commitment Increase, Borrowing Base Reaffirmation Agreement, and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 12, 2024. 
 DD A. Depreciation, depletion and amortization. 
 Disputed Claims Reserve. Reserve used to settle any pending claims of unsecured creditors that were in dispute as of the effective date of the Plan. 
 Emergence Date . Gulfport filed for voluntary reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code on November 13, 2020, and subsequently operated as a debtor-in-possession, in accordance with applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, until its emergence on May 17, 2021. 
 GAAP. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Gross Acres or Gross Wells . Refers to the total acres or wells in which a working interest is owned. 
 Guarantors. All existing consolidated subsidiaries that guarantee the Company's Credit Facility or certain other debt. 
 Gulfport Operating. Gulfport Energy Operating Corporation. 
 Incentive Plan . Gulfport Energy Corporation Stock Incentive Plan effective on the Emergence Date. 
 LOE. Lease operating expenses. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Marcellus. Refers to the Marcellus Play that includes the hydrocarbon bearing rock formations commonly referred to as the Marcellus formation located in the Appalachian Basin of the United States and Canada. Our acreage is located primarily in Belmont County in eastern Ohio. 
 MBbl. One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids. 
 Mcf . One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Mcfe. One thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalent, with one barrel of NGL and crude oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas. 
 MMBtu. One million British thermal units. 
 MMcf. One million cubic feet of natural gas. 
 MMcfe. One million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent, with one barrel of NGL and crude oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Natural Gas Liquids (NGL). Hydrocarbons in natural gas that are separated from the gas as liquids through the process of absorption, condensation, adsorption or other methods in gas processing or cycling plants. Natural gas liquids primarily include ethane, propane, butane, isobutene, pentane, hexane and natural gasoline. 
 Net Acres or Net Wells . Refers to the sum of fractional working interests owned in gross acres or gross wells. 
 NYMEX. New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Parent. Gulfport Energy Corporation. 
 Plan . The Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Gulfport Energy Corporation and Its Debtor Subsidiaries. 
 Repurchase Program . A stock repurchase program to acquire up to 650 million of Gulfport's outstanding common stock. It is authorized to extend through December 31, 2024, and may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time. 
 RTSR. Relative total shareholder return. 
 SCOOP . Refers to the South Central Oklahoma Oil Province, a term used to describe a defined area that encompasses many of the top hydrocarbon producing counties in Oklahoma within the Anadarko basin. The SCOOP Play mainly targets the Devonian to Mississippian aged Woodford, Sycamore and Springer formations. Our acreage is primarily in Garvin, Grady and Stephens Counties. 
 SEC . The United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 SOFR . Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
 TSR. Total shareholder return. 
 Utica. Refers to the Utica Play that includes the hydrocarbon bearing rock formations commonly referred to as the Utica formation located in the Appalachian Basin of the United States and Canada. Our acreage is located primarily in Belmont, Harrison, Jefferson and Monroe Counties in eastern Ohio. 
 Working Interest (WI). The operating interest which gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on the property and a share of production. 
 WTI. Refers to West Texas Intermediate. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-Q may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, believes, estimates, projects, predicts, potential and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-Q that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future, including the expected impact of the war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East on our business, our industry and the global economy, estimated future production and net revenues from oil and gas reserves and the present value thereof, future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof), share repurchases, business strategy and measures to implement strategy, competitive strength, goals, expansion and growth of our business and operations, plans, references to future success, reference to intentions as to future matters and other such matters are forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements are largely based on our expectations and beliefs concerning future events, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. 
 Although we believe our estimates and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. In addition, management's assumptions about future events may prove to be inaccurate. Management cautions all readers that the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assure any reader that those statements will be realized or the forward-looking events and circumstances will occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements due to the factors listed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. 
 All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 
 Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 We may use the Investors section of our website (www.gulfportenergy.com) to communicate with investors. It is possible that the financial and other information posted there could be deemed to be material information. The information on our website is not part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

3 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids sales Accounts receivable joint interest and other Prepaid expenses and other current assets Short-term derivative instruments Total current assets Property and equipment: Oil and natural gas properties, full-cost method Proved oil and natural gas properties Unproved properties Other property and equipment Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depletion, depreciation, amortization and impairment ) ) Total property and equipment, net Other assets: Long-term derivative instruments Deferred tax asset Operating lease assets Other assets Total other assets Total assets Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term derivative instruments Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Long-term derivative instruments Asset retirement obligation Non-current operating lease liabilities Long-term debt Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) par value, thousand shares authorized, thousand issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and thousand issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock - par value, million shares authorized, million issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and million issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Common stock held in reserve, shares at September 30, 2024 and thousand shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost - thousand shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 REVENUES: Natural gas sales Oil and condensate sales Natural gas liquid sales Net gain on natural gas, oil and NGL derivatives Total revenues OPERATING EXPENSES: Lease operating expenses Taxes other than income Transportation, gathering, processing and compression Depreciation, depletion and amortization Impairment of oil and natural gas properties General and administrative expenses Accretion expense Total operating expenses INCOME FROM OPERATIONS OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME): Interest expense Loss on debt extinguishment Other, net ) Total other expense (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) INCOME TAX BENEFIT: Current Deferred ) ) Total income tax benefit ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Participating securities - preferred stock ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) NET (LOSS) INCOME PER COMMON SHARE: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 REVENUES: Natural gas sales Oil and condensate sales Natural gas liquid sales Net gain on natural gas, oil and NGL derivatives Total revenues OPERATING EXPENSES: Lease operating expenses Taxes other than income Transportation, gathering, processing and compression Depreciation, depletion and amortization Impairment of oil and natural gas properties General and administrative expenses Restructuring costs Accretion expense Total operating expenses INCOME FROM OPERATIONS OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME): Interest expense Loss on debt extinguishment Other, net ) Total other expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT): Current Deferred ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) NET INCOME Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Participating securities - preferred stock ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Common Stock Held in Reserve Treasury Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Stock compensation Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of share-based awards Common stock withheld for income taxes on share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Conversion of preferred stock Stock compensation Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of share-based awards Common stock withheld for income taxes on share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Conversion of preferred stock Stock compensation Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of share-based awards Common stock withheld for income taxes on share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

7 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Common Stock Common Stock Held in Reserve Treasury Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net income Conversion of preferred stock Stock compensation Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) Issuance of common stock held in reserve Issuance of common stock upon vesting of share-based awards Common stock withheld for income taxes on share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 Net loss ) ) Conversion of preferred stock Stock compensation Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of share-based awards Common stock withheld for income taxes on share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Conversion of preferred stock Stock compensation Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of share-based awards Common stock withheld for income taxes on share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depletion, depreciation and amortization Impairment of oil and natural gas properties Loss on debt extinguishment Net gain on derivative instruments ) ) Net cash receipts on settled derivative instruments Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to oil and natural gas properties ) ) Proceeds from sale of oil and natural gas properties Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments on Credit Facility ) ) Borrowings on Credit Facility Issuance of 2029 Senior Notes Early retirement of 2026 Senior Notes ) Premium paid on 2026 Senior Notes ) Debt issuance costs and loan commitment fees ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) Repurchase of common stock under Repurchase Program - related party ) ) Shares exchanged for tax withholdings ) ) Other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities 
 Accounts payable Accrued capital expenditures Accrued transportation, gathering, processing and compression Accrued contract rejection damages and shares held in reserve Other accrued liabilities Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Other, net 
 Other, net for the three and nine months ended 2024, includes approximately million related to changes in the Company's legal reserves for certain litigation and regulatory proceedings. 
 As part of its Chapter 11 Cases and restructuring efforts, the Company filed motions to reject certain firm transportation agreements between the Company and affiliates of TC Energy Corporation ("TC") and Rover Pipeline LLC ("Rover"). During the first quarter of 2023, Gulfport finalized a settlement agreement with Rover that was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on February 21, 2023. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Gulfport and Rover agreed that the firm transportation contracts between them would be rejected. As part of the settlement, Gulfport paid a million administrative claim, which is included in Other, net. Additionally, on February 24, 2023, Gulfport received an additional million interim distribution for its TC claim, which is also included in Other, net. Other, net in the second quarter of 2023 included a million recoupment of previously placed collateral for certain firm transportation commitments during the Company's Chapter 11 Cases. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: Accounts receivable - oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquid sales Accounts receivable - joint interest and other Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Prepaid expenses Other assets Total changes in operating assets and liabilities, net Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions: Capitalized stock-based compensation Asset retirement obligation capitalized Asset retirement obligation removed due to divestiture and settlements ) Release of common stock held in reserve Unamortized 2026 Senior Notes debt issuance costs 
 
 2. 
 Unproved properties Other depreciable property and equipment Land Total property and equipment Accumulated DD A and impairment ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Under the full cost method of accounting, the Company is required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. The test determines a limit, or ceiling, on the book value of the Company's oil and natural gas properties. At September 30, 2024, the net book value of the Company's oil and gas properties exceeded the calculated ceiling. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairment of its oil and natural gas properties of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment resulted from declines in the full cost ceiling, which primarily resulted from the significant decrease in the 12-month average trailing price for natural gas. The Company did not record an impairment in the first or second quarters of 2024 or during 2023. 
 
 Lower natural gas, oil and NGL prices can reduce the value of the Company s assets. In addition to commodity prices, the Company s production rates, levels of proved reserves, future development costs, transfers of unevaluated properties and other factors will determine its actual ceiling test calculation and impairment analysis in future periods. Given the decline of commodity prices through September 2024 and the current pricing outlook for the remainder of 2024, the Company may have additional ceiling test impairments of its oil and natural gas properties in subsequent quarters. Any such ceiling test impairment could be material to our net earnings; however, given the inter-relationship of the various judgements made to estimate proved reserves, it is impractical to estimate the potential changes in these estimates and their impact on the impairment. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

million and million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company evaluates the costs excluded from its amortization calculation at least annually. Individually insignificant unevaluated properties are grouped for evaluation and periodically transferred to evaluated properties over a timeframe consistent with their expected development schedule. 
 SCOOP Total unproved properties 
 Asset Retirement Obligation 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) Liabilities removed due to divestitures ) Accretion expense Total asset retirement obligation, end of period 
 
 3. 
 senior unsecured notes due 2029 
 senior unsecured notes due 2026 
 Credit Facility due 2028 Net unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt, net Less: current maturities of long-term debt Total long-term debt, net 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 In September 2024, Gulfport Operating completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due September 1, 2029. The 2029 Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and each of the Company's subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Facility. Interest on the 2029 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually, on March 1 and September 1 of each year. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

million of the 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer and repay a portion of its outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. The 2029 Senior Notes were issued under the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2024, by and among Gulfport Operating, UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee, and the Guarantors. The 2029 Senior Notes will mature on September 1, 2029. 
 The 2029 Senior Notes Indenture contains covenants limiting Gulfport Operating s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to (i) incur additional debt, (ii) make certain restricted payments, (iii) make certain investments (iv) create restrictions on distributions from restricted subsidiaries, (v) engage in specified sales of assets, (vi) enter into certain transactions among affiliates, (vii) engage in consolidations, mergers and acquisitions, (viii) create unrestricted subsidiaries (ix) incur or create liens. These covenants contain important exceptions, limitations and qualifications. At any time that the 2029 Senior Notes are rated investment grade, certain covenants will be terminated and cease to apply. 
 2026 Senior Notes 
 In May 2021, Gulfport Operating issued million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2026. The notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and each of the Company's subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Facility. Interest on the 2026 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually, on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2026 Senior Notes were issued under the 2026 Senior Notes Indentures, dated as of May 17, 2021, by and among the Issuer, UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee, and the Guarantors and mature on May 17, 2026. 
 The covenants of the 1145 Indenture (other than the payment covenant) require that the Company comply with the covenants of the 4(a)(2) Indenture, as amended. The 4(a)(2) Indenture contains covenants limiting the Issuer s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to (i) incur additional debt, (ii) make certain restricted payments, (iii) make certain investments, (iv) create restrictions on distributions from restricted subsidiaries, (v) engage in specified sales of assets, (vi) enter into certain transactions among affiliates, (vii) engage in certain lines of business, (viii) engage in consolidations, mergers and acquisitions, (ix) create unrestricted subsidiaries and (x) incur or create liens. These covenants contain important exceptions, limitations and qualifications. At any time that the 2026 Senior Notes are rated investment grade, certain covenants will be terminated and cease to apply. 
 As noted above, in September 2024, Gulfport Operating purchased and retired million of its 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer using net proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes offering. The 2026 Senior Notes were tendered at an average price equal to of the principal amount. The retirement of the 2026 Senior Notes resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of million, which included cash costs of million. 
 Credit Facility 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company entered into that certain Joinder, Commitment Increase and Borrowing Base Redetermination Agreement, and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment which amended the Company s Credit Facility. The Third Amendment, among other things, (a) increased the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility to million, (b) increased the borrowing base under the Credit Facility to billion, (c) increased the excess cash threshold under the Credit Facility to million, and (d) extended the maturity date under the Credit Facility to the earlier of (i) four years from the closing date of the Third Amendment and (ii) the 91st day prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Senior Notes or any other permitted senior notes or any permitted refinancing debt under the Credit Facility having an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or exceeding million; provided that such notes have not been refinanced, redeemed or repaid in full on or prior to such 91st day. On April 18, 2024, Gulfport completed its semi-annual borrowing base redetermination under its Credit Facility during which the borrowing base was reaffirmed at billion with elected commitments remaining at million. 
 Prior to the Fourth Amendment (as defined below), the Credit Facility bore interest at a rate equal to, at the Company s election, either (a) SOFR benchmark plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum or (b) a base rate plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum, based on borrowing base utilization. Prior to the Fourth Amendment, the Company was required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on the average daily unused portion of the current aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility. The Company was also required to pay customary letter of credit and fronting fees. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

to 1.00, and (ii) a current ratio of greater than or equal to to 1.00. 
 On September 12, 2024, the Company entered into the Commitment Increase, Borrowing Base Reaffirmation Agreement, and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ), which amended the Company s Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment, among other things, (a) increased the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility to billion, (b) reaffirmed the borrowing base under the Credit Facility at billion and (c) extended the maturity date under the Credit Facility to September 12, 2028. 
 The Credit Facility bears interest at a rate equal to, at the Company s election, either (a) SOFR benchmark plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum or (b) a base rate plus an applicable margin that varies from to per annum, based on borrowing base utilization. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee that varies from to per annum on the average daily unused portion of the current aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility. The Company is also required to pay customary letter of credit and fronting fees. 
 The Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (i) a net funded leverage ratio of less than or equal to to 1.00, and (ii) a current ratio of greater than or equal to to 1.00. 
 The obligations under the Credit Facility, certain swap obligations and certain cash management obligations, are guaranteed by the Company and the wholly-owned domestic material subsidiaries of the Borrower (collectively, the Guarantors and, together with the Borrower, the Loan Parties and secured by substantially all of the Loan Parties assets (subject to customary exceptions). 
 The Credit Facility also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, as to compliance with laws (including environmental laws and anti-corruption laws), delivery of quarterly and annual financial statements and borrowing base certificates, conduct of business, maintenance of property, maintenance of insurance, entry into certain derivatives contracts, restrictions on the incurrence of liens, indebtedness, asset dispositions, restricted payments, and other customary covenants. These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility, million in letters of credit outstanding and was in compliance with all covenants under the credit agreement. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Credit Facility bore interest at a weighted average rate of and , respectively. 
 The borrowing base is redetermined semiannually on or around May 1 and November 1 of each year beginning in 2025. 
 Capitalization of Interest 
 The Company capitalized million and million in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the outstanding debt represented by the 2026 Senior Notes and 2029 Senior Notes were million and million, respectively. Based on the quoted market prices (Level 1), the fair value of the 2026 Senior Notes and 2029 Senior Notes were determined to be million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024. 
 
 4. 
 million shares of common stock with a par value of per share and (ii) the designation of shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share and a liquidation preference of per share (the "Liquidation Preference"). 
 15 

Table of Contents 

shares of preferred stock. 
 Holders of preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative quarterly dividends at a rate of per annum of the Liquidation Preference with respect to cash dividends and per annum of the Liquidation Preference with respect to dividends paid in kind as additional shares of preferred stock PIK Dividends ). Gulfport currently has the option to pay either cash dividends or PIK Dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 Each holder of shares of preferred stock has the right (the Conversion Right ), at its option and at any time, to convert all or a portion of the shares of preferred stock that it holds into a number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Liquidation Preference times (ii) an amount equal to one (1) plus the Per Share Makewhole Amount (as defined in the Preferred Terms) on the date of conversion, by (y) per share (as may be adjusted under the Preferred Terms). The shares of preferred stock outstanding at September 30, 2024 would convert to approximately million shares of common stock if all holders of preferred stock exercised their Conversion Right. 
 Gulfport may redeem all, but not less than all, of the outstanding shares of preferred stock by notice to the holders of preferred stock, at the greater of (i) the aggregate value of the preferred stock, calculated by the Current Market Price (as defined in the Preferred Terms) of the number of shares of common stock into which, subject to redemption, such preferred stock would have been converted if such shares were converted pursuant to the Conversion Right at the time of such redemption and (ii) the Liquidation Preference (the Redemption Price ). 
 Following the Emergence Date, if there is a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Preferred Terms), Gulfport is required to redeem all, but not less than all, of the outstanding shares of preferred stock by cash payment of the Redemption Price per share of preferred stock within three ) business days of the occurrence of such Fundamental Change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a redemption pursuant to the preceding sentence, if Gulfport lacks sufficient cash to redeem all outstanding shares of preferred stock, the Company is required to redeem a pro rata portion of each holder s shares of preferred stock. 
 The preferred stock has no stated maturity and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless repurchased or redeemed by Gulfport or converted into common stock. 
 The preferred stock has been classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets due to the redemption features noted above. 
 Dividends and Conversions 
 The Company paid million and million of cash dividends to holders of our preferred stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Conversion of preferred stock ) ) Preferred stock, end of period 
 
 5. 
 million shares of common stock with a par value of per share and (ii) the designation of shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share and a Liquidation Preference of per share. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

million shares of common stock and million shares of common stock were issued to the Disputed Claims Reserve. 
 In January 2024, the remaining shares in the Disputed Claims Reserve were issued to certain claimants. There are remaining shares in the Disputed Claims Reserve subsequent to the January 2024 issuance. 
 Common Stock Offering 
 On June 26, 2023, Gulfport completed an underwritten public offering of million shares of its common stock by certain stockholders at a price to the public of per share. Gulfport did not sell any of its common stock as part of this offering and did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares sold by the selling stockholders. 
 Concurrent with the closing of the offering, Gulfport purchased shares of its common stock at per share. The repurchase was part of the Company's existing Repurchase Program discussed below. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In November 2021 the Company's Board of Directors approved the Repurchase Program to acquire up to million of common stock, which was subsequently increased to million and extended through December 31, 2024. Purchases under the Repurchase Program may be made from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, and will be subject to available liquidity, market conditions, credit agreement restrictions, applicable legal requirements, contractual obligations and other factors. The Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any specific number of shares of common stock. The Company intends to purchase shares under the Repurchase Program with available funds while maintaining sufficient liquidity to fund its capital development program. The Repurchase Program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time. 
 Second quarter 2024 Third quarter 2024 Total 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has repurchased million shares for million at a weighted average price of per share since the inception of the Repurchase Program. 
 
 6. 
 million shares of common stock. The Incentive Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and performance awards or any combination of the foregoing. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, of which the Company capitalized million and million, respectively, relating to its exploration and development efforts. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company's stock-based compensation expense was million and million, respectively, of which the Company capitalized million and million, respectively, relating to its exploration and development efforts. Stock compensation expense, net of the amounts capitalized, is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has awarded an aggregate of approximately restricted stock units and approximately performance vesting restricted stock units under the Incentive Plan. 
 The vesting for certain share-based awards was accelerated in the first three months of 2023 in conjunction with the restructuring activities described in Note 7 and is included in restructuring costs in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested shares as of March 31, 2024 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested shares as of June 30, 2024 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested shares as of September 30, 2024 _____________________ 
 (1) The table includes the impacts of performance share units granted in a prior year that vested higher than 100 of target due to the Company's TSR performance compared to peers. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) ) Unvested shares as of March 31, 2023 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) ) Unvested shares as of June 30, 2023 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) ) Unvested shares as of September 30, 2023 
 The aggregate fair value of share-based awards that vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was approximately million and million, respectively, based on the stock price at the time of vesting. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the aggregate fair value of share-based awards that vested was approximately million and million, respectively, based on the stock price at the time of vesting. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock units awarded under the Incentive Plan generally vest over a period of or years in the case of employees and or years in the case of directors upon the recipient meeting applicable service requirements. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded ratably over the service period. The grant date fair value of restricted stock units represents the closing market price of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant. Unrecognized compensation expense as of September 30, 2024, was million. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Performance Vesting Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company has awarded performance vesting restricted stock units to certain of its executive officers under the Incentive Plan. The number of shares of common stock issued pursuant to the award will be based on a combination of (i) the Company's TSR and (ii) the Company's RTSR for the performance period. Participants will earn from to of the target award based on the Company's TSR and RTSR ranking compared to the TSR of the companies in the Company's designated peer group at the end of the performance period. Awards will be earned and vested at the end of a performance period, subject to earlier termination of the performance period in the event of a change in control. The grant date fair values were determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and are being recorded ratably over the performance period. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Risk-free interest rates Implied equity volatility Stock price on the date of grant 
 Unrecognized compensation expense as of September 30, 2024, related to performance vesting restricted shares was million. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 7. 
 million in personnel-related restructuring expenses associated with changes in the organizational structure and leadership team resulting from the appointment of Gulfport's new CEO in January 2023. Of these expenses, million resulted from accelerated vesting of certain share-based grants, which are non-cash charges. 
 
 8. 
 million share-based awards that were considered anti-dilutive for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and million share-based awards that were considered dilutive for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were million share-based awards that were considered dilutive for each of the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were million potential shares of common stock issuable due to the Company's convertible preferred stock for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were million potential shares of common stock issuable due to the Company's convertible preferred stock for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Participating securities - preferred stock (1) 
 ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) Re-allocation of participating securities Diluted net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) Basic Shares Dilutive Shares Basic EPS ) Dilutive EPS ) _____________________ 
 (1) Preferred stock represents participating securities because it participates in any dividends on shares of common stock on a pari passu , pro rata basis. However, preferred stock does not participate in undistributed net losses. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net income Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Participating securities - preferred stock (1) 
 ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Re-allocation of participating securities Diluted net income attributable to common stockholders Basic Shares Dilutive Shares Basic EPS Dilutive EPS 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Preferred stock represents participating securities because it participates in any dividends on shares of common stock on a pari passu , pro rata basis. However, preferred stock does not participate in undistributed net losses. 
 
 9. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Future Firm Sales Commitments 
 The Company has entered into various firm sales contracts to deliver and sell natural gas. The Company expects to fulfill its delivery commitments primarily with production from proved developed reserves. The Company's operated production has generally been sufficient to satisfy its delivery commitments during the periods presented, and it expects its operated production will continue to be the primary means of fulfilling its future commitments. However, where the Company's operated production is not sufficient to satisfy its delivery commitments, it can and may use spot market purchases to satisfy the commitments. 
 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Other Operational Commitments 
 The Company entered into various contractual commitments to purchase inventory and other material to be used in future activities. The Company's commitment to purchase these materials spans 2024, with approximately million remaining. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

. The Company also received a Demand for Stipulated Penalties for Certain Instances of Alleged Non-Compliance with Consent Decree Requirements from the United States Department of Justice ("USDOJ") on September 5, 2024. The Company paid a penalty to resolve the USDOJ demand for stipulated penalties. 
 In November 2020, Robert T. Stephenson and Sandra J. Bass, as the Successor Co-Trustees of the Robert L. Stephenson Living Trust, dated January 28, 2004, and express trust; and Norma E. Stephenson, Trustee of the Norma E. Stephenson Living Trust, dated July 29, 1991, and express trust filed an action against the Company in the District Court of Grady County in the State of Oklahoma. In June 2021 the case was removed to the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. The parties have engaged in discovery and a trial has been set for Summer 2025. The complaint alleges that the Company has failed to comply with a Letter Agreement from April 1979 granting an overriding royalty interest covering 16 sections (approximately acres). The plaintiffs seek quiet title, declaratory judgment, breach of contract, specific performance, and damages under the Oklahoma Production Revenue Standards Act. Given the nature of this matter, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the total possible loss or ranges of loss. The Company believes it has strong defenses to these claims and intends to vigorously defend this matter; however, an adverse decision could have a material effect on the Company, its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Business Operations 
 The Company is involved in various lawsuits and disputes incidental to its business operations, including commercial disputes, personal injury claims, royalty claims, property damage claims and contract actions. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

10. 
 to of its forecasted current year annual production by the end of the first quarter of each fiscal year. The Company typically enters into commodity derivative contracts for the next to months. Gulfport does not enter into commodity derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 
 The Company does not currently have any commodity derivative transactions that have margin requirements or collateral provisions that would require payments prior to the scheduled settlement dates. The Company's commodity derivative contract counterparties are typically financial institutions and energy trading firms with investment-grade credit ratings. Gulfport routinely monitors and manages its exposure to counterparty risk by requiring specific minimum credit standards for all counterparties, actively monitoring counterparties' public credit ratings and avoiding the concentration of credit exposure by transacting with multiple counterparties. The Company has master netting agreements with some counterparties that allow the offsetting of receivables and payables in a default situation. As of September 30, 2024, our commodity derivative contracts were spread among counterparties. 
 Fixed price swaps require that the Company receive a fixed price and pay a floating market price to the counterparty for the hedged commodity. They are settled monthly based on differences between the fixed price specified in the contract and the referenced settlement price. When the referenced settlement price is less than the price specified in the contract, the Company receives an amount from the counterparty based on the price difference multiplied by the volume. Similarly, when the referenced settlement price exceeds the price specified in the contract, the Company pays the counterparty an amount based on the price difference multiplied by the volume. 
 24 

2025 NYMEX Henry Hub 2026 NYMEX Henry Hub Oil (Bbl/d) /Bbl) Remaining 2024 NYMEX WTI 2025 NYMEX WTI NGL (Bbl/d) /Bbl) Remaining 2024 Mont Belvieu C3 2025 Mont Belvieu C3 
 Each two-way costless collar has a set floor and ceiling price for the hedged production. They are settled monthly based on differences between the floor and ceiling prices specified in the contract and the referenced settlement price. If the applicable monthly price indices are outside of the ranges set by the floor and ceiling prices in the collar contracts, the Company will cash-settle the difference with the hedge counterparty. When the referenced settlement price is less than the floor price in the contract, the Company receives an amount from the counterparty based on the price difference multiplied by the hedged contract volume. Similarly, when the referenced settlement price exceeds the ceiling price specified in the contract, the Company pays the counterparty an amount based on the price difference multiplied by the hedged contract volume. No payment is due from either party if the referenced settlement price is within the range set by the floor and ceiling prices. 
 2025 NYMEX Henry Hub 2026 NYMEX Henry Hub Oil (Bbl/d) /Bbl) /Bbl) Remaining 2024 NYMEX WTI 
 25 

2025 NYMEX Henry Hub 
 In addition, the Company has entered into natural gas basis swap positions. These instruments are arrangements that guarantee a fixed price differential to NYMEX Henry Hub from a specified delivery point. The Company receives the fixed price differential and pays the floating market price differential to the counterparty for the hedged commodity. 
 ) Remaining 2024 NGPL TXOK NYMEX Plus Fixed Spread ) Remaining 2024 TETCO M2 NYMEX Plus Fixed Spread ) 2025 Rex Zone 3 NYMEX Plus Fixed Spread ) 2025 NGPL TXOK NYMEX Plus Fixed Spread ) 2025 TETCO M2 NYMEX Plus Fixed Spread ) 2026 TETCO M2 NYMEX Plus Fixed Spread ) 
 Balance Sheet Presentation 
 The Company reports the fair value of derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as derivative instruments under current assets, noncurrent assets, current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities on a gross basis. The Company determines the current and noncurrent classification based on the timing of expected future cash flows of individual trades. 
 Long-term derivative asset Short-term derivative liability ) ) Long-term derivative liability ) ) Total commodity derivative position 
 26 

Natural gas derivatives - settlement gains Total gains on natural gas derivatives Oil derivatives - fair value gains (losses) ) Oil derivatives - settlement gains (losses) ) Total gains (losses) on oil and condensate derivatives ) NGL derivatives - fair value gains (losses) ) NGL derivatives - settlement (losses) gains ) Total gains (losses) on NGL derivatives ) Total gains on natural gas, oil and NGL derivatives 
 Net gain (loss) on derivative instruments Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas derivatives - fair value (losses) gains ) Natural gas derivatives - settlement gains Total gains on natural gas derivatives Oil derivatives - fair value gains (losses) ) Oil derivatives - settlement losses ) ) Total gains (losses) on oil and condensate derivatives ) NGL derivatives - fair value losses ) ) NGL derivatives - settlement (losses) gains ) Total (losses) gains on NGL derivatives ) Total gains on natural gas, oil and NGL derivatives 
 27 

) Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Gross Assets (Liabilities) Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Subject to Master Netting Agreements Net Amount Derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 By using derivative instruments that are not traded on an exchange, the Company is exposed to the credit risk of its counterparties. Credit risk is the risk of loss from counterparties not performing under the terms of the derivative instrument. When the fair value of a derivative instrument is positive, the counterparty is expected to owe the Company, which creates credit risk. To minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments, it is the Company s policy to enter into derivative contracts only with counterparties that are creditworthy financial institutions deemed by management as competent and competitive market makers. The Company s derivative contracts are spread between multiple counterparties to lessen its exposure to any individual counterparty. Additionally, the Company uses master netting agreements to minimize credit risk exposure. The creditworthiness of the Company s counterparties is subject to periodic review. None of the Company s derivative instrument contracts contain credit-risk related contingent features. Other than as provided by the Company s revolving credit facility, the Company is not required to provide credit support or collateral to any of its counterparties under its derivative instruments, nor are the counterparties required to provide credit support to the Company. 
 
 11. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Contingent consideration arrangement Total assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Derivative instruments Contingent consideration arrangement Total assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments 
 The Company estimates the fair value of all derivative instruments using industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, implied volatility, time value, nonperformance risk, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument and can be supported by observable data. 
 The Company's SCOOP water infrastructure sale, which closed in the first quarter of 2020, included a contingent consideration arrangement. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the contingent consideration was million, of which million is included in prepaid expenses and other assets and million is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the contingent consideration arrangement is calculated using discounted cash flow techniques and is based on internal estimates of the Company's future development program and water production levels. Given the unobservable nature of the inputs, the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration arrangement is deemed to use Level 3 inputs. The Company records changes in fair value in earnings. The Company recognized an gain for each the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 with respect to this contingent consideration arrangement. The Company did recognize a gain or loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and recognized a loss of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, with respect to this contingent consideration arrangement. These fair value changes are included in other expense (income) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Non-financial assets and liabilities 
 The initial measurement of asset retirement obligations at fair value is calculated using discounted cash flow techniques and based on internal estimates of future retirement costs associated with oil and gas properties. Given the unobservable nature of the inputs, including plugging costs and reserve lives, the initial measurement of the asset retirement obligation liability is deemed to use Level 3 inputs. See Note 2 for further discussion of the Company s asset retirement obligations. 
 Fair value of other financial instruments 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are reported in accounts receivable - oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids sales in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company currently has no assets or liabilities related to its revenue contracts, including no upfront or rights to deficiency payments. 
 Prior-Period Performance Obligations 
 The Company records revenue in the month production is delivered to the purchaser. . The differences between the estimates and the actual amounts for product sales is recorded in the month that payment is received from the purchaser. For each of the periods presented, revenue recognized in the reporting periods related to performance obligations satisfied in prior reporting periods was not material. 
 
 13. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 active long-term drilling rig contract. 
 The Company rents office space for its corporate headquarters, field locations and certain other equipment from third parties, which expire at various dates through 2026. These agreements are typically structured with non-cancelable terms of to . The Company has determined these agreements represent operating leases with a lease term that equals the primary non-cancelable contract term. The Company has included any renewal options that it has determined are reasonably certain of exercise in the determination of the lease terms. 
 Discount Rate 
 As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate reflects the estimated rate of interest that it would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost (1) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost (1) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The majority of the Company's total lease cost was capitalized to the full cost pool, and the remainder was included in either lease operating expenses or general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 years. The weighted-average discount rate used to determine the operating lease liability as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 and ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The higher effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily related to the valuation allowance the Company released during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 At each reporting period, the Company weighs all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, including net operating losses, is recognized when it is more likely than not that some or all of the benefit from the deferred tax assets will not be realized. To assess that likelihood, the Company uses estimates and judgment regarding future taxable income and considers the tax laws in the jurisdiction where such taxable income is generated, to determine whether a valuation allowance is required. Such evidence can include current financial position, results of operations, both actual and forecasted, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies as well as the current and forecasted business economics of the oil and gas industry. Based upon the Company s analysis, the Company currently believes that it is more likely than not that a portion of the Company's federal and state deferred tax assets will be utilized. The Company has an million valuation allowance associated with its federal and state deferred tax assets. 
 The Company will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence on a quarterly basis in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to the deferred tax assets. Changes in positive and negative evidence, including differences between estimated and actual results, could result in changes in the valuation of the deferred tax assets that could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Changes in existing tax laws could also affect actual tax results and the realization of deferred tax assets over time. 
 
 15. 
 shares of its common stock from Silver Point Capital, L.P. for approximately million. The repurchase is part of the Company's existing share Repurchase Program. Upon closing of the transaction on March 19, 2024, the repurchased common stock was canceled. 
 On September 19, 2024, the Company purchased shares of its common stock from Silver Point Capital, L.P. for approximately million. The repurchase is part of the Company's existing share Repurchase Program. Upon closing of the transaction on September 25, 2024, the repurchased common stock was canceled. 
 shares of its common stock from Silver Point Capital, L.P. for approximately million. The repurchase is part of the Company's existing share Repurchase Program. Upon closing of the transaction on June 26, 2023, the repurchased common stock was canceled. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 ) 2025 
 Basis Swaps 
 TGP 500 
 2025 
 Basis Swaps 
 Transco Station 85 
 2026 
 Basis Swaps 
 Rex Zone 3 
 ) 2026 
 Basis Swaps 
 TGP 500 
 2026 
 Basis Swaps 
 Transco Station 85 
 2026 
 Basis Swaps 
 TETCO M2 
 ) 
 Expanded Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 million to billion and extended the authorization through December 31, 2025. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Introduction 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to provide the reader of the financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect the Company's operating results. MD A should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related Notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The following information updates the discussion of Gulfport s financial condition provided in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K and analyzes the changes in the results of operations between the periods of July 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, July 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 and January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023. For definitions of commonly used natural gas and oil terms found in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, please refer to the Definitions provided in this report. 
 
 Overview 
 Gulfport is an independent natural gas-weighted exploration and production company with assets primarily located in the Appalachia and Anadarko basins. Our principal properties are located in eastern Ohio targeting the Utica and Marcellus and in central Oklahoma targeting the SCOOP Woodford and Springer formations. Our strategy is to develop our assets in a safe, environmentally responsible manner, while generating sustainable cash flow, improving margins and operating efficiencies and returning capital to shareholders. To accomplish these goals, we allocate capital to projects we believe offer the highest rate of return and we deploy leading drilling and completion techniques and technologies in our development efforts. 
 Recent Developments 
 Long-Term Debt and Credit Facility 
 In September 2024, Gulfport Operating purchased approximately 95 , or 524.3 million of the 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer using the net proceeds received from the issuance of the 2029 Senior Notes. The net impact of these transactions resulted in the Company extending the maturity of substantially all of the senior notes from 2026 to 2029. 
 Additionally, on September 12, 2024, the Company entered into the Commitment Increase, Borrowing Base Reaffirmation Agreement, and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ), which amended the Company s Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment, among other things, (a) increased the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility to 1.0 billion, (b) reaffirmed the borrowing base under the Credit Facility at 1.1 billion, (c) extended the maturity date under the Credit Facility to September 12, 2028, and (d) reduced the pricing grid 50 bps. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 341,132 shares for 49.9 million at a weighted average price of 146.17 per share. As of September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 5.1 million shares for 504.0 million at a weighted average price of 99.25 per share since the inception of the Repurchase Program. 
 Impact of the War in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East 
 The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the sanctions imposed in response to the crisis have increased volatility in the global financial markets and are expected to have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global energy markets and the amplification of inflation and supply chain constraints. Other armed conflicts, including the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, may result in further disruptions in the global economic environment. The ultimate impact of the war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East will depend on future developments and the timing and extent to which normal economic and operating conditions resume. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Operational and Financial Highlights 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we had the following notable achievements: 
 Reported total net production of 1,057.2 MMcfe per day. 
 Turned to sales 10 gross (9.0 net) operated wells. 
 Generated 189.7 million of operating cash flows. 
 Repurchased 341,132 shares for 49.9 million at a weighted average price of 146.17 per share. 
 Exited the quarter with total liquidity of 909.4 million. 
 Extended the maturity of substantially all long-term Senior Notes from 2026 to 2029. 
 Extended the maturity of the Credit Facility to 2028. 
 
 2024 Production and Drilling Activity 
 Production Volumes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas (Mcf/day) Utica Marcellus 822,015 795,191 SCOOP 144,507 176,161 Total 966,522 971,352 Oil and condensate (Bbl/day) Utica Marcellus 3,105 528 SCOOP 1,513 2,667 Total 4,618 3,195 NGL (Bbl/day) Utica Marcellus 3,491 2,271 SCOOP 6,998 8,790 Total 10,489 11,061 Combined (Mcfe/day) Utica Marcellus 861,592 811,985 SCOOP 195,572 244,902 Total 1,057,164 1,056,887 Totals may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
 Our total net production averaged approximately 1,057.2 MMcfe per day during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1,056.9 MMcfe per day during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Production per day remained consistent largely as a result of our 2023 and 2024 development programs. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas (Mcf/day) Utica Marcellus 816,788 755,372 SCOOP 154,054 198,616 Total 970,842 953,989 Oil and condensate (Bbl/day) Utica Marcellus 1,815 558 SCOOP 1,754 3,256 Total 3,569 3,813 NGL (Bbl/day) Utica Marcellus 2,610 2,466 SCOOP 7,629 9,921 Total 10,239 12,387 Combined (Mcfe/day) Utica Marcellus 843,339 773,512 SCOOP 210,348 277,676 Total 1,053,687 1,051,188 Totals may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
 Our total net production averaged approximately 1,053.7 MMcfe per day during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1,051.2 MMcfe per day during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Production per day remained consistent largely as a result of our 2023 and 2024 development programs. 
 Utica/Marcellus . We spud three gross (3.0 net) operated wells targeting the Utica formation during the three months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, we commenced sales on seven gross (6.6 net) operated Utica wells. 
 As of October 28, 2024, we had one operated drilling rig running in Ohio drilling the Utica formation. 
 SCOOP . We did not spud any operated wells in the SCOOP during the three months ended September 30, 2024. We commenced sales on three gross (2.4 net) operated wells. 
 As of October 28, 2024, we had one operated drilling rig running in the SCOOP. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Comparison of the Three Month Periods Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Natural Gas, Oil and Condensate and NGL Production and Pricing (sales totals in thousands) 
 The following table summarizes our natural gas, oil and condensate and NGL production and related pricing for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Some totals below may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas sales Natural gas production volumes (MMcf) 88,920 89,364 Natural gas production volumes (MMcf) per day 967 971 Total sales 159,862 177,401 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Mcf) 1.80 1.99 Impact from settled derivatives /Mcf) 0.95 0.54 Average price, including settled derivatives /Mcf) 2.75 2.53 Oil and condensate sales Oil and condensate production volumes (MBbl) 425 294 Oil and condensate production volumes (MBbl) per day 5 3 Total sales 29,467 22,896 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Bbl) 69.35 77.90 Impact from settled derivatives /Bbl) 0.22 (7.25) Average price, including settled derivatives /Bbl) 69.57 70.65 NGL sales NGL production volumes (MBbl) 965 1,018 NGL production volumes (MBbl) per day 10 11 Total sales 26,617 26,953 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Bbl) 27.58 26.49 Impact from settled derivatives /Bbl) (0.16) 2.62 Average price, including settled derivatives /Bbl) 27.42 29.11 Natural gas, oil and condensate and NGL sales Natural gas equivalents (MMcfe) 97,259 97,234 Natural gas equivalents (MMcfe) per day 1,057 1,057 Total sales 215,946 227,250 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Mcfe) 2.22 2.34 Impact from settled derivatives /Mcfe) 0.87 0.50 Average price, including settled derivatives /Mcfe) 3.09 2.84 Production Costs: Average lease operating expenses /Mcfe) 0.19 0.16 Average taxes other than income /Mcfe) 0.07 0.07 Average transportation, gathering, processing and compression /Mcfe) 0.92 0.89 Total lease operating expenses, taxes other than income and midstream costs /Mcfe) 1.18 1.12 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas, Oil and Condensate and NGL Sales (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Natural gas 159,862 177,401 (10) Oil and condensate 29,467 22,896 29 NGL 26,617 26,953 (1) Natural gas, oil and condensate and NGL sales 215,946 227,250 (5) 
 The decrease in natural gas sales without the impact of derivatives when comparing the three months ended September 30, 2024, to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was due to a 10 decrease in realized prices. The realized price change was primarily driven by the decrease in the average Henry Hub gas index from 2.55 per Mcf in the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 2.16 per Mcf during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in oil and condensate sales without the impact of derivatives when comparing the three months ended September 30, 2024, to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was due to a 45 increase in sales volumes, partially offset by a 11 decrease in realized prices. The 45 increase in oil and condensate production was primarily due to commencement of sales on new wells targeting the Utica liquids window, partially offset by lower SCOOP production as a result of limited 2023 development activity. The realized price change was primarily driven by the decrease in the average WTI crude index from 82.26 per barrel in the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 75.09 per barrel during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The decrease in NGL sales without the impact of derivatives when comparing the three months ended September 30, 2024, to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was due to a 5 decrease in NGL sales volumes, partially offset by a 4 increase in realized prices. The 5 decrease in NGL production was primarily due to natural declines and limited 2023 development activity in the SCOOP. The realized price change was primarily driven by the increase in the average Mont Belvieu NGL index from 28.27 per barrel in the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 30.22 per barrel during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Natural Gas, Oil and NGL Derivatives (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas derivatives - fair value (losses) gains (57,168) 4,534 Natural gas derivatives - settlement gains 84,943 48,522 Total gains on natural gas derivatives 27,775 53,056 Oil derivatives - fair value gains (losses) 6,698 (8,414) Oil derivatives - settlement gains (losses) 93 (2,130) Total gains (losses) on oil and condensate derivatives 6,791 (10,544) NGL derivatives - fair value gains (losses) 3,559 (5,763) NGL derivatives - settlement (losses) gains (159) 2,668 Total gains (losses) on NGL derivatives 3,400 (3,095) Total gains on natural gas, oil and NGL derivatives 37,966 39,417 
 We recognize fair value changes on our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative instruments in each reporting period. The changes in fair value resulted from new positions and settlements that occurred during each period, as well as the relationship between contract prices and the associated forward curves. The change in the total gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily the result of changes in futures pricing for oil, natural gas, and NGLs during each period. See Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements for hedged volumes and pricing. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Operating Expenses (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Lease operating expenses Utica Marcellus 13,080 10,343 26 SCOOP 5,138 5,284 (3) Total lease operating expenses 18,218 15,627 17 Lease operating expenses per Mcfe Utica Marcellus 0.17 0.14 21 SCOOP 0.29 0.23 26 Total lease operating expenses per Mcfe 0.19 0.16 17 
 The increase in our total and per unit LOE for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily the result of an increase in water disposal activities in the Utica/Marcellus and an increase in repairs, maintenance and compression activities in the SCOOP. 
 Taxes Other Than Income (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Production taxes 4,528 5,897 (23) Property taxes 1,797 1,163 55 Other 508 156 226 Total taxes other than income 6,833 7,216 (5) Total taxes other than income per Mcfe 0.07 0.07 
 The decrease in total taxes other than income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily related to a decrease in production taxes resulting from the decrease in our natural gas, oil and NGL revenues excluding the impact of hedges discussed above. 
 Transportation, Gathering, Processing and Compression (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Transportation, gathering, processing and compression 89,900 86,602 4 Transportation, gathering, processing and compression per Mcfe 0.92 0.89 4 
 Transportation, gathering, processing and compression for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, increased primarily as a result of the increase in our production as noted above. 
 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Depreciation, depletion and amortization of oil and gas properties 82,368 79,166 4 Depreciation, depletion and amortization of other property and equipment 457 339 35 Total depreciation, depletion and amortization 82,825 79,505 4 Depreciation, depletion and amortization per Mcfe 0.85 0.82 4 
 The total and per unit depreciation, depletion and amortization of our oil and gas properties for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, increased 4 primarily as a result of our drilling and development activities during 2023 and 2024. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties 
 At September 30, 2024, the net book value of our oil and gas properties exceeded the calculated ceiling. As a result, we recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairment of 30.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment resulted from declines in the full cost ceiling, which primarily resulted from the significant decrease in the 12-month average trailing price for natural gas. We did not record an impairment during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change General and administrative expenses, gross 20,694 18,983 9 Reimbursed from third parties (3,720) (3,431) 8 Capitalized general and administrative expenses (6,495) (5,658) 15 General and administrative expenses, net 10,479 9,894 6 General and administrative expenses, net per Mcfe 0.11 0.10 6 
 The increase in total and per unit general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by increases in employee compensation. 
 Interest Expense (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Interest on 2026 Senior Notes 9,014 11,000 (18) Interest on 2029 Senior Notes 2,194 100 Interest expense on Credit Facility 4,423 4,088 8 Amortization of loan costs 1,016 927 10 Capitalized interest (1,230) (1,115) 10 Other 449 19 2263 Total interest expense 15,866 14,919 6 Interest expense per Mcfe 0.16 0.15 6 
 Due to the tender of the 2026 Senior Notes, interest paid on the 2026 Senior Notes decreased 18 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months September 30, 2023. The Company also paid 2.2 million of interest on the 2029 Senior Notes for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Interest expense on our Credit Facility increased 8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of a higher average balance outstanding. Amortization of loan costs increased 10 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of the Third and Fourth Amendments to the Credit Facility which increased the elected commitments and borrowing base. The Company also capitalized 1.2 million and 1.1 million in interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 In September 2024, Gulfport Operating purchased and retired 524.3 million of the 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer using net proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes offering. The 2026 Senior Notes were tendered at an average price equal to 102.3 of the principal amount. The retirement of the 2026 Senior Notes resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of 13.4 million, which included cash costs of 12.9 million. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Other, net (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Other, net 3,133 (1,438) (318) 
 Other, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, included approximately 3.0 million related to changes in the Company s legal reserves for certain litigation and regulatory proceedings. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recorded income tax benefit of 3.8 million and 554.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 14 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our income tax benefit. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Month Periods Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Natural Gas, Oil and Condensate and NGL Production and Pricing (sales totals in thousands) 
 The following table summarizes our natural gas, oil and condensate, and NGL production and related pricing for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Some totals below may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas sales Natural gas production volumes (MMcf) 266,011 260,439 Natural gas production volumes (MMcf) per day 971 954 Total sales 492,606 619,181 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Mcf) 1.85 2.38 Impact from settled derivatives /Mcf) 0.91 0.37 Average price, including settled derivatives /Mcf) 2.76 2.75 Oil and condensate sales Oil and condensate production volumes (MBbl) 978 1,041 Oil and condensate production volumes (MBbl) per day 4 4 Total sales 70,295 76,212 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Bbl) 71.89 73.21 Impact from settled derivatives /Bbl) (0.17) (2.29) Average price, including settled derivatives /Bbl) 71.72 70.92 NGL sales NGL production volumes (MBbl) 2,805 3,382 NGL production volumes (MBbl) per day 10 12 Total sales 80,870 92,935 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Bbl) 28.83 27.48 Impact from settled derivatives /Bbl) (0.55) 1.88 Average price, including settled derivatives /Bbl) 28.28 29.36 Natural gas, oil and condensate and NGL sales Natural gas equivalents (MMcfe) 288,710 286,974 Natural gas equivalents (MMcfe) per day 1,054 1,051 Total sales 643,771 788,328 Average price without the impact of derivatives /Mcfe) 2.23 2.75 Impact from settled derivatives /Mcfe) 0.83 0.35 Average price, including settled derivatives /Mcfe) 3.06 3.10 Production Costs: Average lease operating expenses /Mcfe) 0.18 0.18 Average taxes other than income /Mcfe) 0.08 0.09 Average transportation, gathering, processing and compression /Mcfe) 0.91 0.91 Total lease operating expenses, taxes other than income and midstream costs /Mcfe) 1.16 1.18 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas, Oil and Condensate and NGL Sales (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Natural gas 492,606 619,181 (20) Oil and condensate 70,295 76,212 (8) NGL 80,870 92,935 (13) Natural gas, oil and condensate and NGL sales 643,771 788,328 (18) 
 The decrease in natural gas sales without the impact of derivatives when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to a 22 decrease in realized prices, partially offset by a 2 increase in sales volumes. The realized price change was primarily driven by the decrease in the average Henry Hub gas index from 2.69 per Mcf in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 2.10 per Mcf in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The 2 increase in natural gas production was primarily due to our 2023 and 2024 development programs in the Utica/Marcellus, partially offset by natural declines and limited activity in the SCOOP. 
 The decrease in oil and condensate sales without the impact of derivatives when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was due to a 6 decrease in sales volumes and a 2 decrease in realized prices. The 6 decrease in oil and condensate production was primarily due to natural declines in the SCOOP, partially offset by commencement of sales on new wells targeting the Utica liquids window. 
 The decrease in NGL sales without the impact of derivatives when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was due to a 17 decrease in NGL sales volumes, partially offset by a 5 increase in realized prices. The 17 decrease in NGL production was primarily due to natural declines and limited 2023 development in the SCOOP. The realized price change was driven by the increase in the average Mont Belvieu NGL index from 29.83 per barrel in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 32.13 per barrel in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Natural Gas, Oil and NGL Derivatives (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Natural gas derivatives - fair value (losses) gains (168,516) 416,473 Natural gas derivatives - settlement gains 242,645 97,794 Total gains on natural gas derivatives 74,129 514,267 Oil derivatives - fair value gains (losses) 4,832 (1,424) Oil derivatives - settlement losses (166) (2,204) Total gains (losses) on oil and condensate derivatives 4,666 (3,628) NGL derivatives - fair value losses (2,771) (2,730) NGL derivatives - settlement (losses) gains (1,537) 6,357 Total (losses) gains on NGL derivatives (4,308) 3,627 Total gains on natural gas, oil and NGL derivatives 74,487 514,266 
 We recognize fair value changes on our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative instruments in each reporting period. The changes in fair value resulted from new positions and settlements that occurred during each period, as well as the relationship between contract prices and the associated forward curves. The significant change in the total gain (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily the result of changes in futures pricing for oil, natural gas, and NGLs during each period. See Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements for hedged volumes and pricing. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Operating Expenses (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Lease operating expenses Utica Marcellus 34,560 33,354 4 SCOOP 16,283 18,290 (11) Total lease operating expenses 50,843 51,644 (2) Lease operating expenses per Mcfe Utica Marcellus 0.15 0.16 (6) SCOOP 0.28 0.24 17 Total lease operating expenses per Mcfe 0.18 0.18 (2) 
 The decrease in our total and per unit LOE for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily the result of a decrease in water disposal activities, surface rental and labor expenses throughout our SCOOP operations and non-operated expenses in Utica/Marcellus. 
 Taxes Other Than Income (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Production taxes 14,236 19,616 (27) Property taxes 6,326 4,802 32 Other 1,549 1,431 8 Total taxes other than income 22,111 25,849 (14) Total taxes other than income per Mcfe 0.08 0.09 (15) 
 The decrease in total and per unit taxes other than income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily related to a decrease in production taxes resulting from the decrease in our natural gas, oil and NGL revenues excluding the impact of hedges discussed above. 
 Transportation, Gathering, Processing and Compression (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Transportation, gathering, processing and compression 263,048 259,883 1 Transportation, gathering, processing and compression per Mcfe 0.91 0.91 1 
 Transportation, gathering, processing and compression for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased in total and on a per unit basis primarily as a result of the increase in our production as noted above. 
 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Depreciation, depletion and amortization of oil and gas properties 240,279 237,874 1 Depreciation, depletion and amortization of other property and equipment 1,122 873 29 Total depreciation, depletion and amortization 241,401 238,747 1 Depreciation, depletion and amortization per Mcfe 0.84 0.83 1 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization of our oil and gas properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, increased 1 primarily as a result of our drilling and development activities during 2023 and 2024. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Oil and Natural Gas Properties 
 At September 30, 2024, the net book value of our oil and gas properties exceeded the calculated ceiling. As a result, we recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairment of 30.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The impairment resulted from declines in the full cost ceiling, which primarily resulted from the significant decrease in the 12-month average trailing price for natural gas. We did not record an impairment in the first or second quarters of 2024 or during 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change General and administrative expenses, gross 59,921 53,814 11 Reimbursed from third parties (10,962) (10,390) 6 Capitalized general and administrative expenses (18,530) (16,186) 14 General and administrative expenses, net 30,429 27,238 12 General and administrative expenses, net per Mcfe 0.11 0.09 11 
 The increase in total and per unit general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by increases in employee compensation. 
 Restructuring costs 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Gulfport recognized 4.8 million in personnel-related restructuring expenses associated with changes in the organizational structure and leadership team resulting from the appointment of Gulfport's new CEO in January 2023. Of these expenses, 1.3 million resulted from accelerated vesting of share-based grants, which are non-cash charges. The organizational changes were completed in the second quarter of 2023 and there are no remaining employee termination liabilities associated with these changes. 
 Interest Expense (in thousands, except per unit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Interest on 2026 Senior Notes 31,014 33,000 (6) Interest on 2029 Senior Notes 2,194 100 Interest expense on Credit Facility 12,001 9,921 21 Amortization of loan costs 2,910 2,323 25 Capitalized interest (3,603) (2,954) 22 Other 1,511 112 1249 Total interest expense 46,027 42,402 9 Interest expense per Mcfe 0.16 0.15 8 
 Due to the tender of the 2026 Senior Notes, interest paid on the 2026 Senior Notes decreased 6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months September 30, 2023. The Company also paid 2.2 million of interest on the 2029 Senior Notes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Interest expense on our Credit Facility increased 21 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of a higher average balance outstanding. Amortization of loan costs increased 25 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of the Third and Fourth Amendments to the Credit Facility which increased the elected commitments and borrowing base. The Company also capitalized 3.6 million and 3.0 million in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 In September 2024, Gulfport Operating purchased and retired 524.3 million of the 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer using net proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes offering. The 2026 Senior Notes were tendered at an average price equal to 102.3 of the principal amount. The retirement of the 2026 Senior Notes resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of 13.4 million, which included cash costs of 12.9 million. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Other, net (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change Other, net 3,530 (20,492) (117) 
 Other, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included approximately 3.0 million related to changes in the Company s legal reserves for certain litigation and regulatory proceedings. 
 As part of its Chapter 11 Cases and restructuring efforts, the Company filed motions to reject certain firm transportation agreements between the Company and affiliates of TC Energy Corporation TC and Rover Pipeline LLC Rover ). During the first quarter of 2023, Gulfport finalized a settlement agreement with Rover that was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on February 21, 2023. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Gulfport and Rover agreed that the firm transportation contracts between them would be rejected. As part of the settlement, Gulfport paid a 1.0 million administrative claim, which is included in Other, net. Additionally, on February 24, 2023, Gulfport received an additional 17.8 million interim distribution for its TC claim, which is also included in Other, net. Other, net in the second quarter of 2023 included a 5.0 million recoupment of previously placed collateral for certain firm transportation commitments during our Chapter 11 Cases. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recorded income tax expense of 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an income tax benefit of 554.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 14 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our income tax expense. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview . We strive to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure financial flexibility, withstand commodity price volatility, fund our development projects, operations and capital expenditures and return capital to shareholders. We utilize derivative contracts to reduce the financial impact of commodity price volatility and provide a level of certainty to the Company s cash flows. We generally fund our operations, planned capital expenditures and any share repurchases with cash flow from our operating activities, cash on hand, and borrowings under our Credit Facility. Additionally, we may access debt and equity markets and sell properties to enhance our liquidity. There is no guarantee that the debt or equity capital markets will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our primary sources of capital resources and liquidity have consisted of internally generated cash flows from operations, and our primary uses of cash have been for development of our oil and natural gas properties, share repurchases and dividend payments on our preferred stock. 
 We believe our annual free cash flow generation, borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility and cash on hand will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, capital expenditures, interest expense and share repurchases during the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 To the extent actual operating results, realized commodity prices or uses of cash differ from our assumptions, our liquidity could be adversely affected. See Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations, including the principal and carrying amounts of our senior notes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 3.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, 30.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility, 63.8 million of letters of credit outstanding, 25.7 million of outstanding 2026 Senior Notes, and 650.0 million of outstanding 2029 Senior Notes. Our total principal amount of funded debt as of September 30, 2024 was 705.7 million. 
 As of October 28, 2024 we had 3.3 million of cash and cash equivalents, 10.0 million in borrowings under our Credit Facility, 63.8 million of letters of credit outstanding, 25.7 million of outstanding 2026 Senior Notes, and 650.0 million of outstanding 2029 Senior Notes. 
 Debt. In May 2021, we issued our 2026 Senior Notes. The 2026 Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Company s subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Facility. In September 2024, Gulfport Operating purchased approximately 95 , or 524.3 million, of the 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer using net proceeds received from the private placement of the 2029 Senior Notes. This results in extending the maturity of substantially all of our senior notes from 2026 to 2029. 
 Additionally, on May 1, 2023, the Company entered into that certain Joinder, Commitment Increase and Borrowing Base Redetermination Agreement, and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment which amended the Company s Credit Facility. The Third Amendment, among other things, (a) increased the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility to 900 million, (b) increased the borrowing base under the Credit Facility to 1.1 billion, (c) increased the excess cash threshold under the Credit Facility to 75 million, and (d) extended the maturity date under the Credit Facility from October 14, 2025 to the earlier of (i) May 1, 2027 and (ii) the 91st day prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Senior Notes or any other permitted senior notes or any permitted refinancing debt under the Credit Facility having an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or exceeding 100 million; provided that such notes have not been refinanced, redeemed or repaid in full on or prior to such 91st day. On April 18, 2024, Gulfport completed its semi-annual borrowing base redetermination under its Credit Facility during which the borrowing base was reaffirmed at 1.1 billion with elected commitments remaining at 900 million. 
 On September 12, 2024, the Company entered into the Commitment Increase, Borrowing Base Reaffirmation Agreement, and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ), which amended the Company s Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment, among other things, (a) increased the aggregate elected commitment amounts under the Credit Facility to 1.0 billion, (b) reaffirmed the borrowing base under the Credit Facility at 1.1 billion and (c) extended the maturity date under the Credit Facility to September 12, 2028. 
 See Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our outstanding debt. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends on Preferred Stock . As discussed in Note 4 of our consolidated financial statements, holders of preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative quarterly dividends at a rate of 10 per annum of the Liquidation Preference with respect to cash dividends and 15 per annum of the Liquidation Preference with respect to dividends paid in kind as additional shares of preferred stock PIK Dividends ). We currently have the option to pay either cash dividends or PIK Dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 The Company paid 1.1 million and 3.3 million of cash dividends to holders of our preferred stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 1.1 million and 3.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information . The 2026 Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all existing consolidated subsidiaries that guarantee our Credit Facility or certain other debt (the Guarantors ). The 2026 Senior Notes are not guaranteed by Grizzly Holdings or Mule Sky, LLC (the Non-Guarantors ). The Guarantors are 100 owned by the Parent, and the guarantees are full, unconditional, joint and several. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of the Parent or the Guarantors to obtain funds from each other in the form of a dividend or loan. The guarantees rank equally in the right of payment with all of the senior indebtedness of the subsidiary guarantors and senior in the right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the subsidiary guarantors. The 2026 Senior Notes and the guarantees are effectively subordinated to all of our and the subsidiary guarantors' secured indebtedness (including all borrowings and other obligations under our amended and restated credit agreement) to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2026 Senior Notes. 
 SEC Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 requires the presentation of "Summarized Financial Information" to replace the "Condensed Consolidating Financial Information" required under Rule 3-10. Rule 13-01 allows the omission of Summarized Financial Information if assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Guarantors are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in our consolidated financial statements. The Parent and Guarantor subsidiaries comprise our material operations. Therefore, we concluded that the presentation of the Summarized Financial Information is not required as our Summarized Financial Information of the Guarantors is not materially different from our consolidated financial statements. 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities . Our results of operations and cash flows are impacted by changes in market prices for natural gas, oil and NGL. To mitigate a portion of the exposure to adverse market changes, we have entered into various derivative instruments. Our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative activities, when combined with our sales of natural gas, oil and NGL, allow us to predict with greater certainty the total revenue we will receive. See Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further discussion on the impact of commodity price risk on our financial position. Additionally, see Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of derivatives and hedging activities. 
 Capital Expenditures . Our capital expenditures have historically been related to the execution of our drilling and completion activities in addition to certain lease acquisition activities. Our capital investment strategy is focused on prudently developing our existing properties to generate sustainable cash flow considering current and forecasted commodity prices. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's incurred capital expenditures totaled 367.8 million, of which 277.4 million related to drilling and completion activities, 51.6 million related to maintenance leasehold and land investment and 38.8 million related to discretionary acreage acquisitions. 
 Our drilling and completion capital expenditures for 2024 are currently estimated to be in the range of 325 million to 335 million. Also, we currently expect to spend approximately 50 million to 60 million in 2024 for maintenance leasehold and land investment, which is focused on near-term drilling programs and facilitating increases in our working interests and lateral footage in units we plan to drill in 2024, 2025 and 2026. We expect this capital program to result in approximately 1,055 to 1,070 MMcfe per day of production in 2024. 
 Additionally, we are pursuing accretive acreage opportunities that expand our resource footprint and provide optionality to our near-term development plans and intend to allocate approximately 45 million in discretionary acreage acquisitions for 2024. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table presents the major changes in cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 501,185 567,680 Additions to oil and natural gas properties (376,910) (421,132) Debt activity, net 24,761 (50,000) Debt issuance and loan commitment fees (14,820) (6,965) Repurchases of common stock (103,885) (82,757) Dividends on preferred stock (3,293) (3,718) Shares exchanged for tax withholdings (23,606) (3,191) Other (2,141) 1,149 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 1,291 1,066 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 3,220 8,325 
 Net cash provided by operating activities. Net cash flow provided by operating activities was 501.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 567.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily the result of decreases in natural gas revenues. 
 Additions to oil and natural gas properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we spud 13 gross (12.7 net) operated wells and commenced sales from 16 gross (15.4 net) operated wells targeting the Utica formation for a total incurred cost of approximately 227.5 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we commenced sales from 3 gross (2.4 net) operated wells in the SCOOP for a total incurred cost of approximately 47.5 million. 
 Drilling and completion costs discussed above reflect incurred costs while drilling and completion costs presented in the table below reflect cash payments for drilling and completions. Incurred capital expenditures and cash capital expenditures may vary from period to period due to the cash payment cycle. Cash capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Oil and Natural Gas Property Cash Expenditures: Drilling and completion costs 267,802 339,170 Leasehold acquisitions 89,931 65,845 Other 19,177 16,117 Total oil and natural gas property expenditures 376,910 421,132 
 Debt activity, net. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had 737.0 million and 825.0 million in borrowings and repayments, respectively, on its Credit Facility. In September 2024, the Company purchased 524.3 million of the 2026 Senior Notes in a tender offer. The retirement of the 2026 Senior Notes resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of 13.4 million, which included cash costs of 12.9 million. The Company also issued 650.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.750 senior notes due 2029. As of October 28, 2024 the Company had 10.0 million in borrowings outstanding on its Credit Facility. 
 Debt issuance and loan commitment fees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred debt issuance and loan commitment fees of 14.8 million, as compared to 7.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily related to the issuance of the 2029 Senior Notes and the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Facility. See Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the long-term debt activity. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchases of common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 711,829 shares for approximately 104.4 million under the Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of 146.60 per share. For the same period in 2023, the Company repurchased 976,769 shares for 82.9 million at a weighted average price of 84.88 per share. As of October 28, 2024, we repurchased 5.2 million shares for approximately 518.7 million under the Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of 100.17 per share. 
 Dividends on preferred stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid 3.3 million of cash dividends to holders of our preferred stock compared to 3.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Shares exchanged for tax withholdings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid 23.6 million of shares exchanged for tax withholdings compared to 3.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in shares traded for taxes was primarily due to the vesting of certain PSU awards as discussed in Note 6 . 
 Other . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred other expenses of 2.1 million, as compared to other income of 1.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily related to proceeds from sales of oil and gas properties of 2.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Contractual and Commercial Obligations 
 We have various contractual obligations in the normal course of our operations and financing activities, as discussed in Note 9 of our consolidated financial statements. There have been no other material changes to our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We may enter into off-balance sheet arrangements and transactions that can give rise to material off-balance sheet obligations. As of September 30, 2024, our material off-balance sheet arrangements and transactions include 63.8 million in letters of credit outstanding against our Credit Facility and 43.8 million in surety bonds issued. Both the letters of credit and surety bonds are being used as financial assurance, primarily on certain firm transportation agreements. Additionally, the Company entered into various contractual commitments to purchase inventory and other material to be used in future activities. The Company's commitment to purchase these materials spans 2024, with approximately 5.5 million remaining. There are no other transactions, arrangements or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect our liquidity or availability of our capital resources. See Note 9 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the various financial guarantees we have issued. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 As of September 30, 2024 , there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies from those disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Oil and Natural Gas Properties. Lower natural gas, oil and NGL prices can reduce the value of our assets. In addition to commodity prices, our production rates, levels of proved reserves, future development costs, transfers of unevaluated properties and other factors will determine the actual ceiling test calculation and impairment analysis in future periods. Given the decline of commodity prices through the date of this filing and the current pricing outlook for the remainder of 2024, we may have additional ceiling test impairments of our oil and natural gas properties in subsequent quarters. Any such ceiling test impairment could be material to our net earnings; however, given the inter-relationship of the various judgements made to estimate proved reserves, it is impractical to estimate the potential changes in these estimates and their impact on the impairment. Full cost impairments have no impact to our cash flow or liquidity. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Natural Gas, Oil and Natural Gas Liquids Derivative Instruments. Our results of operations and cash flows are impacted by changes in market prices for natural gas, oil and NGL. To mitigate a portion of our exposure to adverse price changes, we have entered into various derivative instruments. Our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative activities, when combined with our sales of natural gas, oil and NGL, allow us to predict with greater certainty the revenue we will receive. We believe our derivative instruments continue to be highly effective in achieving our risk management objectives. 
 Our general strategy for protecting short-term cash flow and attempting to mitigate exposure to adverse natural gas, oil and NGL price changes is to hedge into strengthening natural gas, oil and NGL futures markets when prices reach levels that management believes provide reasonable rates of return on our invested capital. Information we consider in forming an opinion about future prices includes general economic conditions, industrial output levels and expectations, producer breakeven cost structures, liquefied natural gas trends, oil and natural gas storage inventory levels, industry decline rates for base production and weather trends. Executive management is involved in all risk management activities and the board of directors reviews our derivative program at its quarterly board meetings. 
 We use derivative instruments to achieve our risk management objectives, including swaps, options and costless collars. All of these are described in more detail below. We typically use swaps for a large portion of the oil and natural gas price risk we hedge. We have also sold calls in the past to take advantage of premiums associated with market price volatility. 
 We determine the notional volume potentially subject to derivative contracts by reviewing our overall estimated future production levels, which are derived from extensive examination of existing producing reserve estimates and estimates of estimated production from new drilling. Production forecasts are updated at least monthly and adjusted if necessary to actual results and activity levels. We do not enter into derivative contracts for volumes in excess of our share of forecasted production, and if production estimates were lowered for future periods and derivative instruments are already executed for some volume above the new production forecasts, the positions are typically reversed. The actual fixed prices on our derivative instruments is derived from the reference prices from third-party indices such as NYMEX. All of our commodity derivative instruments are net settled based on the difference between the fixed price as stated in the contract and the floating-price, resulting in a net amount due to or from the counterparty. 
 We review our derivative positions continuously and if future market conditions change and prices are at levels we believe could jeopardize the effectiveness of a position, we will mitigate this risk by either negotiating a cash settlement with our counterparty, restructuring the position or entering a new trade that effectively reverses the current position. The factors we consider in closing or restructuring a position before the settlement date are identical to those we review when deciding to enter the original derivative position. 
 We have determined the fair value of our derivative instruments utilizing established index prices, volatility curves, discount factors and option pricing models. These estimates are compared to counterparty valuations for reasonableness. Derivative transactions are also subject to the risk that counterparties will be unable to meet their obligations. This non-performance risk is considered in the valuation of our derivative instruments, but to date has not had a material impact on the values of our derivatives. The values we report in our financial statements are as of a point in time and subsequently change as these estimates are revised to reflect actual results, changes in market conditions and other factors. See Note 11 of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the fair value measurements associated with our derivatives. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our natural gas, oil and NGL derivative instruments consisted of the following types of instruments: 
 Swaps : We receive a fixed price and pay a floating market price to the counterparty for the hedged commodity. In exchange for higher fixed prices on certain of our swap trades, we may sell call options. 
 Basis Swaps : These instruments are arrangements that guarantee a fixed price differential to NYMEX from a specified delivery point. We receive the fixed price differential and pay the floating market price differential to the counterparty for the hedged commodity. 
 Costless Collars : Each two-way price collar has a set floor and ceiling price for the hedged production. If the applicable monthly price indices are outside of the ranges set by the floor and ceiling prices in the various collars, the Company will cash-settle the difference with the counterparty. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Call Options : We sell, and occasionally buy, call options in exchange for a premium. At the time of settlement, if the market price exceeds the fixed price of the call option, we pay the counterparty the excess on sold call options, and we would receive the excess on bought call options. If the market price settles below the fixed price of the call option, no payment is due from either party. 
 Our hedge arrangements may expose us to risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances where production is less than expected or commodity prices increase. At September 30, 2024, we had a net asset derivative position of 73.8 million as compared to a net asset derivative position of 240.2 million as of December 31, 2023. Utilizing actual derivative contractual volumes, a 10 increase in underlying commodity prices would have decreased our asset by approximately 86.2 million, while a 10 decrease in underlying commodity prices would have increased our asset by approximately 85.9 million. However, any realized derivative gain or loss would be substantially offset by a decrease or increase, respectively, in the actual sales value of production covered by the derivative instrument. 
 Interest Rate Risk. Our Credit Facility is structured under floating rate terms, as advances under these facilities may be in the form of either base rate loans or term benchmark loans. As such, our interest expense is sensitive to fluctuations in the prime rates in the United States, or, if the term benchmark rates are elected, the term benchmark rates. At September 30, 2024, we had 30.0 million outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility which bore interest at a weighted average rate of 8.37 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risks. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Control and Procedures . Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, and with participation of management, we have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 As of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 In designing and evaluating the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and the application of judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only reasonable assurance that the Company's controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal controls over financial reporting. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information with respect to this Item 1. Legal Proceedings is set forth in Note 9 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business has many risks. Factors that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or liquidity and the trading price of our common stock or senior notes are described below and under "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1 - July 31 59,898 154.32 50,995 188,021,000 August 1 - August 31 66,541 140.92 62,730 179,184,000 September 1 - September 30 227,903 145.95 227,407 145,996,000 Total 354,342 146.42 341,132 _____________________ 
 (1) We repurchased and canceled 8,903, 3,811 and 496 shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of 157.92, 141.83 and 151.49 to satisfy tax withholding requirements incurred upon the vesting of restricted stock unit awards during July, August and September 2024, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement"(as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS INDEX OF EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form SEC File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 2.1 Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Gulfport Energy Corporation and its Debtor Subsidiaries, dated April 14, 2021. 
 8-K 001-19514 2.2 4/29/2021 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Gulfport Energy Corporation. 
 8-K 000-19514 3.1 5/17/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Gulfport Energy Corporation. 
 8-K 000-19514 3.2 5/17/2021 4.1 
 I ndenture, dated September 13, 2024 , among Gulfport Energy Operating Co rporation, Gulfport Energy Corporation, the subsid iary guarantors party thereto and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 8-K 000-19514 4.1 
 9/16/2024 10.1 
 C ommitment Increase, Borrowing Base Reaffirmation Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated September 12, 2024. 
 8-K 000-19514 10.1 
 9/16/2024 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. X 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 6, 2024 
 
 GULFPORT ENERGY CORPORATION By: /s/ Michael Hodges Michael Hodges Chief Financial Officer 
 
 56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gpor-09302024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, John Reinhart, Chief Executive Officer of Gulfport Energy Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gulfport Energy Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s John Reinhart John Reinhart Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gpor-09302024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Michael Hodges, Chief Financial Officer of Gulfport Energy Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gulfport Energy Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Michael Hodges Michael Hodges Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gpor-09302024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 
 I, John Reinhart, Chief Executive Officer of Gulfport Energy Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 
 s John Reinhart John Reinhart Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gpor-09302024xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 
 I, Michael Hodges, Chief Financial Officer of Gulfport Energy Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 
 s Michael Hodges Michael Hodges Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gpor-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gpor-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gpor-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gpor-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gpor-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

