<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241028_10-Q_edgar_data_1720025_0001213900-24-091173.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1886392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59959</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>431663</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>302683</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>502654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>559711</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-091173.hdr.sgml : 20241028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241028160040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-091173
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Allegro Merger Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720025
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				822425125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38581
		FILM NUMBER:		241400822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 THIRD AVENUE, 37TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-319-7676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 THIRD AVENUE, 37TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-091173.txt : 20241028

10-Q
 1
 ea0218601-10q_allegro.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 
 , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

None. 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of October 28, 2024, , shares of common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

ALLEGRO MERGER CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 16 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 16 

Part II. Other Information 
 17 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 18 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 19 

Signatures 
 20 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 

(Unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Notes payable-related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements. 

1 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations 

(Unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 

General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock, basic and diluted- Founders and Private Placement Shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Founders and Private Placement Shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements. 

2 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Changes
in Stockholders Deficit 

(Unaudited) 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2024 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2024 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2023 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements. 

3 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 

(Unaudited) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from notes payable- related party 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements. 

4 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

units Units and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares ), including Units issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters 
overallotment option, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consisted of share of the
Company s common stock, par value, redeemable common stock purchase warrant (the Warrants and right
(the Rights ). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of common stock at an exercise price of per
share (see Note 7). Each Right entitles the holder to receive one tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon the completion of a Business
Combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units Private Units ), at a price of 
per Private Unit in a private placement to certain of the Initial Stockholders (defined below), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Chardan
Capital Markets LLC (collectively, the Insiders ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on July 6, 2018, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account and was invested
in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes, having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 

On July 6, 2018, in connection
with the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
 Units, at per Unit. 

Dissolution of Trust Account;
Delisting and Deregistration of Securities 

Pursuant to the Charter,
on March 31, 2020, the Company began the process of liquidating and distributing to its public stockholders their pro rata portion of
the funds contained in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the amounts on deposit, less amounts that be released to the Company
to pay franchise and income taxes and up to of interest which may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses. On
April 21, 2020, all of the public shares were redeemed at a per share redemption price of . On August 23, 2021, we distributed the
remaining restricted cash pro rata, to our former public stockholders in the amount of . The restricted cash balance represented
the unused portion of our dissolution allowance and allowance for taxes. 

An aggregate of approximately
 of loans made by the initial stockholders to the Company in connection with extensions of time to complete an initial business
will not be repaid and will be forgiven if we are unable to consummate a business combination and determine to liquidate and dissolve. 

5 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

shares of common stock remain outstanding. Additionally, the Company s rights and warrants remain outstanding. 

On April 20, 2020, Nasdaq
filed a Form 25 to delist and deregister the units, common stock, rights, and warrants. Such securities were delisted from Nasdaq as of
April 30, 2020 and deregistered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act as of July 9, 2020. 

Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had a cash balance of and a working capital deficit of . 

In addition, in connection
with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern , management has determined that it will continue as a going concern because the company has no operations to achieve any
revenue and is dependent on obtaining capital to fund operating expenses. Thus the company has substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company
liquidate after September 30, 2024. 

and as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

6 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

Public Shares in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, since their inclusion would
be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings per share for
the period. 

 and
 ), by the weighted average number of Shares outstanding during the period. 

7 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

Units, including Units issued pursuant to the exercise in full of
the underwriters over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consisted of share of the Company s
common stock, par value, Warrant and Right. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of common stock at
an exercise price of per share (see Note 7). Each Right entitles the holder to receive one tenth (1/10) of share of common
stock upon the completion of a Business Combination. 

Private Units, at per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase price
of . Each Private Unit consists of Private Share, warrant Private Warrant and right Private
Right ). The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units were used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. 

The Private Units are identical
to the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that the holders have agreed to vote the Private Shares in favor of any Business Combination.
Additionally, the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to certain
permitted transferees) until the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

The holders of the Private
Units (or underlying shares of common stock) are entitled to registration rights described in Note 6. 

to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in March, April, and July 2024. The
notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger or
acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

Notes Payable 
Related Parties 

Certain individuals and entities
(the Contributors that participated in the private placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the Company s
initial public offering contributed to the Company an aggregate amount of , representing contributions covering a prorated amount
of per unconverted public share for the partial month of January 2020 and per unconverted public share for each of February
2020 and March 2020 (each, a Contribution ). The Contributions will not bear any interest and will be repayable by the Company
to the Contributors upon consummation of an initial business combination. The Contributions will be forgiven if the Company is unable
to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account. 

The Company deposited ,
the first contribution on January 6, 2020, into the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering.
The Company deposited the second Contribution of on January 31, 2020, and deposited the third Contribution of on March
2, 2020, in each case, to the same trust account; provided that any such additional Contribution was only to be made if the previously
announced merger agreement with TGI Fridays is still then in effect, or, if such agreement is earlier terminated, the Board of Directors
of the Company by majority vote determines to require such additional Contribution. 

8 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

remains outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, excluding the over-allotment option, or 
in the aggregate, to the underwriters at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, with an additional fee (the Deferred Underwriting
Discount of of the gross offering proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, excluding the over-allotment option, and 
of the gross proceeds of the over-allotment option, or in the aggregate. The Underwriting Agreement provided that the Deferred
Underwriting Discount would only be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company
would complete its initial Business Combination. As previously indicated, the Company was unable to consummate its initial Business Combination
in the time period prescribed by the Charter and, accordingly, the Company distributed the proceeds held in the Trust Account to public
stockholders. As a result, the Deferred Underwriting Discount is no longer owed. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may
be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no 
shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized
to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

9 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

per Public Share (the Redemption Amount ). The cash
used for common stock redemptions was and the change in the value of common stock due to redemptions was ). 

The initial redemption occurred
on April 21, 2020. As of the close of business on such date, the Public Shares were deemed cancelled and will represent only the right
to receive the per share Redemption Amount. The Company s officers, directors, initial stockholders, and the purchasers of Private
Units have waived their redemption rights with respect to the common stock issued prior to the Company s initial public offering
and the common stock underlying the Private Units. 

Rights 

Each holder of a Right will
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange
of the Rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive its additional shares
upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for
by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the
Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share
consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis and each holder
of Rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 of a share underlying each right (without paying
additional consideration). The common stock issuable upon exchange of the Rights was registered at the time of our initial public offering.
Accordingly, when issued, such shares will not be restricted securities (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

Warrants 

The Company has accounted
for both the Public and Private Warrants as a liability (see note 2 and note 8). 

The Warrants will become
exercisable 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has
an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current
prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Warrants is not effective within 20 business days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain
an effective registration statement, exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under
the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless
basis. The Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Placement Warrants are
identical to the Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the Placement Warrants are exercisable for
cash (even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such Placement Warrants is not effective)
or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and not redeemable by the Company, in each case so long as they are still held by
the original purchasers or their affiliates. 

10 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

per Warrant: 

- 
 upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder, 

- if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock (or the closing bid price of our common stock in the event shares of our common stock are not traded on any specific day) equals or exceeds per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to Warrant holders, and 

- 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day redemption period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

If the Company calls the
Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so on a cashless
basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 

The exercise price and number
of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a
stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not be
adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required
to net cash settle the Warrants. 

Our last warrant valuation
was performed for the period ending March 31, 2021. As such, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the value of the warrant liability
is . 

11 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, 
 our, us or we refer to Allegro Merger Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy
include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on August 7, 2017 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses business combination ).
We are not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a business combination. 

Critical Accounting Policy 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following critical accounting policy: 

The company has determined
there are no critical accounting policies or estimates in the periods covered in this report. 

Critical Accounting Estimate 

An accounting estimate where
(a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters
or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is
material. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Practices 

A company s accounting
policies and practices that are both most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition and results, and require
management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effects of
matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Results of Operations 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 6,450, which consisted of operating costs of 6,450. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 33,508, which consisted of operating costs of 33,508. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 6,910, which consisted of operating costs of 6,910. For the nine months ended September 30,
2023, we had net loss of 31,167, which consisted of operating costs of 31,167. 

12 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We presently have no revenue;
our net loss of 33,508 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consists of operating expenses. Through September 30, 2024, our liquidity
needs were satisfied through receipt of 33,550 in loans made to the company. 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of
assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of
 998,676. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans.
Our plans to raise capital or to consummate the initial business combination may not be successful. These matters, among others, raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the foregoing, we currently do not have sufficient cash and
working capital to meet our needs through the mandatory liquidation date unless our initial stockholders provide us additional funds for
our working capital needs, or we obtain other financing. 

The accompanying financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Related Party Transactions 

Private Shares 

In connection with Allegro s
organization in August 2017, Allegro issued to Eric Rosenfeld, the Chief Executive Officer, an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common
stock in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to
the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Prior to the initial public offering, Mr. Rosenfeld
then transferred all of the shares to two trusts for the benefit of his immediate family members, and subsequently, the trusts transferred
a portion of such private shares to the other initial stockholders in exchange for 0.01 per share. In April 2018, the initial stockholders
contributed to Allegro s capital an aggregate of 575,000 shares for no additional consideration, leaving them with an aggregate
of 3,737,500 private shares. 

The private shares are identical
to the shares of common stock included in the units sold in the initial public offering. However, the initial stockholders have agreed
(A) not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of Allegro s
initial business combination or (ii) the date on which Allegro completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
after the initial business combination that results in all stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for
cash, securities or other property, or (iii) if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after Allegro s initial business combination, and (B) each holder of private shares has agreed
to waive his, her or its redemption rights with respect to the private shares, (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination,
(ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend Allegro s charter to modify the substance or timing of Allegro s obligation
to redeem 100 of the public shares if Allegro does not complete an initial business combination by the required deadline, (iii) if Allegro
fails to consummate an initial business combination by the required deadline, and (iv) upon Allegro s liquidation. Additionally,
the initial stockholders have agreed to vote their private shares in favor of the initial business combination. 

Promissory Notes 

The Company issued four unsecured
promissory notes totaling 33,550 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in March, April, and July 2024. The
notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger or
acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

The Company issued five unsecured
promissory notes totaling 40,250 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in January, April, May, August, and
October 2023. The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates
a merger or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

13 

Notes Payable Related Parties 

Certain individuals and entities
(the Contributors that participated in the private placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the Company s
initial public offering contributed to the Company an aggregate amount of 781,700, representing contributions covering a prorated amount
of 0.02 per unconverted public share for the partial month of January 2020 and 0.025 per unconverted public share for each of February
2020 and March 2020 (each, a Contribution ). The Contributions will not bear any interest and will be repayable by the Company
to the Contributors upon consummation of an initial business combination. The Contributions will be forgiven if the Company is unable
to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account. 

The Company deposited 223,342,
the first contribution on January 6, 2020, into the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering.
The Company deposited the second Contribution of 279,178 on January 31, 2020, and deposited the third Contribution of 279,180 on March
2, 2020, in each case, to the same trust account; provided that any such additional Contribution was only to be made if the previously
announced merger agreement with TGI Fridays is still then in effect, or, if such agreement is earlier terminated, the Board of Directors
of the Company by majority vote determines to require such additional Contribution. 

On March 31, 2020, the Company
and Holdings mutually determined, due to extraordinary market conditions and the failure to meet necessary closing conditions, to terminate
the Merger Agreement. 

An aggregate of approximately
 781,700 principal amount of loans associated with the extension remain outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The loans made by
the Contributors will not be repaid and will be forgiven if we are unable to consummate a business combination and determine to liquidate
and dissolve. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneous with the consummation
of the initial public offering, Allegro consummated the private placement of 372,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per
private placement unit, generating total proceeds of 3,725,000. The private placement units were purchased by the initial stockholders,
Cantor and Chardan. 

Allegro s initial stockholders,
Cantor and Chardan have the right to require Allegro to register the private placement units for resale, as described below under Registration
Rights . Allegro will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

The private placement rights
are identical to the rights that were sold as part of the units in Allegro s initial public offering. The private placement warrants
are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. The private placement warrants
may also be exercised by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees, for cash or on a cashless basis. Other than as stated
above, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units
in Allegro s initial public offering. The private placement units are not transferrable until 30 days after the consummation of
Allegro s initial business combination; provided, however, that the transfer restrictions will lapse earlier if following the completion
of Allegro s initial business combination Allegro completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that
results in all of Allegro s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other
property. 

14 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the private
shares, private placement units (including securities contained therein) and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans that may be made by Allegro s initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates will have the right to require
Allegro to register under the Securities Act a sale of any securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These
holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, except that Cantor, Chardan, and/or their
designees may only make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five-year period beginning on July 2, 2018, the
effective date of Allegro s registration statement in connection with Allegro s initial public offering. In addition, these
holders will have piggy-back registration rights allowing them to include their securities in other registration statements
filed by Allegro. Cantor, Chardan, and/or their designees may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven
year period beginning on July 2, 2018. Allegro will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

We entered into an agreement
to pay an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer an aggregate monthly fee of 12,500 for office space and office and administrative
support provided to the Company. The company and the affiliate have agreed to suspend payment on this agreement on March 31, 2020. 

We have engaged our underwriters
as advisors in connection an initial business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential
business combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public
filings in connection with the business combination. The Underwriting Agreement provided that a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 
of the gross offering proceeds of the initial public offering, excluding the over-allotment option, and 5.5 of the gross proceeds of
the over-allotment option, or 5,622,500 in the aggregate Deferred Underwriting Discount would only be payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completed its initial Business Combination. As
previously indicated, the Company was unable to consummate its initial business combination in the time period required by the Charter
and, accordingly, distributed the proceeds held in the Trust Account to public stockholders. As a result, the Deferred Underwriting Discount
is no longer owed. 

Insider Shares 

The Initial Stockholder purchased
an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share Founder
Shares ). 

In April 2018, the Initial
Stockholders surrendered an aggregate of 575,000 shares for no additional consideration, leaving them with an aggregate of 3,737,500 Founder
Shares. 

15 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new
or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may
not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As of September 30, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including consulting
with subject matter experts related to the accounting for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. The Company s management
has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal
control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements
and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure
that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

16 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We have identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report
our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our
management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes
and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As described elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for
a significant and unusual transaction related to the warrants we issued in connection with our public and private placements in connection
with our IPO. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting were
not effective as of September 30, 2024. This material weakness resulted in a material misstatement of our warrant liabilities, change
in fair value of warrant liabilities, additional paid-in capital, accumulated deficit, and related financial disclosures. 

To respond to this material
weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our
internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements,
we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research
materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex
accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that
these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Any failure to maintain such
internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate
basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our
financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which
our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our
business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3 or
Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares
to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information,
which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We can give no assurance
that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional
material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate
internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or
errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

17 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
from Registered Securities 

In connection with our organization
in August 2017, we issued to Eric Rosenfeld, our Chief Executive Officer, an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock in exchange
for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). Mr. Rosenfeld thereafter
transferred such shares to our other shareholders prior to the Initial Public Offering (the initial stockholders ). In April
2018, our initial stockholders contributed to our capital for no additional consideration an aggregate of 575,000 shares, resulting in
our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 3,737,500 shares of common stock. 

On July 6, 2018, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 14,950,000 units, including 1,950,000 units subject to the underwriters over-allotment option. The
units sold in the Initial Public Offering, including pursuant to the over-allotment option, were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per
unit, generating total gross proceeds of 149,500,000. Cantor Fitzgerald Co. acted as the sole book running manager for the Initial
Public Offering. Chardan Capital Markets LLC acted as lead manager. of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were
registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 225270). The Securities and Exchange Commission
declared the registration statement effective on July 2, 2018. 

Simultaneous with the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 372,500 units Private Units to
our initial stockholders at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,725,000. This issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Units are identical
to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the warrants included in the Private Units are non-redeemable, may be exercised
on a cashless basis, and may be exercisable for unregistered shares of common stock if the prospectus relating to the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the sponsor or its permitted
transferees. The holders of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the common stock included in the Private Units Private Shares in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to convert any Private Shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account
in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or sell any Private Shares to us in a tender
offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination and (C) that such Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating
distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated within the required time period. Additionally, the holders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion
of an initial business combination. 

Of the gross proceeds received
from the Initial Public Offering and private placement of Private Units, 149,500,000 was placed in a trust account. 

Total offering costs amounted
to 8,513,427, consisting of 5,622,500 of deferred underwriting discount, 2,600,000 of underwriting fees and 290,927 of other costs. 

Following termination of
the Merger Agreement, the Company liquidated the funds held in the Trust Account. Pursuant to the Charter, all outstanding shares of the
Company s common stock that were included in the units sold in the Company s initial public offering (the Public Shares were redeemed at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.30 per Public Share. On August 23, 2021, we distributed the remaining
restricted cash pro rata, to our former public stockholders in the amount of 129,957. The restricted cash balance represented the unused
portion of our dissolution allowance and allowance for taxes. 

18 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

19 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ALLEGRO MERGER CORP. 

Date: October 28, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Name: 
 Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Adam H. Jaffe 

Name: 
 Adam H. Jaffe 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea0218601ex31-1_allegro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Eric S. Rosenfeld, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Allegro Merger Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 28, 2024 

/s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea0218601ex31-2_allegro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Adam H. Jaffe, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Allegro Merger Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 28, 2024 

/s/ Adam H. Jaffe 

Adam H. Jaffe 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ea0218601ex32_allegro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Allegro Merger Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q, for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below,
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: October 28, 2024 

/s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

/s/ Adam H. Jaffe 

Adam H. Jaffe 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 algr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 algr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 algr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 algr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 algr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

