<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1584754_0001213900-24-097800.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4709702</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113963</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1154057</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1028661</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1111223</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1197418</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097800.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114073259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097800
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Akoustis Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				331229046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38029
		FILM NUMBER:		241457212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9805 NORTHCROSS CENTER COURT, SUITE A
		CITY:			HUNTERSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28078
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7026054086

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9805 NORTHCROSS CENTER COURT, SUITE A
		CITY:			HUNTERSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28078

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DANLAX, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130820

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097800.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0218907-10q_akoustis.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Postal Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 1-704-997-5735 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Capital Market) 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

As of November 11, 2024, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 
 4 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 5 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 19 

ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 24 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 24 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 25 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 25 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 26 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 27 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 27 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 27 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 27 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 
 28 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(In thousands, except share data) 
(Unaudited) 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 Assets 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Inventory 

Investment tax credits receivable 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Litigation related contingent liability 

Notes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Operating lease liability 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value : shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements 

1 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income 

Interest (expense) income 

Litigation related contingent liability 

Other (expense) income 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Total other (expense) income 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net Loss 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

2 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes
in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued in exercise of warrants 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Cumulative-effect adoption of ASU 2016-13 

ESPP Purchase 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

3 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Notes payable 

Litigation related contingent liability 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for property, plant and equipment 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - Beginning of Period 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash - End of Period 

SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the Period for: 

Income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accounts
 receivable applied against notes payable 

Fixed assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements 

4 

AKOUSTIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 
(Unaudited) 

, and effective December 15, 2016, the Company changed its state of incorporation to the State of Delaware.
Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Akoustis, Inc. (a Delaware corporation), the Company, headquartered in Huntersville, North Carolina,
is focused on developing, designing, and manufacturing innovative radio frequency RF filter products for the wireless
industry, including for products such as smartphones and tablets, cellular infrastructure equipment, Wi-Fi Customer Premise Equipment CPE ), and military and defense communication applications. Located between the device s antenna and its digital backend,
the RF front-end RFFE is the circuitry that performs the analog signal processing and contains components such as amplifiers,
filters and switches. To construct the resonator devices that are the building blocks for its RF filters, the Company has developed a
family of novel, high purity acoustic piezoelectric materials as well as a unique microelectromechanical system MEMS wafer
semiconductor process, collectively referred to as XBAW technology. The Company leverages its integrated device manufacturing IDM and recently introduced foundry business model to develop and sell high performance RF filters using its XBAW technology. Filters
are critical in selecting and rejecting signals, and their performance enables differentiation in the modules defining the RFFE. Additionally,
through RFM Integrated Device, Inc. RFMi ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Akoustis, Inc., the Company makes sales of complementary
surface acoustic wave SAW resonators, RF filters, crystal (Xtal) resonators and oscillators, and ceramic products branded
as RFMi products. The Company also offers back-end semiconductor supply chain services through its wholly owned subsidiary,
Grinding Dicing Services, Inc. GDSI"), which it acquired in January 2023. 

million and working capital deficit of million. In the absence of additional liquidity, the Company anticipates
that its existing cash resources, with a continued focus on cash conservation, is sufficient to fund its operations into the third quarter
of fiscal 2025. There is no assurance that the Company s projections and estimates are accurate. On May 17, 2024, after a trial
in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in the matter of Qorvo Inc. vs. Akoustis Technologies, Inc. DE Case 1:21-cv-01417-JPM
(the Qorvo Litigation ), the jury in the Qorvo Litigation awarded Qorvo approximately million in damages. On September
9 and 10, 2024, the District Court issued orders awarding Qorvo an aggregate of approximately in attorneys fees and pre-
and post-judgment interest. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year from the date of this filing, which would require us to obtain additional equity financing or other capital. These condensed
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or
the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Unless we appeal
the outcome of the Qorvo Litigation and post an undertaking (such as an appeal bond), we will be forced to pursue a reorganization proceeding
under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 

5 

million and million in
revenue from NRE contracts during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Product Sales 

Product sales revenue consists of sales of RF
filters which are sold with contract terms stating that title passes, and the customer takes control, at the time of shipment. Revenue
is then recognized when the devices are shipped, and the performance obligation has been satisfied. If devices are sold under contract
terms that specify that the customer does not take ownership until the goods are received, revenue is recognized when the customer receives
the goods. 

Asia 

Europe 

Total 

6 

Asia 

Europe 

Total 

Performance Obligations 

The Company has determined that contracts for
product sales revenue and fabrication services revenue involve one performance obligation, which is delivery of the final product. 

Contract Balances 

Closing, September 30, 2024 

Increase/(Decrease) 

() 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Closing, September 30, 2023 

Increase/(Decrease) 

() 

7 

thousand which related to timing of shipments. 

Contract assets are recorded when revenue recognized
exceeds the amount invoiced. The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets and contract
liabilities primarily results from the timing difference between the Company s performance and the customer s payment. The
amount of contract assets invoiced in the three months ended September 30, 2024, that was included in the opening contract asset balance
was million, which primarily related to non-recurring engineering services. 

Backlog of Remaining Customer Performance Obligations 

Revenue expected to be recognized and recorded as sales during the
remainder of this fiscal year from the backlog of performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) at September
30, 2024 was million. The Company s backlog may vary significantly each reporting period based on the timing of major new contract
commitments. In addition, the Company s customers have the right, under some infrequent circumstances, to terminate contracts or
defer the timing of the Company's services and their payments to the Company. 

Work in Process 

Finished Goods 

Total Inventory 

Building and leasehold improvements 

Equipment 
 - years 

Computer Equipment Software 
 - years 

Total 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Total 

The Company recorded depreciation expense of 
million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, equipment with a net
book value totaling million had not been placed in service and therefore was not depreciated during the period. As of June 30, 2024,
fixed assets with a net book value totaling million had not been placed in service and therefore was not depreciated during the period. 

8 

million and million, respectively. 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Accrued goods received not invoiced 

Accrued professional fees 

Other accrued expenses 

Totals 

convertible senior notes Ending Balance as of September 30, 2024 

convertible senior notes Ending Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Interest expense on the Notes during the three
months ended September 30, 2024 included contractual interest of thousand and debt discount amortization of thousand. 

9 

million to the Sellers representative in connection with the Company s
acquisition of GDSI in January 2023. The Sellers representative is a current employee of the Company. The Promissory Note does
not bear interest, is subject to partial prepayment (reduction of the outstanding principal amount down to million) on the second
anniversary of the Closing Date, and is payable in full on the third anniversary of the Closing Date. The Purchaser can reduce the principal
amount of the Promissory Note to satisfy the Sellers 
indemnification obligations under the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) if GDSI s President is terminated for cause or due to disability
or resigns without good reason prior to maturity the Promissory Note will be cancelled in its entirety. The Promissory Note is secured
by certain of the Purchaser s and GDSI s assets. In the event of certain events of default, including failure to pay amounts
due under the Promissory Note and certain bankruptcy events, the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note will become immediately
due. The Promissory Note will be recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the Promissory Note as compensation expense. The
Company recorded compensation expense totaling thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and thousand for the three
months ended September 30, 2023, in General and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
with the associated liability included in Notes payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Short Term Note 

In June 2024, the Company issued a secured note (the Customer
Note in the original principal amount of million issued by the Company to a key customer and is included in Notes
payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Customer Note does not bear interest and is subject to periodic repayment
against sales made to the customer. The Customer Note is secured by certain of the Company s assets. Pursuant to the sales agreement
with this key customer, the Company agreed to sell products up to million at an agreed upon price per unit. It also contains an
option for the customer to buy additional products at a reduced price per unit. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the
Company recognized million of revenue from this sales agreement which was applied against the Customer Note. 

Customer 2 

Customer 3 

Customer 2 

Customer 3 

Vendors 

Vendor 2 

Vendor 3 

10 

thousand restricted stock units RSUs with a weighted average grant date fair value of . The RSUs will be expensed over the requisite service period. The terms of the
RSUs include vesting provisions based solely on continued service. If the service criteria are satisfied, the RSUs will generally vest
over years. 

General and Administrative 

Cost of revenue 

Total 

Restricted stock units 

Nasdaq Stock Market notification 

On October 24, 2023, the Company received notification from the Listing
Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, stating that the Company did not comply with the minimum bid price
requirement for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Requirement ). In accordance
with Nasdaq listing rules, the Company was afforded 180 calendar days (until April 22, 2024) to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement
(the Initial Compliance Period ). To regain compliance, the closing bid price of Common Stock needed to meet or exceed 
per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during this 180-day period. Since the Company did not regain compliance by April
22, 2024, the Company requested, and was granted, an additional 180 calendar days to regain compliance with Bid Price Requirement expiring
October 21, 2024. 

On August 19, 2024, the Company received notice from the Staff indicating
that the bid price for the Common Stock had closed at or less per share for the 10-consecutive trading day period ended August 16,
2024 and, accordingly, the Company is subject to the provisions contemplated under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(iii). As a result,
the Staff determined to delist the Common Stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Delisting Determination ). 

Additionally, as previously disclosed, on October 10, 2024, the Company
received a written notice from the Staff indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which
requires companies listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain a minimum of in stockholders equity for continued
listing (the Stockholders Equity Requirement ), based on the Company s stockholders deficit as of June
30, 2024 reported in the 2024 Annual Report. 

11 

, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to twenty-four months. Following adoption of ASC 842, lease expense excludes
capital area maintenance and property taxes. 

Liabilities Other current liabilities Current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: Operating leases Years Years Weighted Average Discount Rate: Operating leases 

12 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments (undiscounted cash flows) 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

annually to the OCIDA an approximately acre parcel of land in Canandaigua,
New York, together with the improvements thereon (including the Company s New York fabrication facility), and transfer title to
certain related equipment and personal property to the OCIDA (collectively, the Facility ). The OCIDA will lease the Facility
back to the Company for annual rent payments specified in the Lease and Project Agreement for the Company s primary use as research
and development, manufacturing, warehouse and professional office space in its business, and to be subleased, in part, by the Company
to various existing tenants. The Company estimates substantial tax savings during the term of the Agreements, which expire on December
31, 2028. In addition, subject to the terms of the Lease and Project Agreement, certain purchases and leases of eligible items will be
exempt from the imposition of sales and use taxes. Subject to the terms of the Lease and Project Agreement, the OCIDA has also granted
to the Company an exemption from certain mortgage recording taxes for one or more mortgages securing an aggregate principal amount not
to exceed million, or such greater amount as approved by the OCIDA in its sole and absolute discretion. Benefits totaling approximately
 million provided to the Company through September 2024 pursuant to the terms of the Lease and Project Agreement are subject to claw
back over the life of the Agreements upon certain recapture events, including certain events of default. 

Litigation, Claims and Assessments 

Qorvo Inc. vs. Akoustis Technologies, Inc.,
DE Case 1:21-cv-01417-JPM 

On October 4, 2021, the Company was named as a
defendant in a complaint filed by Qorvo, Inc. Qorvo in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging,
among other things, infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,522,018 the 018 Patent and U.S. Patent No. 9,735,755 the
 755 Patent ), false advertising, false patent marking, and unfair competition. The complaint alleges that the defendants
misappropriated proprietary information, made misleading statements about the characteristics of certain of its products, and sold products
infringing on certain of the plaintiff s patents. The plaintiff seeks an injunction enjoining the Company from the alleged infringement
and damages, including punitive and statutory enhanced damages, in an unspecified amount. The Company filed a motion to dismiss all of
the claims other than the direct patent infringement claims, but the court permitted the plaintiff to file an amended complaint which
the court subsequently determined was sufficient for pleading purposes. The Court denied the Company s motion in May 2022. The Court
held a claims construction hearing in November 2022, issuing its claim construction order on March 15, 2023. On February 8, 2023, Qorvo
filed a second amended complaint adding allegations of misappropriation of trade secrets, racketeering activities, and civil conspiracy.
Fact discovery closed on November 15, 2023 and expert discovery closed on January 26, 2024. 

On February 1, 2024, the Company filed a motion
for partial summary judgment in its favor with respect to Qorvo s claims of false advertising, false patent marking, unfair competition,
misappropriation of trade secrets, violation of the RICO Act, and civil conspiracy. In its motion, the Company also moved for summary
judgment in its favor regarding Qorvo s claim of infringement regarding its 755 Patent with respect to newer designs of certain
Company BAW filters. That same day, Qorvo filed a motion seeking partial summary judgment in its favor with respect to the Company s
defenses of invalidity regarding the 018 Patent and the 755 Patent. 

13 

million in damages. Following
the verdict, the Company filed post-trial motions seeking to (i) overturn the jury s damages award for trade secret misappropriation
and (ii) obtain a new trial on liability for patent infringement and regarding damages for trade secret misappropriation (or in the alternative,
remittitur regarding such damages (collectively, the Company Post-Trial Motions )). Qorvo filed four post-trial motions of
its own, including a motion for discretionary attorneys fees regarding the trade secret misappropriation claims. 

On September 9, 2024, the District Court issued
an Order Granting in Part and Denying in Part Plaintiff s Motion for Attorneys Fees (the Attorneys Fees Order ).
The Attorneys Fees Order awarded Qorvo approximately million in attorneys fees (the Attorneys Fees Award ). 

On September 10, 2024, the District Court issued an Order on Pre- and
Post-Judgment Interest (the Judgment Interest Order . The Judgment Interest Order awarded Qorvo approximately million
(the Judgment Interest Award and, collectively with the Damages Award and the Attorneys Fees Award, the Awards ). 

On October 11, 2024, the District Court issued
an order granting in part and denying in part Qorvo s motion for permanent injunctive relief, and immediately after entered its
Permanent Injunction (the Injunction Order ). The Injunction Order provides that: 

the Company is permanently enjoined from possessing any confidential
information copied or derived from certain trade secrets that the jury found the Company to have misappropriated Qorvo Trade
Secret Information ), selling or distributing any product made using Qorvo Trade Secret Information, and promoting or otherwise
providing services that use Qorvo Trade Secret Information; 

the Company is required to engage, at its expense, an e-discovery
vendor to assist with the identification, collection and removal of any Qorvo confidential information and Qorvo Trade Secret Information
from any of the Company s databases, document management systems, email accounts, computers and other storage media, and paper
files; 

for a period of four years from the issuance of the Order,
Qorvo will have the right to conduct audits of the Company through an independent third party, a maximum of once per calendar year, with
the expense of such audits to be split evenly between the Company and Qorvo (unless an audit shows a violation of the Injunctive Order,
in which case the Company will bear the full cost of such audit). The audit rights terminate after two years if no violations are found
in the first two years; and 

the Company is permanently enjoined from making, using or
selling in the United States, or importing into the United States, certain Company products found by the jury to infringe the two asserted
Qorvo patents, or any products not more than colorably different than such products. 

On October 15, 2024, the District Court denied
Qorvo s post-trial motion seeking to amend the jury s finding that the Company did not violate the North Carolina Unfair and
Deceptive Trade Practices Act (the UDTPA and instead award Qorvo treble damages for the Company s alleged UDTPA violation
(the UDTPA Order, and together with the Attorneys Fees Order, Judgment Interest Order, and Injunction Order, the
 Orders ). 

14 

million was recognized related to these judgments during the year ended June 30, 2024.
The litigation related contingent liability totaled million as of the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Unless we appeal the outcome
of the Qorvo Litigation and post an undertaking (such as an appeal bond), we will be forced to pursue a reorganization proceeding under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. vs. Qorvo, Inc.,
TX Case 2:23-cv-00180-JRG-RSP 

On April 20, 2023, the Company filed a complaint
against Qorvo in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement by Qorvo of U.S. Patent No.
7,250,360 the 360 Patent ), a patent licensed exclusively to the Company by Cornell University. The complaint alleges
Qorvo s willful infringement of the Cornell patent and seeks remedies including enhanced damages and attorneys fees. On July
24, 2023, Qorvo filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. 

On August 11, 2023, Qorvo filed a motion to strike
Akoustis infringement contentions. On January 10, 2024, the Court denied Qorvo s motion to strike and Qorvo agreed to respond
to the Company s interrogatories and document requests relating to the accused products listed in the Company s infringement
contentions. 

In connection with the litigation, the Company
issued subpoenas to certain suppliers of Qorvo. On March 1, 2024, a supplier of Qorvo filed an inter partes review with the Patent Trial
and Appeal Board challenging the validity of the 360 Patent and, on April 17, 2024, Qorvo made a similar filing. 

On May 1, 2024, the Company filed a motion for
leave to amend its complaint to add Cornell University as a co-plaintiff, as well as a motion to compel financial discovery. 

On September 13, 2024, the U.S. Patent Office instituted
the inter partes review previously requested by Qorvo and its supplier. On September 24, 2024, the Company and Qorvo filed a joint motion
to stay the litigation pending such inter partes review, which motion was granted by the court. 

Resolution of each of the matters described above has been prolonged and costly, and the ultimate result or judgment is uncertain due
to the inherent uncertainty in litigation and other proceedings. The adverse result in the Delaware matter described above has had a material
adverse effect on the Company and its business and created an urgent need for additional liquidity resulting in the Company s likely
seeking protection by filing a voluntary petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code. The matters described above and other possible
future actions have resulted in significant expenses, diversion of management and technical personnel attention and disruptions and delays
in the Company s business and product development, and other collateral consequences. Any out-of-court settlement of the above matters
or other actions may also have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including,
but not limited to, substantial expenses, the payment of royalties, licensing or other fees payable to third parties, or restrictions
on its ability to develop, manufacture, and sell its products. 

From time to time, the Company may become involved
in other lawsuits, investigations, and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses
against such other pending claims and intends to vigorously pursue them. While it is not possible to predict or determine the outcomes
of any such other pending actions, the Company believes the amount of liability, if any, with respect to such other pending actions, would
not materially affect its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

15 

million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of June 30, 2024 and are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
as a long-term liability. 

segments, Fabrication Services, which consists of engineering review
services and backend packaging services, and RF Filters, which consists of amplifier and filter product sales. 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

As of September 30, 2024 

Accounts receivable, net 

Property and equipment, net 

As of June 30, 2024 

Accounts receivable, net 

Property and equipment, net 

million
shares underlying unexercised warrants with nominal remaining exercise prices are included in the basic and diluted calculation of weighted
average common shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

16 

Options 

Total 

Total fair value 

Total fair value 

17 

Change in fair value of convertible note derivatives 

Ending balance 

The fair value of the embedded derivatives in
our convertible notes that were classified as Level 3 in the table above were estimated using a with and without approach on a lattice
model framework with significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 fair value measurement as defined
in ASC 820. The significant inputs in the Level 3 measurement not supported by market activity include the probability and timing assessments
of expected future change of control events, the volatility of our share price and the discount rate used to present value future cash
payments under the convertible debt obligation. The development and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements
and the fair value calculations are the responsibility of the Company s chief financial officer and are approved by the chief executive
officer. 

Volatility of stock price 

Risk free interest rate 

Debt yield 

Remaining term (years) 

18 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report to Akoustis, 
the Company, we, us, and our refer to Akoustis Technologies, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements that relate to our plans, objectives, estimates, and goals. Any and all statements contained in this report that are not statements
of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Terms such as may, will, might, 
 would, should, could, project, estimate, predict, 
 potential, strategy, anticipate, attempt, develop, plan, 
 help, seek, believe, continue, intend, expect, future, 
and terms of similar import (including the negative of any of the foregoing) may identify forward-looking statements. However, not all
forward-looking statements may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for future operations, including plans or objectives
relating to the development of commercially viable radio frequency RF filters, (ii) projections of income (including income/loss),
earnings (including earnings/loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, (iii) our future
financial performance, including any such statement contained in this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition
or in the results of operations included pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
(iv) our ability to efficiently utilize cash and cash equivalents to support our operations for a given period of time, (v) our ability
to engage customers while maintaining ownership of our intellectual property, and (vi) the assumptions underlying or relating to any statement
described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above. 

Forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be realized
because they are based upon our current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates, and assumptions and are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of certain
events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties.
Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or cause actual results to differ materially
from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, if we do not arrange financing in the near term or timely appeal recent
judgments and awards issued by the Delaware District Court, we will be forced to seek protection by filing a voluntary petition for relief
under the bankruptcy code; our limited operating history; our inability to generate revenues or achieve profitability; the impact of conflicts
in Ukraine and the Middle East, global pandemics such as COVID-19 and other sources of volatility on our operations, financial condition
and the worldwide economy, including our ability to access the capital markets; increases in prices for raw materials, labor, and fuel
caused by rising inflation; our inability to obtain adequate financing and sustain our status as a going concern; the results of our research
and development R D activities; our inability to achieve acceptance of our products in the market; general economic
conditions, including upturns and downturns in the industry; existing or increased competition; our inability to successfully scale our
New York wafer fabrication facility and related operations while maintaining quality control and assurance and avoiding delays in output;
contracting with customers and other parties with greater bargaining power and agreeing to terms and conditions that may adversely affect
our business; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions will not be realized in full or at all or may
take longer to realize than expected; the possibility that costs or difficulties related to the integration of acquired businesses 
operations will be greater than expected and the possibility of disruptions to our business during integration efforts and strain on management
time and resources; risks related to doing business in foreign countries, including rising tensions between the United States and China;
any cybersecurity breaches or other disruptions compromising our proprietary information and exposing us to liability; our limited number
of patents; failure to obtain, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights; claims of infringement, misappropriation or misuse
of third party intellectual property, including the lawsuit filed by Qorvo, Inc. in October 2021, that, regardless of merit, has resulted
in significant expense and a large jury award and related awards in respect of attorney s fees and pre- and post-judgment interest
in favor of Qorvo; the impact of recent departures of executive officers and directors and our inability to attract and retain qualified
personnel; the results of any arbitration or litigation that may arise; our reliance on third parties to complete certain processes in
connection with the manufacture of our products; product quality and defects; our inability to successfully manufacture, market and sell
products based on our technologies; our ability to market and sell our products; our failure to innovate or adapt to new or emerging technologies,
including in relation to our competitors; our failure to comply with regulatory requirements; stock volatility and illiquidity; our failure
to implement our business plans or strategies; our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; our failure
to obtain or maintain a Trusted Foundry accreditation or our New York fabrication facility; and shortages in supplies needed to manufacture
our products, or needed by our customers to manufacture devices incorporating our products. 

These and other risks and uncertainties, which are described in more
detail in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October
8, 2024, as amended October 11, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report ), could cause our actual results to differ materially from
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements because of the risks and uncertainties related to them. Except as may be required by law, we do not undertake any obligation
to update the forward-looking statements contained in this report to reflect any new information or future events or circumstances or
otherwise. 

19 

Overview 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
was incorporated in 2013. The Company is focused on developing, designing, and manufacturing innovative RF filter solutions for the wireless
industry, including for products such as smartphones and tablets, network infrastructure equipment, Wi-Fi Customer Premise Equipment CPE and defense applications. Filters are critical in selecting and rejecting signals, and their performance enables differentiation in the
modules defining the RF front-end RFFE ). Located between the device s antenna and its digital backend, the RFFE is
the circuitry that performs the analog signal processing and contains components such as amplifiers, filters and switches. We have developed
a proprietary microelectromechanical system MEMS based bulk acoustic wave BAW technology and a unique
manufacturing process flow, called XBAW , for our filters produced for use in RFFE modules. Our XBAW 
 filters incorporate optimized high purity piezoelectric materials for high power, high frequency and wide bandwidth operation. We
are developing RF Filters for 5G, Wi-Fi and defense bands using our proprietary resonator device models and product design kits (PDKs).
As we qualify our RF filter products, we are engaging with target customers to evaluate our filter solutions. 

Our initial designs have targeted UHB, sub 7 GHz 5G, Wi-Fi and defense
bands. We expect our filter solutions will address problems (such as loss, bandwidth, power handling, and isolation) created by the growing
number of frequency bands in the RFFE of mobile devices, infrastructure and premise equipment to support 5G, and Wi-Fi. We have prototyped,
sampled and begun commercial shipment of our single-band low loss BAW filter designs for 5G frequency bands and 5 GHz and 6 GHz Wi-Fi
bands which are suited to competitive BAW solutions and historically cannot be addressed with low-band, lower power handling surface acoustic
wave SAW technology. Additionally, through our wholly owned subsidiary, RFMi, of which we acquired majority ownership
in October 2021 and full ownership in April 2023, we operate a fabless business whereby we make sales of complementary SAW resonators,
RF filters, crystal Xtal resonators and oscillators, and ceramic products addressing opportunities in multiple end
markets, such as automotive and industrial applications. We also offer back end semiconductor supply chain services through our wholly
owned subsidiary, GDSI, which we acquired in January 2023. 

We own and/or have filed applications for patents
on the core resonator device technology, manufacturing facility and intellectual property IP necessary to produce our
RF filter chips and operate as a pure-play RF filter supplier, providing discrete filter solutions direct to Original Equipment
Manufacturers OEMs and aligning with the front- end module manufacturers that seek to acquire high performance filters
to expand their module businesses. We believe this business model is the most direct and efficient means of delivering our solutions to
the market. 

Technology . Our device technology
is based upon bulk-mode acoustic resonance, which we believe is superior to surface-mode resonance for high-band and ultra-high- band UHB applications that include 4G/LTE, 5G, Wi-Fi, and defense applications. Although some of our target customers utilize
or manufacture the RFFE module, they may lack access to critical UHB filter technology that we produce, which is necessary to compete
in high frequency applications. 

Manufacturing . We currently
manufacture Akoustis high-performance RF filter circuits, using our first generation XBAW wafer process, in our
125,000-square foot wafer-manufacturing facility located in Canandaigua, New York (the NY Facility ), which we acquired in
June 2017. Our SAW-based RF filter products are manufactured by a third party and sold either directly or through a sales distributor. 

Intellectual Property. As of
October 31, 2024, our IP portfolio included 97 patents, including a blocking patent that we have licensed from Cornell University. Additionally,
as of October 31, 2024, we have 31 pending patent applications. These patents cover our XBAW RF filter technology from
raw materials through the system architectures. Given the significance of the Company s intellectual property to its business, the
Company enforces its intellectual property rights and protects its patent portfolio, which may include filing lawsuits against companies
that the Company believes are infringing upon its patents. The Company considers protecting its intellectual property rights to be central
to its business model and competitive position in the RF filter industry. 

By designing, manufacturing, and marketing our
RF filter products to mobile phone OEMs, defense OEMs, network infrastructure OEMs, and Wi-Fi CPE OEMs, we seek to enable broader competition
among the front-end module manufacturers. 

Since we own and/or have filed applications for
patents on the core technology and control access to our intellectual property, we expect to offer several ways to engage with potential
customers. First, we intend to engage with multiple wireless markets, providing standardized filters that we design and offer as standard
catalog components. Second, we expect to deliver unique filters to customer-supplied specifications, which we will design and fabricate
on a customized basis. Finally, we may offer our models and design kits for our customers to design their own filters utilizing our proprietary
technology. 

We expect to continue to incur substantial costs
for commercialization of our technology on a continuous basis because our business model involves materials and solid-state device technology
development and engineering of catalog and custom filter design solutions. To succeed across our combined portfolio of Akoustis, XBAW,
and RFMi products, we must convince customers in a wide range of industries including mobile phone OEMs, RFFE module manufacturers, network
infrastructure OEMs, WiFi CPE OEMs, medical device makers, and defense customers to use our products in their systems and modules.
For example, since there are two dominant BAW filter suppliers in the industry that have high-band technology, and both utilize such technology
as a competitive advantage at the module level, we expect customers that lack access to high-band filter technology will be open to engage
with our company for XBAW filters. 

20 

To help drive our XBAW filter business, we plan
to continue to pursue RF filter design and R D development agreements and potentially joint ventures with target customers and other
strategic partners, although we cannot guarantee we will be successful in these efforts. These types of arrangements may subsidize technology
development costs and qualification, filter design costs, and offer complementary technology and market intelligence and other avenues
to revenue. However, we intend to retain ownership of our core XBAW technology, intellectual property, designs, and related improvements.
Across our combined portfolio of Akoustis, XBAW, and RFMi products, we expect to continue development of catalog designs for multiple
customers and to offer such catalog products in multiple sales channels. 

Business Environment and Current Trends 

Impact of New Export Control Regulations 

On October 17, 2023, the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry
and Security BIS announced updates to export control regulations, originally issued on October 7, 2022, regarding the
sale of certain products and services related to advanced computing items, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and items that can support
end uses related to the development and production of advanced-node integrated circuits and semiconductor manufacturing equipment, among
others. The updated rules modify and expand restrictions on the sale of products and the provision of certain services by U.S. persons
to some companies and domestic fabs located in certain countries, including China, without prior U.S. governmental authorization. 

Semiconductor Shortages and Supply Chain Issues 

The global silicon semiconductor industry is experiencing
a shortage in supply and difficulties in ability to meet customer demand. This shortage has led to an increase in lead-times of production
of semiconductor chips and components. As our business depends in significant part upon manufacturers of products requiring semiconductors,
as well as the current and anticipated production of these products, we have sought to manage the impact of supply shortages though carefully
maintaining and increasing key inventory levels. In some cases, we have incurred higher costs to secure available inventory, or have extended
our purchase commitments or placed non-cancellable orders with suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions
are inaccurate. We believe the global supply chain challenges and their adverse impact on our business and financial results will persist
through calendar year 2024. We expect these constrained supply conditions to increase our costs of goods sold and increase uncertainty
with respect to the timing of delivery of specific customer orders. 

Recent Developments 

On August 13, 2024, we announced an additional
purchase order for 13 million XBAW filters from our existing Tier-1 customer for use in their Wi-Fi Access Points raising production
commitments to greater than 21 million, plus a customer option to increase order quantities. 

On September 9, 2024, the District Court issued
an Order Granting in Part and Denying in Part Plaintiff s Motion for Attorneys Fees (the Attorneys Fees Order ).
The Attorneys Fees Order awarded Qorvo approximately 11.7 million in attorneys fees (the Attorneys Fees Award ). 

On September 10, 2024, the District Court issued an Order on Pre- and
Post-Judgment Interest (the Judgment Interest Order . The Judgment Interest Order awarded Qorvo approximately 7.3 million
(the Judgment Interest Award and, collectively with the Damages Award and the Attorneys Fees Award, the Awards ). 

On October 11, 2024, the District Court issued
an order granting in part and denying in part Qorvo s motion for permanent injunctive relief, and immediately after entered its
Permanent Injunction (the Injunction Order ). The Injunction Order provides that: 

the Company is permanently enjoined from possessing any confidential
information copied or derived from certain trade secrets that the jury found the Company to have misappropriated Qorvo Trade
Secret Information ), selling or distributing any product made using Qorvo Trade Secret Information, and promoting or otherwise
providing services that use Qorvo Trade Secret Information; 

21 

the Company is required to engage, at its expense, an e-discovery
vendor to assist with the identification, collection and removal of any Qorvo confidential information and Qorvo Trade Secret Information
from any of the Company s databases, document management systems, email accounts, computers and other storage media, and paper
files; 

for a period of four years from the issuance of the Order,
Qorvo will have the right to conduct audits of the Company through an independent third party, a maximum of once per calendar year, with
the expense of such audits to be split evenly between the Company and Qorvo (unless an audit shows a violation of the Injunctive Order,
in which case the Company will bear the full cost of such audit). The audit rights terminate after two years if no violations are found
in the first two years; and 

the Company is permanently enjoined from making, using or
selling in the United States, or importing into the United States, certain Company products found by the jury to infringe the two asserted
Qorvo patents, or any products not more than colorably different than such products. 

On October 15, 2024, the District Court denied Qorvo s post-trial motion seeking to amend the jury s finding that the Company
did not violate the North Carolina Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices Act (the UDTPA and instead award Qorvo treble damages
for the Company s alleged UDTPA violation. 

On October 31, 2024, the District Court denied the Company s post-trial motions seeking to (i) overturn the jury s damages
award for trade secret misappropriation and (ii) obtain a new trial on liability for patent infringement and regarding damages for trade
secret misappropriation (or in the alternative, remittitur regarding such damages). 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

There have been no material changes to our critical
accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, included in our 2024 Annual Report. 

Results of Operations 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

Revenue 

The Company recorded revenue of 9.0 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 7.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 2.0
million was primarily due to an increase in fabrication service revenue by 2.4 million or 55.9 offset by a decrease in service revenue
of 0.4 million or 15.1 . 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue includes direct labor, material, net
realizable value (NRV) adjustments, and facility costs primarily associated with manufacturing of filter products and engineering services.
The Company recorded cost of revenue of 4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 8.1 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2023. The 3.4 million decrease is primarily due to costs associated with RF product revenue which decreased
by 3.3 million as well as costs associated with fabrication services revenue which decreased by 0.1 million. 

Research and Development Expenses 

R D expenses were 2.7 million for the three months ended September
30, 2024, as compared to 10.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 7.6 million or 74.0 . Personnel costs,
including stock-based compensation, were 0.8 million compared to 4.8 million in the prior year period, a decrease of 4.0 million or
82.9 . Facility costs, including depreciation, of 1.7 million primarily associated with the NY Facility were 1.2 million lower than
the prior period. Lastly, R D material costs were 2.1 million lower than the prior period. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative G A expenses include salaries and wages for executive and administrative staff, stock-based compensation, professional fees, insurance costs
and other general costs associated with the administration of our business. G A expenses for the three months ended September 30,
2024 were 6.9 million, which is a decrease of 3.3 million compared to the 10.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.
Year-over-year changes within G A expenses include a decrease in employee compensation (including stock-based compensation) of 3.0
million and a decrease in legal fees of 1.1 million offset by an increase in other professional services of 1.2 million. 

22 

Other (Expense)/Income 

Other expense for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 1.1 million, compared to other income of 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The expense increase
of 2.6 million was comprised of a reduction in the gain related to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 2.0 million
and an increase in interest expense of 0.2 million and an increase in litigation related contingent liability of 0.4 million. 

Net Loss 

The Company recorded a net loss of 6.4 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 20.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The
period-over-period reduction in loss of 13.7 million, or 68.1 , was primarily driven by an increase in sales of 2.0 million, a decrease
in cost of revenue of 3.4 million, a decrease in G A expenses of 3.3 million and a decrease in R D expenses of 7.6 million.
These expense decreases were partially offset by a decrease in other income of 2.6 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

We are experiencing financial and operating challenges.
In the absence of additional financing or our timely appeal of the recent judgment and awards relating to the Qorvo Litigation, we will
be forced to seek protection by filing a voluntary petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code. 

The Company has incurred losses and negative cash
flow from operations since inception. Our operations thus far have been funded primarily with sales of equity and debt securities, as
well as contract research and government grants, revenue from customers, foundry services and engineering services. In November 2023,
we announced that we had undertaken significant expense reductions and cost-saving measures to reduce our operating cash flow burn. As
a result of these cost-savings initiatives, the operating expenditures supporting the future growth of our manufacturing capabilities
and expansion of our product offerings have decreased, along with decreases in research and development and headcount costs. 

The Company s short-term and long-term liquidity
requirements primarily arise from funding (i) research and development expenses, (ii) general and administrative G A expenses including salaries, bonuses, commissions and stock-based compensation, (iii) working capital requirements, (iv) business acquisitions
and investments we may make from time to time and a note payable issued in connection with our acquisition of GDSI, and (v) interest and
principal payments related to our 44.0 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding convertible notes. Additionally, due to the
outcome of the Qorvo Litigation and the judgments against the Company for damages and legal fees, the Company s liquidity is severely
constrained. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from
the date of this filing 

Balance Sheet and Working Capital 

The Company had 12.1 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand
as of September 30, 2024, which reflects a decrease of 12.3 million compared to 24.4 million as of June 30, 2024. The decrease is primarily
due to cash used in operations of 8.1 million, cash used for investing activities of 0.2 million, and cash used for financing activities
of 4.1 million. In the absence of additional liquidity, the Company anticipates that its existing cash resources, with a continued focus
on cash conservation, is sufficient to fund its operations into the third quarter of fiscal 2025. However, the Company has historically
incurred recurring operating losses and will continue to do so until it generates sufficient revenues from operations; as a result, we
need to obtain additional capital through the sale of additional equity securities, debt, or otherwise, to fund operations past that date.
There is no assurance that the Company s projections and estimates are accurate. The Company is actively managing and controlling
the Company s cash outflows to mitigate liquidity risks, however these efforts may not be successful. 

September 30, 2024 compared to June 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had current
assets of 25.7 million, made up primarily of cash on hand of 12.1 million. As of June 30, 2024, current assets were 36.8 million comprised
primarily of cash on hand of 24.4 million. 

Property, Plant and Equipment was 12.4 million
as of September 30, 2024 as compared to a balance of 12.9 million as of June 30, 2024. 

Total assets as of September 30, 2024 and June
30, 2024 were 57.4 million and 69.7 million, respectively. 

23 

Current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and June
30, 2024 were 80.1 million and 84.4 million, respectively. 

Long-term liabilities totaled 42.5 million as of
September 30, 2024, compared to 42.5 million as of June 30, 2024. 

Stockholders equity was a deficit of 65.2
million as of September 30, 2024, compared to a deficit of 57.1 million as of June 30, 2024, an increase in the deficit of 8.1 million,
or 14.2 . This increase in deficit was primarily due to the net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 6.4 million along
with a decrease in additional paid-in-capital APIC of 1.7 million. The decrease in APIC was primarily due to stock-based
compensation. 

Cash Flow Analysis 

Operating activities used cash of 12.2 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 13.1 million during the comparative period ended September 30, 2023. 

Investing activities used cash of 0.2 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4.2 million for the comparative period ended September 30, 2023. Investing activities
for the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of purchases of property, plant and equipment. 

There were no financing activities during the three
months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We conducted an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer) of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024. Based
on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective as of such date due to the material weaknesses described below with respect to our internal control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As
previously disclosed in our 2024 Annual Report, and based on our evaluation as of September 30, 2024, we identified the following
material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls: 

- A material weakness in the design and implementation of access
security and program change management controls for certain financially relevant systems that ensure appropriate access to data and adequate
system changes. 

- A material weakness in the design of a control as relates
to the precision of the control with respect to accrual of invoices in the appropriate accounting period. 

Remediation Plan 

IT Access and Change Controls : During the
first quarter of fiscal year 2025, controls were designed and implemented to enhance control over financial system access as well as enhanced
system change management controls. These controls will be tested for design and operating effectiveness during fiscal year 2025. 

Invoice Accrual Review : During the first
quarter of fiscal year 2025, controls were designed and implemented to mitigate risks related to the precision of the control with respect
to the accrual of invoices in the appropriate accounting period. These controls will be tested for design and operating effectiveness
during fiscal year 2025. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the mitigating controls referenced above, during the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations and prospects. 

Except for the matters described under Litigation,
Claims and Assessments in Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the condensed consolidated financial
statements in this Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which description is incorporated in Item 1. Legal
Proceedings by reference, we are currently not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which
any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

In addition to the risk factors set forth below
and the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. These factors could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital position, and could cause our actual results to differ
materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Except
as disclosed below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , 
included in our 2024 Annual Report. 

We have a history of operating losses and
will need to raise significant additional capital to continue our business and operations. Additionally, the Qorvo Litigation resulted
in a verdict against the Company, awarding Qorvo approximately 38.6 million in damages, and the District Court has since awarded Qorvo
approximately 11.7 million in attorneys fees and approximately 7.3 million in pre- and post-judgment interest, which has severely
constrained our liquidity. Unless we arrange financing in the near term, or timely appeal the verdict and fee awards, we will be forced
to seek protection by filing a voluntary petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code, which would have a material adverse effect on
our business and could cause you to lose all of your investment. 

We are experiencing financial and operating challenges. As of September 30, 2024, we had 12.1 million of cash and cash equivalents compared
to 79.7 million of current liabilities, resulting in negative working capital. Current liabilities include a litigation related contingent
liability in respect of an adverse judgment against the Company in the Qorvo Litigation awarding Qorvo approximately 38.6 million in
damages and subsequently issued orders awarding Qorvo approximately 11.7 million in attorneys fees and approximately 7.4 million
in pre- and post-judgment interest. On October 31, 2024, the District Court denied the Company Post-Trial Motions. The verdict in the
Qorvo Litigation together with the related awards and the denial of the Company Post-Trial Motions have created significant uncertainty
regarding the Company s financial condition and prospects. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact of the verdict and the
related awards on its business, results of operations, and financial condition; however, unless the Company arranges financing or timely
appeals the District Court s judgment and awards, which may require the Company s posting an undertaking (such as an appeal
bond), the Company will be required to seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws, resulting in our stockholders losing some or
all of their investment. 

We have been subject to claims of infringement,
misappropriation or misuse of third party intellectual property that have resulted in significant expense and severe disruption to our
business, and we may become subject to similar claims in the future. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by
the vigorous pursuit and protection of intellectual property rights. We have not undertaken a comprehensive review of the rights of third
parties in our field. From time to time, we may be named in lawsuits or receive notices or inquiries from third parties regarding
our products or the manner in which we conduct our business suggesting that we may be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise misusing
patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights. Any claims that our technology infringes, misappropriates
or otherwise misuses the rights of third parties, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be expensive to litigate or settle and
could divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel, cause significant delays and materially disrupt the
conduct of our business. We may not prevail in such proceedings given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual
property litigation. If such proceedings result in an adverse outcome, we could be required to: 

pay substantial damages, including treble damages
if we were held to have willfully infringed; 

25 

cease the manufacture, offering for sale or sale
of the infringing technology or processes; 

expend significant resources to develop non-infringing
technology or processes; 

obtain a license from a third party, which may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or may not be available at all; or 

lose the opportunity to license our technology
to others or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our intellectual property against others. 

As described under Litigation, Claims and Assessments in Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of
the condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Qorvo Litigation has resulted
in a verdict against the Company awarding Qorvo a substantial amount of damages and the District Court has subsequently awarded Qorvo
attorneys fees and pre- and post-judgment interest, which has several constrained our liquidity and will likely cause us to file
for protection under the Bankruptcy Code. The District Court has also granted a permanent injunction, which places certain restrictions
on the Company s ability to sell products found by the jury to infringe the two asserted Qorvo patents and also grants certain inspection
and audit rights to Qorvo to ensure compliance with the injunction. The District Court also denied the Company s post-trial motions
seeking to (i) overturn the jury s damages award for trade secret misappropriation and (ii) obtain a new trial on liability for
patent infringement and regarding damages for trade secret misappropriation (or in the alternative, remittitur regarding such damages).
Additionally, as described under Note 14, the Company has filed a complaint against Qorvo in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District
of Texas alleging infringement by Qorvo of certain Company patents. 

The litigation described above has been prolonged and costly and resulted in significant expenses, diversion of management and technical
personnel attention and disruptions and delays in the Company s business and product development, and other collateral consequences,
all of which has had a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any out-of-court settlement
of the above matters or other actions may also have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results
of operations, including, but not limited to, substantial expenses, the payment of royalties, licensing or other fees payable to third
parties, or restrictions on its ability to develop, manufacture, and sell its products. 

From time to time, the Company may become involved
in other lawsuits, investigations, and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses
against such other pending claims and intends to vigorously pursue them. While it is not possible to predict or determine the outcomes
of any such other pending actions, the Company believes the amount of liability, if any, with respect to such other pending actions, would
not materially affect its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In addition, our agreements with prospective
customers and manufacturing partners may require us to indemnify such customers and manufacturing partners for third party intellectual
property infringement claims. Pursuant to such agreements, we may be required to defend such customers and manufacturing partners against
certain claims that could cause us to incur additional costs. While we endeavor to include as part of such indemnification obligations
a provision permitting us to assume the defense of any indemnification claim, not all of our current agreements contain such a provision
and we cannot provide any assurance that our future agreements will contain such a provision, which could result in increased exposure
to us in the case of an indemnification claim. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

The Company did not sell any unregistered securities during the period
covered by this report. 

26 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

The exhibits in the Exhibit Index below are filed
or furnished, as applicable, as part of this report. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Conversion of the Company, as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Conversion of the Company, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2019) 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Independent Director Engagement Agreement between the Company and Director 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101 
 
 Interactive Data Files of Financial Statements and Notes 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Kenneth E. Boller 

Kenneth E. Boller 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

28 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea021890701ex10-1_akoustis.htm
 FORM OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DIRECTOR

Exhibit 10.1 

INDEPENDENT
DIRECTOR ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS DIRECTOR ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement is made as of [___], by and between Akoustis Technologies, Inc. (the Company ),
and [___] Director ). 

BACKGROUND 

WHEREAS, Director has
no prior or current affiliation, material business, or relationship, direct or indirect, with the Company or its affiliates, or its equity
holders and, and, therefore, is capable of being an independent and disinterested director of the Company. 

WHEREAS, the Company
desires and has requested that Director serve as an independent and disinterested director of the Company. 

WHEREAS, the Company
and Director are entering into this Agreement to induce Director to serve in the capacity set forth above and to set forth certain understandings
between the parties. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE , in
consideration of the mutual agreements and promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Company and Director hereby agree as follows: 

1. DUTIES .
Director agrees to (i) serve as an independent and disinterested director of the Company and to be available to perform the duties consistent
with such position pursuant to the Company s organizational documents (all as amended from time to time, the Organizational
Documents and the laws of such organizational documents; (ii) serve as a member of the Board of Directors of any of the Company s
subsidiaries (each a Subsidiary Board of Directors ), as may be requested from time to time by the Company s
Board of Directors; and (iii) serve as a member of one or more committees of the Board of Directors or a Subsidiary Board of Directors
as may be requested from time to time by the Company or a majority of the Board of Directors and for which Director is qualified to serve.
Director agrees to devote as much time as is reasonably necessary to perform completely the duties as an independent and disinterested
director of the Company. By execution of this Agreement, Director accepts his appointment or election as an independent and disinterested
director of the Company and agrees to serve in such capacity until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until the expiration
or termination of this Agreement or Director s earlier death, incapacitation, resignation or removal. The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that Director is being engaged to serve as an independent and disinterested director of the Company only and is not being engaged
to serve, and shall not serve, the Company in any other capacity. 

2. TERM. 
The term of this Agreement shall continue until such time as Director s successor is duly elected and qualified or Director s
earlier death, resignation or removal, in accordance with and to the extent permitted by the Organizational Documents, in which event
this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of such election and qualification or earlier death, resignation or removal, except as specifically
provided herein. 

3. COMPENSATION .
For all services to be rendered by Director hereunder, and so long as Director is serving as a director of the Company, the Company agrees
to pay, or to cause one or more of its subsidiaries to pay, Director a monthly fee of [___] for each month, payable upon execution of
this Agreement without pro ration and payable in advance each month on or before the first day of each month thereafter. In addition,
Director shall be entitled to a [___] per diem payable for each day that the Director is being deposed, required to be available
to testify in court and/or spending more than four hours on such day preparing for a deposition or court appearance (whether or not Director
is at such time a Director of the Company, so long as the subject matter of such activity relates to the Company and Director s
actions, duties and obligations related thereto). The final sentence of this Section 3 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

4. EXPENSES .
In addition to the compensation provided in Section 3 hereof, the Company will reimburse or will cause one or more of its subsidiaries
to reimburse Director for reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in good faith in the performance of Director s
duties as a director of the Company. Such payments shall be made by the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries upon submission by
the Director of a statement itemizing the expenses incurred with such statement including sufficient documentation to support the expenditures. 

5. CONFIDENTIALITY .
The Company and Director each acknowledge that in order for Director to perform his duties as an independent and disinterested director
of the Company, Director shall necessarily be obtaining access to certain confidential information concerning the Company and its affiliates,
including, but not limited to business methods, information systems, financial data and strategic plans which are unique assets of the
Company or its affiliates (whether or not marked as confidential or proprietary, Confidential Information ). Director
covenants that he shall not, either directly or indirectly, in any manner, utilize or disclose to any person, firm, corporation, association
or other entity any Confidential Information, except (i) as required by law, (ii) pursuant to a subpoena or order issued by a court, governmental
body, agency or official, or (iii) to the extent such information (A) is generally known to the public, (B) was known to Director prior
to its disclosure to Director by the Company, (C) was obtained by Director from a third party which, to Director s knowledge, was
not prohibited from disclosing such information to Director pursuant to any contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation, or (D) was independently
derived by Director without any use of Confidential Information. Director shall provide notice to the Company as is reasonably practicable
prior to any disclosure under (i) or (ii) above and shall cooperate with the Company to limit disclosure of Confidential Information to
the extent reasonably practicable. This Section 5 shall continue in effect after Director has ceased acting as an independent and
disinterested director of the Company. 

2 

6. INDEMNIFICATION . 

(a) Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Section 6 , the term: 

Applicable Law 
 means the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Expenses 
 means all expenses, liabilities and losses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, retainers, expert and witness fees, disbursements
and expenses of counsel, judgments, fines, excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred or suffered by Director or on Director s behalf in connection with a Proceeding. 

Proceeding 
 means any threatened, pending, actual or completed action, suit, inquiry or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, whether public or private, and, including any such threatened, pending, actual or completed action, suit, inquiry or proceeding
by or in the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Companies ). 

(b) Indemnification.
 In the event that Director was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved (including, without limitation,
as a witness) in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that Director or a person of whom Director is the legal representative of is or
was an independent and disinterested director of any of the Companies (whether before or after the date hereof) and, whether the basis
of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as an independent and disinterested director or in any other capacity while
serving as an independent and disinterested director of any of the Companies, the Companies shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and
hold harmless Director to the fullest extent authorized by Applicable Law or any other applicable law or rule, but no less than to the
extent set forth herein, against all Expenses; provided , however , that the Companies shall indemnify Director only if Director
acted in good faith and in a manner Director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Companies and, in
the case of criminal Proceedings, Director had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; provided, further , that
no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Director shall have been adjudged to be liable to
the Companies in any Proceeding by or in the right of any of the Companies unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware or the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication
of liability but in view of all of the circumstances of the case, Director is fairly and reasonably entitled to be indemnified for such
Expenses as the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or such other court shall deem proper; and provided , further ,
that the Companies shall, jointly and severally, indemnify Director in connection with a Proceeding (or claim or part thereof) initiated
by Director only if (i) such Proceeding is a suit or other action seeking to enforce Director s right to advancement of expenses
and/or indemnification under this Agreement or (ii) such Proceeding (or claim or part thereof) was authorized by the directors of the
Companies. 

3 

(c) Presumptions. 
In the event that, under Applicable Law, the entitlement of Director to be indemnified hereunder shall depend upon whether Director shall
have acted in good faith and in a manner Director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Companies and
with respect to criminal Proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe Director s conduct was unlawful, or shall have acted in
accordance with some other defined standard of conduct, or whether fees and disbursements of counsel and other costs and amounts are reasonable,
the burden of proof of establishing that Director has not acted in accordance with such standard and that such costs and amounts are unreasonable
shall rest with the Companies, and Director shall be presumed to have acted in accordance with such standard, such costs and amounts shall
be conclusively presumed to be reasonable and Director shall be entitled to indemnification unless, and only unless, based upon clear
and convincing evidence, it shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (after exhaustion or expiration of the time for filing
of all appeals) that Director has not met such standard or, with respect to the amount of indemnification, that such costs and amounts
are not reasonable (in which case Director shall be indemnified to the extent such costs and amounts are determined by such court to be
reasonable) . 

In addition, and without in
any way limiting the provisions of this Section 6(c) , Director shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner
Director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Companies or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding
to have had no reasonable cause to believe Director s conduct was unlawful, if Director s action is based on (i) information
supplied to Director by the officers of the Companies in the course of his duties, (ii) the advice of legal counsel for the Companies
or (iii) information or records given or reports made to the Companies by an independent certified public accountant, an appraiser, a
financial advisor, an investment banker or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Companies. 

The provisions of this Section 6(c) 
shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which Director may be deemed to have met the applicable
standard of conduct, if applicable, under Applicable Law. 

(d) Indemnification
When Wholly or Partly Successful. Without limiting the scope of indemnification provided in Section 6(b) , to the extent that
Director is a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, Director shall be indemnified to the maximum
extent permitted by Applicable Law against all Expenses. If Director is not wholly successful in a Proceeding but is successful, on the
merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Companies shall, jointly and
severally, indemnify Director against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Director and on Director s behalf in connection
with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter, and shall otherwise indemnify Director to the extent required by Section 6(b) .
All Expenses shall be presumed to be have been incurred with respect to successfully resolved claims, issues and matters unless, and only
unless, based upon clear and convincing evidence (with the burden of proof being on the Companies), it shall be determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction (after exhaustion or expiration of the time for filing of all appeals) that a portion of such Expenses were
incurred with respect to unsuccessfully resolved claims, issues or matters. For purposes of this Section 6(d) and without
limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in any Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to
be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

4 

(e) Suit to Recover
Indemnification. If a claim under Section 6(b) or Section 6(h) of this Agreement is not paid in full by the
Companies within thirty days after a written claim has been received by the Companies, Director may at any time thereafter bring suit
against the Companies to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. It shall be a defense to any such suit (other than a suit brought to
enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking has
been tendered to the Companies) that Director has not met the standards of conduct, if applicable, which make it permissible under Applicable
Law for the Companies to indemnify Director for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense and its applicability shall
be on the Companies and may be met only by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Companies (including their directors
(or equivalent) or equity holders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of Director
is proper in the circumstances because Director has met the standard of conduct, if applicable, under Applicable Law, nor an actual determination
by the Companies (including their directors (or equivalent) or equity holders) that Director has not met such applicable standard of conduct,
shall be a defense to the suit or create a presumption that Director has not met the applicable standard of conduct. The expenses incurred
by Director in bringing such suit (whether or not Director is successful) shall be paid by the Companies unless a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that each of the material assertions made by Director in such suit was not made in good faith and was frivolous. 

(f) Rights Not Exclusive;
Rights Continue. The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final
disposition conferred in this Agreement shall not be exclusive of, or limit in any manner whatsoever, any other right which Director may
have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Organizational Documents, agreement, vote of equity holders or otherwise.
The indemnification, expense advancement and other rights of Director herein shall continue after Director ceases to be an independent
and disinterested director of the Company for so long as Director may be subject to any possible claim for which he would be entitled
to indemnification under this Agreement or otherwise as a matter of law, and shall not be amended, modified, terminated, revoked or otherwise
altered without Director s prior written consent. 

(g) Insurance.
 The Company or one of its affiliates (which, in the case of an affiliate, shall include coverage of directors of the Company) shall
maintain insurance to protect the Company and any manager, director or trustee of the Company against any expense, liability or loss,
and such insurance shall cover Director to at least the same extent as any other director of the Company; provided that the Company
shall maintain insurance in form substantially similar to, and in amount not less than, the insurance maintained by the Company as of
the date hereof. Director shall have the right to receive a copy of any policy for such insurance upon request. 

(h) Advancement
of Defense Costs. Notwithstanding anything in the Organizational Documents to the contrary, the Company shall also promptly pay Director
the expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition without requiring any preliminary
determination of the ultimate entitlement of Director to indemnification; provided , however , the payment of such expenses
so incurred by Director in advance of the final disposition of any Proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Company of an unsecured
undertaking in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A by or on behalf of Director, to repay (without interest) all amounts so advanced
if it shall ultimately be determined that Director is not entitled to be indemnified under this Agreement or law. 

5 

(i) Subrogation.
 In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of Director, who shall, at the Company s expense, execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such
rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(j) No Duplication
of Payments. The Companies shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Proceeding against
Director to the extent Director has otherwise actually received payment (under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, the Organizational
Documents, or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 

(k) Contribution.
 If the indemnification provided in Section 6(b) and the advancement provided in Section 6(h) should under Applicable
Law be unenforceable or insufficient to hold Director harmless in respect of any and all Expenses with respect to any Proceeding, then
the Companies shall, subject to the provisions of this Section 6(k) and for purposes of this Section 6(k) only, upon written
notice from Director, be treated as if they were parties who are or were threatened to be made parties to such Proceeding (if not already
parties), and the Companies shall contribute to Director the amount of Expenses incurred by Director in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits accruing to the Companies and all of their directors, trustees, managers, officers, employees and agents
(other than Director) treated as one entity on the one hand, and Director on the other, which arose out of the event(s) underlying such
Proceeding, and the relative fault of the Companies and all of their directors, trustees, managers, officers, employees and agents (other
than Director) treated as one entity on the one hand, and Director on the other, in connection with such event(s), as well as any other
relevant equitable considerations. 

No provision of this Section
6(k) shall (i) operate to create a right of contribution in favor of Director if it is judicially determined that, with respect to
any Proceeding, Director failed to act in good faith and in a manner Director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interest of the Companies or, in the case of criminal Proceedings, Director had reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful or
(ii) limit Director s rights to indemnification and advancement of Expenses, whether under this Agreement
or otherwise. 

The Companies hereby waive
any right of contribution from Director for Expenses incurred by the Companies with respect to any Proceeding in which the Companies are
or are threatened to be made a party. The Companies shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Companies are jointly
liable with Director (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims
asserted against Director and does not contain an admission of wrongdoing by Director. 

7. INFORMATION. 
The Company shall provide Director with financial, operational and legal information as reasonably requested by Director, and shall make
its management, advisors and counsel available to discuss the business and operations of the Company upon Director s reasonable
request. To the best of the Company s knowledge, the information with respect to the Company will be true and correct in all material
respects and will not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained
therein not misleading. The Company shall advise Director of any material event or change in the business, affairs, condition (financial
or otherwise) or prospects of the Company that occurs during the term of this Agreement. 

6 

8. EFFECT
OF WAIVER . The waiver by either party of the breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed as a waiver
of any subsequent breach thereof. 

9. GOVERNING
LAW . This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the rights of the parties hereto shall be determined by, the laws
of the State of Delaware without reference to its conflicts of laws principles. 

10. ASSIGNMENT .
The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall not be transferable except by operation of law without Director s
consent, and all the covenants and agreements hereunder shall insure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors
and assigns. The Company shall not affect any proposed merger, consolidation, sale, exchange, dividend or other distribution or liquidation
of all or substantially all of its assets that does not explicitly or by operation of law provide for the assumption of the obligations
of the Company set forth herein without Director s consent. The duties and obligations of Director under this Agreement are personal
and therefore Director may not assign any right or duty under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 

11. BINDING
EFFECT; SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by each of the
parties hereto and their respective successors, permitted assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation
or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), heirs and personal legal representatives. The Company
shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all,
substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Director, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company
would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

12. DISCLOSURE . Director
may, at his option and expense and after announcement of any transaction or following the end of the term of this Agreement, publicize
his role for the Company (which may include the reproduction of the logo of the Company and a hyperlink to the website of the Company)
in his marketing materials or other advertising materials as he may choose, stating that he has acted as a Director to the Company. 

13. SEVERABILITY; HEADINGS. 
If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid as applied to any fact or circumstance,
it shall be modified by the minimum amount necessary to render it valid, and any such invalidity shall not affect any other provision,
or the same provision as applied to any other fact or circumstance. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall
not be construed to limit or define the scope of any Section or provision. 

14. COUNTERPARTS; AMENDMENT. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement. No amendment
to this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 

[Signature page follows] 

7 

The parties hereto have caused
this Independent Director Engagement Agreement to be effective as of [___]. 

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Director 

[___] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF UNDERTAKING 

Undertaking to Repay 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges his undertaking
to repay any amounts advanced to him by [COMPANY] or one or more of its subsidiaries under Section 6(h) of the Independent
Director Engagement Agreement between him and [COMPANY] (the Agreement in connection with [insert description
of proceeding] (the Proceeding ), if it is ultimately determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified with
respect to the Proceeding under the Agreement. 

Dated _______________ 

Signature 

Name: 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021890701ex31-1_akoustis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Kamran Cheema, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Akoustis Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Kamran Cheema 

Kamran Cheema 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021890701ex31-2_akoustis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Kenneth E. Boller, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Akoustis Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Kenneth E. Boller 

Kenneth E. Boller 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021890701ex32-1_akoustis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Akoustis
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period year ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kamran Cheema, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Kamran Cheema 

Kamran Cheema 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021890701ex32-2_akoustis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Akoustis
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kenneth E. Boller, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Kenneth E. Boller 

Kenneth E. Boller 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 akts-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 akts-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 akts-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 akts-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 akts-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

