<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241120_10-K-A_edgar_data_1756180_0001683168-24-008303.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7360717</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319008</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1431747</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1901935</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1586681</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1919024</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008303.hdr.sgml : 20241120
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241120160131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008303
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241120
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOCERA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001756180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - LIVESTOCK & ANIMAL SPECIALTIES [0200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				161626611
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41434
		FILM NUMBER:		241480260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD., SE, SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(404) 816-8240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD., SE, SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008303.txt : 20241120

10-K/A
 1
 nocera_i10ka2-123123.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FORM 10-K

Nocera, Inc. Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Amendment No. 2) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______ TO ___________ 

COMMISSION FILE NO. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

., , (R.O.C.) 

 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

)- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b)
OF THE ACT: 

Title of each class: 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered: 

The Capital Market LLC 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g)
OF THE ACT: 

None. 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , small reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the
registrant s issued and outstanding shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2023 based on
 2.50 per share, the price at which the registrant s common stock was last sold on June 30, 2023, was approximately . 

There were 
 shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, as of November 20, 2024. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Nocera, Inc. (the Company, we, 
 us, our, and similar terms) is filing this Amendment No. 2 (this Amendment to its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 1, 2024 (the Original Form 10-K ), and subsequently amended on October 7, 2024 Amendment No. 1 ).
This Amendment is being filed in response to comments from the SEC s letter dated October 25, 2024, and to incorporate certain
revisions as outlined in this filing. 

In connection with this Amendment, the Company s
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have executed updated certifications dated as of the filing date of this
Amendment (Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1, and 32.2). 

Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment
does not amend, update, or modify any other information contained in the Original Form 10-K or Amendment No. 1, nor does it reflect events
occurring subsequent to the date of the Original Form 10-K. 

NOCERA, INC. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 27 
 
 ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 27 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 28 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 28 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 28 

PART II 
 
 29 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 29 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 30 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 30 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 46 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 46 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 46 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 48 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 49 

PART III 
 
 50 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 50 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 55 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 59 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 61 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 61 

PART IV 
 
 62 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 62 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 62 

SIGNATURES 
 64 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 64 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise
stated or as the context otherwise requires, references to Nocera, Inc., Nocera, the Company, 
 we, us, our and similar references refer to Nocera, Inc., a Nevada corporation. Our logo and
other trademarks or service marks of the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Nocera, Inc. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements
represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events, including, but not limited to, any statements
regarding our assumptions about financial performance; the continuation of historical trends; growth strategies; the sufficiency of our
cash balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies on our results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations; our future financing plans and
anticipated needs for working capital; and the economy in general or the future of the food production industry, all of which were subject
to various risks and uncertainties. Such statements, when used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports, statements and information
we have filed with the SEC, in our press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, in oral statements made by or with
the approval of an executive officer, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, 
 expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, believe, intend or project 
or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. However, any statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. These statements
are expressed in good faith and based upon a reasonable basis when made, but there can be no assurance that these expectations will be
achieved or accomplished. 

This information may involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found under Part
I Item 1 Business and Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations , as well as in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual events or results may differ
materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors as described in this Annual Report on Form
10-K generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K will in fact occur. In addition to the information expressly required to be included in this filing, we
will provide such further material information, if any, as may be necessary to ensure that the required statements, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, are not misleading. 

Although forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and
unknown risks, business, economic and other risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those
discussed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order
to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than as may be required by
applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed
with the SEC which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that
may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates,
projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and particular markets, including data regarding the estimated
size of those markets. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently
subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies
and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, general publications, government data and similar
sources. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Nocera, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on February 1, 2002, with operations based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Our primary business operations currently consist of designing,
developing and producing large scale recirculating aquaculture systems RASs for fish farms along with providing consulting,
technology transfer and aquaculture project management services to new and existing aquaculture management business services. 

RASs operate by filtering water from the fish (or
shellfish) tanks so it can be reused within the tank. This dramatically reduces the amount of water and space required to intensively
produce seafood products. The steps in RASs include solids removal, ammonia removal, Co2 removal and oxygenation. Prior to 2021, we initially
focused on the Chinese market due to opportunities presented by changes to regulations governing water use for fish production in China.
As of October 2020, we had delivered 551 fish tank systems to six separate Chinese-based fish farms, and two fish tank systems to our
Taiwan showroom. 

In October 2020, the government of Taiwan began supporting
the Green Power and Solar Sharing Fish Farms initiative. In view of the opportunities resulting from this initiative, in October 2020,
we ceased all of our operations in China and moved all of our technology and back-office operations to Taiwan. We now only operate out
of Taiwan. 

Our current mission is to provide consulting
services and solutions in aquaculture projects to reduce water pollution and decrease the disease problems of fisheries. Our goal is to
become a global leader in the land-based aquaculture business. We are now poised to grow our existing operations in Taiwan and expand
into the development and management of land-based fish farms in Taiwan and North and South America. We do not currently have any intentions
of conducting operations in China or Hong Kong. 

Corporate History 

Nocera, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on February 1, 2002, and is based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. 

Reverse Merger 

Effective December 31, 2018, we completed a reverse
merger transaction pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement with (i) GSI, (ii) GSI s stockholders,
Yin-Chieh Jeff Cheng and Zhang Bi, who together owned shares constituting 100 of the issued and outstanding ordinary
shares of GSI (the GSI Shares and (iii) GSI Acquisition Corp. Under the terms of the Agreement, the GSI Stockholders transferred
to us all of the GSI Shares in exchange for the issuance of 6,666,667 (post-split) shares of our common stock. As a result of the reverse
merger, GSI became our wholly-owned subsidiary and Mr. Cheng and Zhang Bi, the former stockholders of GSI, became our controlling stockholders.
The share exchange transaction with GSI was treated as a reverse merger, with GSI as the accounting acquirer and Nocera as the acquired
party. GSI is a limited company established under the laws and regulations of Hong Kong on August 1, 2014 and is a holding company without
any assets or operations. 

In anticipation of the reverse merger, GSI undertook
a reorganization and became the 100 holding company of Guizhou Grand Smooth Technology Ltd GZ GST and GSI Guizhou Wan
Feng Hu Intelligent Aquatic Technology Co. Limited GZ WFH ), which were all controlled by the same stockholders before and
after the reorganization, pursuant to a series of contractual agreements (the GZ WFH VIE Agreements ). As a result, GSI,
through GZ GST, was determined to be the primary beneficiary of GZ WFH and GZ WFH became a variable interest entity VIE of GSI. Accordingly, GSI consolidated GZ WFH s operations, assets and liabilities. 

GZ WFH was incorporated in Xingyi City, Guizhou Province,
People s Republic of China (PRC) on October 25, 2017, and was engaged in providing fish farming containers service, which integrated
sales, installments, and maintenance of aquaculture equipment. 

1 

Divestiture of GZ WFH 

On September 21, 2020, we terminated our relationship
with GZ WFH and its management, and the GZ WFH Agreements between the parties were terminated as well. 

Subsequently on October 8, 2020, Zhang Bi and GZ WFH
entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with us wherein all claims as to GZ WFH s debt (claim to our shares or GZ GST) were
compromised, settled, and otherwise resolved as to any and all claims or causes of action whatsoever against us for any matter, action,
or representation as to Nocera, and any debt to ownership of Nocera or GZ GST up to the date of the settlement agreement. The consideration
for the settlement agreement was mutual waiver of any and all claims against each other and GZ GST, and GZ WFH (including Zhang Bi) waived
any claims to our stock, and the 3,166,667 (post-split) shares of our common stock owned by Zhang Bi were cancelled. 

XFC Sale 

On December 31, 2020, we exchanged 466,667 (post-split)
shares of our restricted common stock to stockholders of Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd., a Taiwan limited liability company XFC ),
in exchange for 100 controlling interest in XFC. We also entered into contractual arrangements with a stockholder of XFC, that enabled
us to have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affects the economic performance of XFC and receive the economic
benefits of XFC that could be significant to XFC. On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Purchase of Business Agreement with Han-Chieh
Shih (the Purchaser ), in which we sold our controlling interest of XFC, to the Purchaser for a total purchase cash price
of 300,000 (the XFC Sale ). The closing of the XFC Sale occurred on November 30, 2022 and the XFC variable interest entity VIE agreements were terminated in connection with the XFC Sale. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On July 26, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Amendment
with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to implement a 2-for-3 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock, with fractional
shares resulting from the reverse stock split being rounded up to the nearest whole number. The reverse stock split was effected on August
11, 2022. 

The VIE Agreements with Meixin 

On September 7, 2022, we entered into a series of
contractual agreements (collectively, the Meixin VIE Agreements with the majority stockholder (the Selling Stockholder of Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd., a Taiwan corporation and a food processing and catering company Meixin ),
and Meixin, of which we purchased 80 controlling interest of Meixin for 4,300,000. The Meixin VIE Agreements essentially confer
control and management of Meixin as well as substantially all of the economic benefits of the Selling Stockholder in Meixin to us. 

Business Developments 

The following highlights recent material developments
in our business: 

On November 1, 2023, we announced that the Board appointed Yiwen Zhang and Song-Yuan Teng to the Board, with Yiwen Zhang serving on the Audit Committee of the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, as well as Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board. 

Recent Developments 

On July 5, 2023, issued 325,708 shares of common stock in response to the exercise of 162,854 shares of warrants issued to our representative in our uplisting in August 2022 with gross proceeds of 626,987. 

2 

Corporate Structure 

We conduct our operations through (i) Meixin; and
(ii) Nocera Taiwan Branch, an unincorporated division of the Company NTB ). Our other subsidiaries, GSI, which wholly-owns
GZ GST, are dormant and currently do not have any operations. However, GZ GST may be involved with RASs manufacturing in the near future. 

We acquired GSI in a reverse merger on December 31,
2018. Prior to the merger, we were a shell company as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act). GSI is the parent holding company of GZ GST, which was incorporated on November 13, 2018, as a wholly
foreign-owned enterprise established in the PRC. Both GSI and GZ GZT are currently dormant and do not conduct any operations. We currently
do not conduct any operations in China or Hong Kong. 

In December 2020, we added XFC as a VIE in order to
obtain a Class A construction license to construct indoor RASs and solar sharing fish farms. On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Purchase
of Business Agreement with Han-Chieh Shih, in which we sold our controlling interest of XFC, to the Purchaser for a total purchase cash
price of 300,000. The closing of the XFC Sale occurred on November 30, 2022 and the XFC VIE agreements were terminated in connection
with the XFC Sale. As of November 30, 2022, we ceased providing services to construct indoor RASs and solar sharing fish farms in Taiwan. 

NTB was established on January 14, 2021 in Taiwan.
In October 2021, Nocera began its eel trading business in response to domestic demands created by the COVID-19 lockdown. NTB currently
procures and sells eel in Taiwan and plans to trade other types of seafood, such as tilapia and milkfish, in the near future. 

On September 7, 2022, we entered into a series of
contractual agreements with the majority stockholder of Meixin and Meixin, of which we purchased 80 controlling interest of Meixin for
 4,300,000. The Meixin VIE Agreements essentially confer control and management of Meixin as well as substantially all of the economic
benefits of the Selling Stockholder in Meixin to us. Therefore, in accordance with ASC 810 Consolidation, we are considered
the primary beneficiary of Meixin and have consolidated Meixin s assets, liabilities, results of operations, and cash flows in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Significant Products Services 

We manufacture, sell, and install RASs for land-based
fish farms. Originally, our systems were designed and constructed from used marine shipping containers. We then developed our next generation
of RASs, a cylindrical shaped tank that holds approximately 15,000 U.S. gallons of water, which we believe make them among the largest
systems in the market. 

There are several significant benefits to our RASs: 

the system provides a controlled and traceable environment; 

the recirculating aquaculture system can be installed almost anywhere and requires minimal site preparation; and 

it benefits local economies by providing fresher and, therefore, generally healthier fish. 

Nocera s RASs include the fish tank, circulation
and filtration systems. 

Nocera Land-based RASs Overview 
 
 Height / width 
 1.5m/10m 
 
 Main composition of our tank 
 Environmental-friendly PE 
 
 Yield per growing season (Tilapia) 
 11,000 lbs. 
 
 Fish farming density 
 100-109 lb./m3 
 
 Price per RASs Total Solution 
 35,000 USD 

3 

Our RASs can raise both freshwater and saltwater fish,
as well as a variety of crustaceans. 

Nocera Recirculating Aquaculture System 

Market Overview 

Global fish consumption has long been on the rise
at a rate higher than any other source of animal protein, and the trend is expected to continue. With overfishing already threatening
the earth s marine ecosystem, it is anticipated that a significantly larger proportion of fish consumption would be farm-raised
instead of wild-caught in the future. 

Also, the trade conflict between the U.S. and China
has led to a greater demand for non-Chinese origin seafood products from the U.S. market. 

On a broader perspective, as the world rapidly begins
a transition towards net zero carbon emissions in response to the ever-more pressing threat of climate change, it is foreseeable that
solar energy will be the go-to option for many countries as a new source of green energy. 

We believe that the RASs, with its proven advantage
in producing more fish in a more cost-effective and environmentally friendly manner while offering greater location flexibility and the
potential for a solar-fish sharing mode, is a perfect solution to address the opportunities highlighted above. 

Consulting Services 

We also provide consulting services and solutions
for aquaculture projects, where we offer design innovation and RAS expertise to increase revenue, while decreasing operating expenses,
allowing clients to operate more efficiently while increasing production. Additionally, we show clients how to operate more strategically
by diversifying the species of fish raised to meet market demands. Our equipment enhances the management of fish farms by reducing the
incidence of disease among the fish populations, while reducing water pollution from inland fish farms. We currently provide such services
in Taiwan and intend to expand into other international markets and the United States to increase revenues and operate more efficiently. 

4 

We provide the following service offerings: 

for qualified investors or investment groups who are interested in capitalizing on the potential of the aquaculture industry and want to develop or take part in commercial fish farming or shrimp farming but lack the experience, design, installation, build and management of aquaculture projects to meet these interests; 

a full range of pilot and management services to aquaculture companies and new aquaculture projects throughout Taiwan and potentially the rest of the world, providing tailored solutions to meet customer needs and to fulfill our commitment, to encourage and support clean water and clean fish products from the fish farm to the table; and 

select equipment and materials from suppliers to provide unique service offerings structured to generate higher profit margins. 

Strategy 

We plan to focus on countries with a growing population
and growing demand for food. By 2050, we will need to double the global food supply to feed the world s growing population. There is
a growing need for new ways to produce high-quality local fish without putting more pressure on our natural ecosystems. Like Taiwan,
there are also many countries with a growing population and growing demand for high-protein food. We plan to go global through building
demo sites promoting our RASs and selling our price-competitive systems in these countries to meet their demand for food and to satisfy
their desire for a greener environment. 

In January 2021, we moved our operation and market
focus from China to Taiwan. In 2021, we established a Nocera Taiwan Branch to focus on customers in a variety of sectors, such as individual
investors, government supported or funded companies, and international customers. We have received interest from areas like Japan, Thailand,
Jordan, South Africa and the United States. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the net sales were approximately 23.9 million and approximately 14.1 million, respectively. 

Construction Services 

Prior to terminating the VIE agreements with XFC in
connection with the XFC Sale, we were the only provider of RAS solar power energy sharing and construction services in Taiwan. As of the
filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no intention of providing services to construct indoor RASs and solar sharing
fish farms in Taiwan. 

Customers 

In 2023, we targeted customers in a variety of markets
(e.g., Japan, Taiwan, Thailand, Jordan, South Africa and the United States), such as individual investors, government supported or funded
companies and other types of international customers. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the net sales were approximately
 23.9 million and approximately 141 million, respectively. 

5 

Suppliers 

We purchase raw materials and parts and equipment
from third parties locally in Taiwan and build and sell them to customers. We are not directly involved in the production or manufacturing
of readily available equipment, and we do not take a risk in the repair and maintenance of the equipment because of the manufacturer s
maintenance policy. We have identified and sourced multiple suppliers in Taiwan, and our relationships with suppliers are generally good.
We expect that our suppliers will be able to meet the anticipated demand for our products in the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance
that our suppliers will continue to meet our needs, particularly as we ramp up our expansion into the U.S. and other markets around the
world. 

Competition 

The market for aquaculture projects and services is
highly competitive. Many of the producers and sellers are large entities that have significantly greater resources than we have. We also
compete with small suppliers which provide smaller alternative aquaculture solutions regionally but due to the size of our projects, we
believe that we should have a better price point. 

Trademarks and Patents 

We do not own any trademarks or patents. 

Sales and Marketing 

We continue to market our brand by offering unique
and better incentives to the consumers. Our target market is not only limited to the direct processing plants; instead, consumers will
be informed about the uniqueness of the fish product, and the important health benefits of fish protein. 

Further, we plan to increase the species selection
and product form through the investment of the additional 500 tanks; among all we plan to build a hatchery system by collaborating with
professionals to promote and maintain healthy, self-sustaining populations of fish and other aquatic species. We are aiming for the direct
wholesale option, including live hauling, restaurants, supermarkets and specialty stores. As of December 2023, we sell our food items,
including our signature seafood porridge bowl, through our flagship bento box store located at the Ning Xia Night Market in the Datong
District of Taipei City, Taiwan. In addition to utilizing Meixin s distribution channel, we will move towards online marketing as
well to achieve a greater market share. 

Manufacturing Operations 

Currently, we manufacture RASs through our branch
office in Taiwan and may manufacture RASs through our Chinese subsidiaries. Additionally, we provide consulting services regarding RAS
technology transfer and aquaculture project management services to customers in Taiwan. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to many varying laws and regulations
in Taiwan and throughout the world, including, without limitation, those related to privacy, data protection, intellectual property, consumer
protection, e-commerce, marketing, advertising, messaging, rights of publicity, health and safety, employment and labor, product liability,
accessibility, competition, and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created,
or amended in a manner that could harm our current or future business and operations. In addition, it is possible that certain governments
may seek to block or limit our products and services or otherwise impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability
of any or all of our products and services for an extended period of time or indefinitely. 

6 

Our properties and operations are subject to a number
of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Under certain of these laws
and regulations, we may be subject to joint and several liability for environmental investigations and cleanups, including at properties
that we currently or previously owned or operated, or at sites at which waste we generated was disposed, even if the contamination was
not caused by us or was legal at the time it occurred. 

We are also subject to laws regulating consumer products
in the jurisdictions in which we sell our products. In the United States for instance, certain of our products are subject to the U.S.
Consumer Product Safety Act, under which the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission may exclude products from the market that are found
to be unsafe or hazardous, require repair, replacement or refund of products, impose fines for noncompliance with requirements and impose
fines for failure to timely notify them of potential safety hazards. 

Also, with respect to the potential sale of eel and
any other seafood into the United States, we are subject to extensive regulation, including, among other things, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, as amended by the Food Safety Modernization Act FSMA ), the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and
Response Act of 2002, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ).
The FSMA was enacted in order to aid the effective prevention of food safety issues in the food supply. This comprehensive and evolving
regulatory program impacts how food is grown, packed, processed, shipped and imported into the United States and it governs compliance
with Good Manufacturing Practices regulations. The FDA has finalized seven major rules to implement FSMA, recognizing that ensuring the
safety of the food supply is a shared responsibility among many different points in the global supply chain. The FSMA rules are designed
to make clear specific actions that must be taken at each of these points to prevent contamination. Some aspects of these laws use a strict
liability standard for imposing sanctions on corporate behavior. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be
subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures, and criminal sanctions, any of which could impact our results
of operations. 

In addition, the Nutrition Labeling and Education
Act of 1990 prescribes the format and content of certain information required to appear on the labels of food products. 

Our operations and products are also subject to state
and local regulation, including the registration and licensing of plants, enforcement by state health agencies of various state standards,
and the registration and inspection of facilities. Compliance with federal, state and local regulation is costly and time-consuming. Enforcement
actions for violations of federal, state, and local regulations may include seizure and condemnation of products, cease and desist orders,
injunctions or monetary penalties. We believe that our practices are sufficient to maintain compliance with applicable government regulations. 

We are subject to certain regulations by the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission. Advertising of our products is subject to such regulation pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission Act and the
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

We are also subject to certain health and safety regulations,
including regulations issued pursuant to the Occupational Safety and Health Act. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing,
health, and safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. 

Our business depends in part on environmental regulations
and programs of Taiwan that promote cleaner water sources to restore clean water back to people. Our customers may be encouraged with
incentives by the local governments relating to aquaculture investment. The approvals of land, licenses or permits, are required from
relevant central and local government authorities. In addition, from time to time, relevant government authorities may impose new regulations
at a local level regulating fish farming. We believe that we have skills to help our customers obtain all necessary licenses, registrations
and permits to comply with all requirements necessary to allow our customers and investors to conduct aquaculture business in Taiwan. 

Listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol NCRA since August 11, 2022. 

7 

Legal Proceedings 

We are currently not a party to any legal or administrative
proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings against us in all material aspects. We
may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 

Property 

We own 229 contiguous acres of land located in Montgomery
County, Alabama up to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Seasonality 

Since the global growing demand from aquaculture production
along with the decreasing production from wild fisheries and our fish farming systems provide a controlled and traceable environment for
species, our business rarely suffers a seasonal impact. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of 22 employees,
including 19 full-time employees and 3 part-time employees. In addition, we have 12 consultants. We are compliant with local prevailing
wage, contractor licensing and have good relations with our employees. 

Our human capital resources objectives
include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and
consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting
of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our Company by motivating
such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at 3F
(Building B), No. 185, Sec. 1, Datong Rd., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 221, Taiwan (R.O.C.). Our telephone number is 886-910-163-358. 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.nocera.company .
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, any amendments to those reports, proxy and
registration statements filed or furnished with the SEC, are available free of charge through our website. We make these materials available
through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish such materials to,
the SEC. The reports filed with the SEC by our executive officers and directors pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act are also
made available, free of charge on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after copies of those filings are provided to us by those
persons. These materials can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website. The information contained
in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

8 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties,
which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business and financial
performance could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and the price of our securities
could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance.
The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking
statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed.
In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline, and investors in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is substantial doubt of our ability to
continue as a going concern. 

We have incurred net losses since our inception. In
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we incurred operating losses of 2,030,672 and 5,180,208, respectively. As at December
31, 2023, we have working capital of 87,409 and had an accumulated deficit of 16,780,124. In their audit report for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2023 included in this report, our auditors have expressed their concern as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate cashflows from operations and obtain financing. We
intend to continue funding our operations through equity and debt financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital
expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements in the long term. There can be no assurance that the steps management is taking
will be successful. 

Our business
may be materially adversely affected by any future coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak or similar global epidemic. 

A significant outbreak, epidemic or pandemic of contagious
diseases in any geographic area in which we operate or plan to operate could result in a health crisis adversely affecting the economies,
financial markets and overall demand for our services in such areas. In addition, any preventative or protective actions that governments
implement or that we take in response to a health crisis, such as travel restrictions, quarantines or site closures, may interfere with
the ability of our employees, suppliers and customers to perform their responsibilities. Such results could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

COVID-19 created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. COVID-19 has affected
nearly all regions around the world. In the United States, businesses as well as federal, state and local governments implemented significant
actions to mitigate this public health crisis. While we cannot predict the duration or scope of any future COVID-19 outbreak, it may
negatively impact our business and such impact could be material to our financial results, condition and outlook related to: 

disruption to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, through the effects of business and facilities closures, worker sickness and COVID-19 related inability to work, social, economic, political or labor instability in affected areas, transportation delays, difficulty in enrolling patients, travel restrictions and changes in operating procedures, including for additional cleaning and safety protocols; 

increased volatility or significant disruption of global financial markets due in part to any future COVID-19 outbreak, which could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital markets and other funding sources, on acceptable terms or at all and impede our ability to comply with debt covenants; and 

the further spread of COVID-19, and the requirements to take action to mitigate the spread of any future COVID-19 outbreak (e.g., hygiene requirements or social distancing or other measures), will impact our ability to carry out our business as usual and may materially adversely impact global economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

9 

To the extent COVID-19 or a similar public health
threat has an impact on our business, it is likely to also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving
industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

We have a limited operating history on which to base
an evaluation of its business and prospects. We are subject to all the risks inherent in a small company seeking to develop, market and
distribute new services, particularly companies in evolving markets. The likelihood of our success must be considered, in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the development, introduction, marketing
and distribution of new products and services in a competitive environment. 

Such risks for us include, but are not limited to,
dependence on the success and acceptance of our services and the management of growth. In view of our limited operating history, we believe
that period-to-period comparisons of its operating results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication
of future performance. 

We are therefore subject to many of the risks common
to early-stage enterprises, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other
resources and lack of revenues. 

If we fail to raise capital when needed it will
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have limited revenue-producing operations and will
require proceeds from future offerings to execute its full business plan. A failure to raise capital when needed would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, debt and other debt financing may involve
a pledge of assets and may be senior to interests of equity holders. Any debt financing secured in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us
to obtain additional capital or to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If adequate funds are not obtained,
we may be required to reduce, curtail or discontinue operations. 

Our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable
terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including: 

investors perception of, and demand for, our securities; 

conditions of the U.S. and other capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds; and 

our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

Our failure to successfully market our brands
could result in adverse financial consequences. 

We believe that continuing to strengthen our brands
is critical to achieving our widespread acceptance, particularly in light of the competitive nature of the market in which we operate.
Promoting and positioning its brands will depend largely on the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to provide high quality
services. There can be no assurance that brand promotion activities will yield increased revenues or that any such revenues would offset
the expenses incurred us in building our brand. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand or incur substantial expenses in an attempt
to promote and maintain our brand or if our existing or future strategic relationships fail to promote our brand or increase brand awareness,
our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 

10 

We may not generate the same level of revenues
from general construction projects. 

Our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023
and for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 23.9 million and 14.1 million, respectively. There were five customers
(Sano Morio, Handou Syuji, Ming-Chi Chen, Kai-Ling Chen and Sano Morimoto) who represented approximately 80.8 of our total revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2023 of our total revenue for the prior year period. These customers are not located in mainland China or
Hong Kong. Our future plan of operations is to shift away from general construction services to the construction of fish farms and fish
trading business. There can be no guarantee that such shift in operations will generate the same levels of revenues previously generated
through our VIE. 

There is no assurance that we will be profitable. 

There is no assurance that we will earn profits in
the future, or that profitability will be sustained. There is no assurance that future revenues will be sufficient to generate the funds
required to continue our business development and marketing activities. If we do not have sufficient capital to fund our operations, we
may be required to reduce our sales and marketing efforts or forego certain business opportunities. 

We may not have the ability to manage our growth. 

We anticipate that significant expansion will be required
to address potential growth in our customer base and market opportunities. Our anticipated expansion is expected to place a significant
strain on our management, operational and financial resources. To manage any material growth of its operations and personnel, we may be
required to improve existing operational and financial systems, procedures and controls and to expand, train and manage our employee base.
There can be no assurance that our planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations,
that management will be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel or that our management will be able to successfully
identify, manage and exploit existing and potential market opportunities. If we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

We will need additional financing in order to
grow our business. 

From time to time, in order to expand operations to
meet customer demand, we will need to incur additional capital expenditures. These capital expenditures are intended to be funded from
third party sources, including the incurring of debt and/or the sale of additional equity securities. In addition to requiring additional
financing to fund capital expenditures, we may require additional financing to fund working capital, research and development, sales and
marketing, general and administrative expenditures and operating losses. The incurrence of debt creates additional financial leverage
and therefore an increase in the financial risk of our operations. The sale of additional equity securities will be dilutive to the interests
of current equity holders. In addition, there can be no assurance that such additional financing, whether debt or equity, will be available
to us or that it will be available on acceptable commercial terms. Any inability to secure such additional financing on appropriate terms
could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We rely on our executive officers. 

Our success is dependent on our current executive
officers. Our success also depends in large part on the continued service of our key operational and management personnel. We face intense
competition from our competitors, customers and other companies throughout the industry. The loss of any our executive officers, specifically
Mr. Andy Jin, our Chief Executive Officer, or any failure on our part to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified professionals
could impair our business. 

11 

We rely on the performance of highly skilled
personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 

We are, and will be, heavily dependent on the skill,
acumen and services of our management and other employees. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate
and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract
them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to execute
our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services
of any members of our senior management or other key employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining
and motivating existing employees, our business could be harmed. 

We may have inadvertently violated Section 13(k)
of the Exchange Act (implementing Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) and may be subject to sanctions as a result. 

Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act provides that it
is unlawful for a company that has a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to, directly or indirectly, including
through any subsidiary, extend or maintain credit in the form of a personal loan to or for any of its directors or executive officers.
In 2019, we did not have a corporate bank account established in Hong Kong or the U.S., and certain funds that were supposed to be deposited
into such corporate bank account were instead deposited into the personal bank account of our former Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Company Board ), President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Yin-Chieh Cheng, which was considered to be a personal
loan made by us to Yin-Chieh Cheng and may have violated Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. The receivable was repaid to us in January
2020. Issuers that are found to have violated Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act may be subject to civil sanctions, including injunctive
remedies and monetary penalties, as well as criminal sanctions. The imposition of any of such sanctions on us could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Future acquisitions may have an adverse effect
on our ability to manage our business. 

Selective acquisitions currently form part of our
strategy to further expand our business. If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may acquire additional businesses, services
or products that are complementary to our core business. Future acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new companies into ours
would require significant attention from our management. Future acquisitions would also expose us to potential risks, including risks
associated with the assimilation of new operations, services and personnel, unforeseen or hidden liabilities, the diversion of resources
from our existing businesses and technologies, the inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset the costs and expenses of acquisitions
and potential loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees as a result of integration of new businesses. The diversion of our management s
attention and any difficulties encountered in any integration process could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our
business. 

The value of seafood which we sell (e.g., eel)
is subject to fluctuation which may result in volatility of our results of operations and the value of an investment in us. 

Our business is partly dependent upon the sale of
eel which value is subject to fluctuation and which value greatly fluctuates. Our net sales and operating results vary significantly due
to the volatility of the value of eel and any other seafood that we sell which may result in the volatility of the market price of our
common stock. 

We are highly susceptible to changes in market
demand for the types of seafood for which our recirculating aquaculture systems are used. 

A significant portion of our revenues are derived
from constructing recirculating aquaculture systems for fish farming. We therefore are highly susceptible to changes in market demand
for the seafood for which our systems are used, which may be impacted by factors over which we have limited or no control. Factors that
could lead to a decline in market demand for seafood in general and specifically the type of fish farmed using our systems include economic
conditions and evolving consumer preferences. A substantial downturn in market demand for such seafood may have a material adverse effect
on our business and on our results of operations. 

12 

A portion of our revenues are derived from a
single product, eel and therefore we are highly susceptible to changes in market demand, which may be affected by factors over which we
have limited or no control. 

Approximately 98 of our revenues are derived from
a single product, eel. We therefore are highly susceptible to changes in market demand, which may be impacted by factors over which we
have limited or no control. Factors that could lead to a decline in market demand for eel include economic conditions and evolving consumer
preferences. A substantial downturn in market demand for eel may have a material adverse effect on our business and on our results of
operations. 

There are risks associated with outsourced production
that may result in a decrease in our profit. 

The possibility of delivery delays, product defects
and other production-side risks stemming from outsourcers cannot be eliminated. In particular, inadequate production capacity among outsourced
manufacturers could result in us being unable to supply enough product amid periods of high product demand, the opportunity costs of which
could be substantial. 

We have limited insurance coverage. 

We do not have any business liability, disruption
or litigation insurance coverage for our operations in Taiwan. Any uninsured occurrence of loss or litigation or business disruption may
result in the incurrence of substantial costs and the diversion of resources, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Competitors and potential competitors may develop
products and technologies that make ours obsolete or garner greater market share than ours. 

Our ability to compete successfully will depend on
our ability to demonstrate that our products are superior to and/or less expensive than other products available in the market. Some of
our competitors have the benefit of marketing their products under brand names that have better market recognition than ours or have stronger
marketing and distribution channels than we do. Increased competition as to any of our products could result in price reduction, reduced
margins and loss of market share, which could negatively affect our profitability. 

Certain of our competitors may benefit from government
support and other incentives that are not available to us. As a result, our competitors may be able to develop competing and/or superior
products and compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time than we can. As more companies develop
new intellectual property in our markets, a competitor could acquire patent or other rights that may limit our ability to successfully
market our product. 

We may produce products of inferior quality
which would cause us to lose customers. 

Although we make an effort to ensure the quality of
our RASs, they could from time to time contain defects, anomalies or malfunctions that are undetectable at the time of shipment, installation
and initial testing. These defects, anomalies or malfunctions could be discovered after our products are shipped to customers and installed
and tested at the site, resulting in the return or exchange of our products or discontinuation of the use of our products, which could
negatively impact our operating results. 

If our technologies or products are stolen,
misappropriated, or reverse engineered, others could use the technologies to produce competing technologies or products. 

Third parties, including our collaborators, contractors,
and others involved in our business often have access to our technologies. If our technologies or products were stolen, misappropriated,
or reverse engineered, they could be used by other parties that may be able to reproduce our technologies or products using our technologies
for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to challenge this type of use, especially since we
do not own any patents or other intellectual property rights with respect to our technologies and products. 

13 

We are subject to certain risks by virtue of
our international operations. 

We mainly operate in Taiwan and plan to expand in
other international countries and in the United States. We expect to expand our operations significantly by accessing new markets abroad
and expanding our services offerings. Our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations in other international countries and
in the United States requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting
a growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory
systems and commercial infrastructures. Furthermore, in most international markets, we would not be the first entrant, and our competitors
may be better positioned than we are to succeed. Expanding in other international countries and in the United States may subject us to
risks that we have either not faced before or increase our exposure to risks that we currently face, including risks associated with: 

recruiting and retaining qualified, multi-lingual employees, including customer support personnel; 

increased competition from similar local businesses and potential preferences by local populations for local providers; 

compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including different liability standards and regulations; 

providing solutions in different languages for different cultures; 

credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

compliance with anti-bribery laws; 

currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the United States; 

political and economic instability in some countries; 

double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws of the United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; and 

higher costs of doing business in other international countries. 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events
could harm our operations. 

Our operations in the U.S. and Taiwan could be subject
to significant risk of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, flooding and tornadoes, as well as other catastrophic
events, such as terrorist attacks or wars. For example, our manufacturers are all located in Taiwan, which is susceptible to typhoons
and earthquakes. Any disruption in our manufacturers manufacturing facilities arising from these and other natural disasters or
other catastrophic events could cause significant delays in the production or shipment of the components of our products until such manufacturers
are able to shift production to different facilities or until we are able to arrange for other third party manufacturers to manufacture
the components of our products. The affected manufacturers may not be able to obtain alternate capacity to manufacture the components
of our products or we may not be able to arrange for other third party manufacturers to manufacture the components of our products on
favorable terms or at all. The occurrence of any of these circumstances may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

14 

The primary substantial portion of our revenues
will be derived from Taiwan. 

We anticipate that sales of our services in Taiwan
will represent our primary revenues in the near future. Any significant decline in the condition of the economy of Taiwan could adversely
affect consumer demand of our services, among other things, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
condition. 

Currency fluctuations may adversely affect our
business and if the NT dollar were to decline in value, that would reduce our revenue in U.S. dollar terms. 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and our
operations in Taiwan use their local currency as their functional currencies. Substantially all of our revenue and expenses are in NT
dollars. We are subject to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations with respect to any of such currency. For example, the value of the
NT dollar depends to a large extent on Taiwan government policies and Taiwan s domestic and international economic and political
developments, as well as supply and demand in the local market. 

The income statements of our operations are translated
into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income for
our international operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign
currency denominated transactions results in increased revenue, operating expenses and net income for our international operations. We
are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars
in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the conversion of the foreign subsidiaries financial
statements into U.S. dollars will lead to a translation gain or loss which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. In
addition, we have certain assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the relevant entity s functional
currency. Changes in the functional currency value of these assets and liabilities create fluctuations that will lead to a transaction
gain or loss. We have not entered into agreements or purchased instruments to hedge our exchange rate risks, although we may do so in
the future. The availability and effectiveness of any hedging transaction may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge
our exchange rate risks. 

We may be subject to product liability claims
if people or properties are harmed by the services sold by us. 

The components of our products intended to be sold
by us, as part of our services, are manufactured by third parties. The components of our products may be defectively designed or manufactured.
As a result, sales of the products could expose us to liability claims relating to personal injury or property damage and may require
product recalls or other actions. Third parties subject to such injury or damage may bring claims or legal proceedings against us as the
reseller of the products. We do not currently maintain any third-party liability insurance or products liability insurance in relation
to products we intend to sell in conjunction with our services. As a result, any material products liability claim or litigation could
have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even unsuccessful claims could result
in the expenditure of funds and managerial efforts in defending them and could have a negative impact on our reputation. 

Risk of litigation. 

We and/or its directors and officers may be subject
to a variety of civil or other legal proceedings, with or without merit. From time to time in the ordinary course of its business, we
may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial, employment and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental
and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources
and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of any such actions
may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 

Even if the claims are without merit, the costs associated
with defending these types of claims may be substantial, both in terms of time, money, and management distraction. The results of litigation
and claims to which we may be subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved
in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them,
could harm our business, results or operations and reputation. 

15 

Third parties may assert that our employees
or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 

We employ individuals who previously worked with other
companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use
the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants
or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary
information, of a former employer or other third party. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending
any such claims or settling those claims, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs
and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

We currently, and may in the future, have assets
held at financial institutions that may exceed the insurance coverage offered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the loss of
such assets would have a severe negative affect on our operations and liquidity. 

We may maintain our cash assets at certain financial
institutions in the U.S. in amounts that may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance
limit of 250,000. In the event of a failure of any financial institutions where we maintain our deposits or other assets, we may incur
a loss to the extent such loss exceeds the FDIC insurance limitation, which could have a material adverse effect upon our liquidity, financial
condition and our results of operations. 

Regulatory Risks 

We must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act while many of our competitors do not. 

We are required to comply with the United States Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions.
Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time to time in Taiwan. If our competitors engage
in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing
business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although
we inform our personnel that such practices are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such
conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could
suffer severe penalties. 

Future laws, regulations and standards relating
to corporate governance and public disclosure may create uncertainty for public companies, which may increase legal and financial compliance
costs and make some activities more time consuming . 

Future laws, regulations and standards relating to
corporate governance and public disclosure are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and,
as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could
result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance
practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing
bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be
harmed. 

Being listed on a national exchange makes it more
expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our
Board. 

16 

Relations between the PRC and Taiwan could negatively
affect our business and financial status and therefore the market value of your investment. 

Taiwan has a unique international political status.
The PRC does not recognize the sovereignty of Taiwan. Although significant economic and cultural relations have been established in recent
years between Taiwan and the PRC, relations have often been strained. The government of the PRC has threatened to use military force to
gain control over Taiwan in limited circumstances. Our principal executive offices are located in Taiwan and a substantial majority of
our net revenues are derived from our operations in Taiwan. Therefore, factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in
Taiwan could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

A significant disruption in the operations of
our suppliers in Taiwan, such as a trade war or political unrest, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Any disruption in the operations of our suppliers
in Taiwan or in their ability to meet our needs, whether as a result of a natural disaster or other causes, could impair our ability to
operate our business on a day-to-day basis. Furthermore, since many of these third parties are located outside the U.S., we are exposed
to the possibility of disruption and increased costs in the event of changes in the policies of the U.S. or foreign governments, political
unrest or unstable economic conditions in any of the countries where we conduct such activities. For example, a trade war could lead to
higher tariffs. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect our development timelines, business and financial condition. 

Our business, including our costs and supply
chain, is subject to risks associated with manufacturing. 

In the event of a significant disruption in the supply
of the raw materials used in the manufacture of the components of the products we offer, the suppliers that we work with might not be
able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price. For example, natural disasters may increase
raw material costs and impact pricing with our suppliers, and cause shipping delays for the components of our products. Any delays, interruption,
damage to, or increased costs in the manufacture of the components of the products we offer could result in higher prices to acquire the
components of the products or non-delivery of the components of the products altogether, and could adversely affect our operating results. 

If we remain identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer for three consecutive years (or if the AHFCAA is enacted, two years), our securities will be delisted or prohibited from trading
on Nasdaq or any other national securities exchange or the over-the-counter trading market under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act. The delisting or the cessation of trading on Nasdaq or any other national securities exchange or the over-the-counter trading market
of our securities, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited, may materially and adversely affect the value and/or liquidity
of your investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct full inspections or investigations of our auditor deprives our
investors of the benefits of such inspections or investigations. 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was
enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA states that if the SEC determines that an issuer has filed audit reports issued by a registered
public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, the SEC shall prohibit the
securities of the issuer from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States. 

The Company s auditor, the independent registered
public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this prospectus, as an auditor of companies that are traded
publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB
conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Since our auditor is located in Hong
Kong, it is included on a list of audit firms the PCAOB determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position
taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong, and is therefore subject to the PCAOB s determination and currently not inspected
by the PCAOB. 

17 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final
rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. We would be required to
comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently
established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCAA, including the listing and trading
prohibition requirements described above. 

In May 2021, the PCAOB issued a proposed rule 6100, Board
Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act , for public comment. The proposed rule is related to the PCAOB s
responsibilities under the HFCAA, which would establish a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining whether the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken
by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. The proposed rule was adopted by the PCAOB on September 22, 2021 and approved by
the SEC on November 5, 2021. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted final amendments implementing the disclosure and submission requirements
under the HFCAA, pursuant to which the SEC will identify a Commission-Identified Issuer if an issuer has filed an annual
report containing an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect
or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction, and will then impose a trading prohibition
on an issuer after it is identified as and remains a Commission-Identified Issuer for three consecutive years. If we remain identified
as a Commission-Identified Issuer and have a non-inspection year, there is no assurance that we will be able to take remedial
measures in a timely manner. 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on
its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China and Hong Kong, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in such jurisdictions. 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would amend the
HFCAA and reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the listing and trading prohibitions under
the HFCAA from three years to two years. 

The SEC may propose additional rules or guidance that
could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection. For example, on August 6, 2020, the President s Working
Group on Financial Markets (the PWG ), issued the Report on Protecting United States Investors from Significant Risks from
Chinese Companies to the then President of the United States. This report recommended that the SEC implement five recommendations to address
companies from jurisdictions that do not provide the PCAOB with sufficient access to fulfil its statutory mandate. Some of the concepts
of these recommendations were implemented with the enactment of the HFCAA. However, some of the recommendations were more stringent than
the HFCAA. For example, if a company was not subject to PCAOB inspection, the report recommended that the transition period before a company
would be delisted would end on January 1, 2022. 

The SEC has announced that the SEC staff is preparing
a consolidated proposal for the rules regarding the implementation of the HFCAA and to address the recommendations in the PWG report.
It is unclear when the SEC will complete its rulemaking and when such rules will become effective and what, if any, of the PWG recommendations
will be adopted. The SEC has also announced amendments to various annual report forms to accommodate the certification and disclosure
requirements of the HFCAA. There could be additional regulatory or legislative requirements or guidance that could impact us if our auditor
is not subject to PCAOB inspection. The implications of this possible regulation or guidance in addition to the requirements of the HFCAA
are uncertain, and such uncertainty could cause the market price of our securities to be materially and adversely affected. 

Since the PCAOB is unable to conduct inspections or
full investigations of our auditor, in May 2022, we were added to the SEC s conclusive lists of issuers identified under the HFCAA,
or a Commission-Identified Issuer. We will be delisted and our securities will be prohibited from being traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC Nasdaq or any other national securities exchange or the over-the-counter trading market if we remain identified as
a Commission-Identified Issuer for three consecutive years (or two if the AHFCAA is enacted). Such a delisting would substantially impair
your ability to sell or purchase our securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting
could have a negative impact on the price of our securities. Also, such a delisting could significantly affect our ability to raise capital
on acceptable terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

18 

Inspections of other audit firms that the PCAOB has
conducted outside the PRC have identified deficiencies in those firms audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may
be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. If the PCAOB were unable to conduct inspections or full
investigations of our auditor, we and our investors would be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. In addition, the inability
of the PCAOB to conduct inspections or full investigations of auditors would make it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our
independent registered public accounting firm s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors that are
subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors and potential investors to lose confidence in the audit procedures and reported
financial information and the quality of our financial statements. 

Our contractual arrangements may not be as effective
in providing operational control as direct ownership and our VIE shareholders may fail to perform their obligations under our contractual
arrangements. 

Since the laws of Taiwan limit foreign equity ownership
in certain businesses in Taiwan, we operate such business in Taiwan through our VIE (variable interest entity), Meixin Institutional Food
Development Co., Ltd., a Taiwan corporation Meixin ), in which we have no ownership interest and rely on a series of contractual
arrangements with Meixin and its respective equity holders to control and operate the VIE. Our revenue and cash flows from such business
are attributed to our VIE. The contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over
our VIE. Direct ownership would allow us, for example, to directly or indirectly exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes
in the board of directors of our VIE, which, in turn, could effect changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations at the management
level. However, under the contractual arrangements, as a legal matter, if our VIE or its equity holders fail to perform their respective
obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend significant resources to enforce those
arrangements and resort to litigation or arbitration and rely on legal remedies under the laws of Taiwan. These remedies may include seeking
specific performance or injunctive relief and claiming damages, any of which may not be effective. In the event we are unable to enforce
these contractual arrangements or we experience significant delays or other obstacles in the process of enforcing these contractual arrangements,
we may not be able to exert effective control over our VIE and may lose control over the assets owned by our VIE. As a result, we may
be unable to consolidate our VIE in our consolidated financial statements, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

We may lose the ability to use, or otherwise
benefit from licenses and assets held by our VIE, which could render us unable to conduct some or all of our business operations and constrain
our growth. 

Our VIE, Meixin, holds assets, approvals and licenses
that are necessary for the operation of a certain portion of our business to which foreign investments are typically restricted or prohibited
under the laws of Taiwan. Without our VIE, and if we are unable to maintain the license that is necessary for us to conduct our operations
in Taiwan or fail to obtain any other required licenses, we will be unable to operate in Taiwan. The contractual arrangements contain
terms that specifically obligate the equity holders of our VIE to ensure the valid existence of our VIE and restrict the disposition of
material assets or any equity interest of our VIE. However, in the event the equity holders of our VIE breach the terms of these contractual
arrangements and voluntarily liquidate our VIE, or our VIE declares bankruptcy and all or part of its assets become subject to liens or
rights of third-party creditors, or are otherwise disposed of without our consent, we may be unable to operate some or all of our business
or otherwise benefit from the assets held by our VIE, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Furthermore, if our VIE undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, its equity holders or
unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of the assets of our VIE, thereby hindering our ability to operate our
business as well as constrain our growth. 

Geopolitical conditions,
including trade disputes and direct or indirect acts of war or terrorism, could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial
results. 

Since we operate on a global
basis, our operations could be disrupted by geopolitical conditions, trade disputes, international boycotts and sanctions, political and
social instability, acts of war, terrorist activity or other similar events. From time to time, we could have a large investment in a
particular asset type, a large revenue stream associated with a particular customer or industry, or a large number of customers located
in a particular geographic region. Decreased demand from a discrete event impacting a specific asset type, customer, industry, or region
in which we have a concentrated exposure could negatively impact our results of operations. 

19 

In February 2022, Russia initiated significant military
action against Ukraine. In response, the U.S. and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and export controls against Russia,
Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business, and financial organizations, and
the U.S. and certain other countries could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory actions should the conflict
continue or worsen. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including related geopolitical tensions, and
the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in respect thereof as well as any counter measures or retaliatory
actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including, for example, potential cyberattacks or the disruption of energy exports, is likely
to cause regional instability and geopolitical shifts and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional
economies and the global economy. In addition, the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East may further impact global economic conditions
and market sentiments. This, in turn, could adversely affect the trading price of our shares of common stock and investor interest in
us. 

The Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle
East remain uncertain, and while it is difficult to predict the impact of any of the foregoing, the conflict and actions taken in response
to the conflict could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, reduce our sales and earnings, impair our ability to raise additional
capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We continue to expand
our international footprint and operations, and we may expand further in the future, which subjects us to a variety of risks and complexities
which, if not effectively managed, could negatively affect our business. 

We currently maintain operations
in Taiwan, and may in the future expand, or seek to expand, our operations to additional foreign jurisdictions. 

For example, operating in
Europe exposes us to political, legal and economic risks. In addition, a significant percentage of the production, downstream processing
and sales of our products occurs outside the United States or with vendors, suppliers or customers located outside the United States.
If tariffs or other restrictions are placed by the United States on foreign imports from Taiwan or other countries where we operate or
seek to operate, or any related countermeasures are taken, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects
may be harmed. Tariffs may increase our cost of goods, which could result in lower gross margins on certain of our products. If we raise
prices to account for any such increase in costs of goods, the competitiveness of the affected products could potentially be reduced.
In either case, increased tariffs on imports from Taiwan or other countries where we operate or seek to operate could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Trade restrictions and sanctions implemented by the United States
or other countries, including sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and other countries due to Russia s recent invasion
of Ukraine, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are
increasingly dependent on information technology, and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity and data
leakage risks. 

 Significant disruptions to our
information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. In the ordinary course of business,
we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain
the confidentiality and integrity of such information. We have also outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure;
as a result, we manage independent vendor relationships with third parties who are responsible for maintaining significant elements of
our information technology systems and infrastructure and who may or could have access to our confidential information. The size and complexity
of our information technology systems, and those of our third-party vendors, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions
and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners or vendors. These systems are also vulnerable
to attacks by malicious third parties and may be susceptible to intentional or accidental physical damage to the infrastructure maintained
by us or by third parties. Maintaining the secrecy of confidential, proprietary and/or trade secret information is important to our competitive
business position. While we have taken steps to protect such information and have invested in systems and infrastructures to do so, there
can be no guarantee that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent
wrongful use or disclosure of confidential information that could adversely affect our business operations or result in the loss, dissemination
or misuse of critical or sensitive information. A breach our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved
dissemination, misappropriation or misuse of trade secrets, proprietary information or other confidential information, whether as a result
of theft, hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, or for any other cause, could enable others to produce competing products,
use our proprietary technology or information and/or adversely affect our business position. Further, any such interruption, security
breach, loss or disclosure of confidential information could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us and could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flow. 

20 

Risks Related to our Securities 

Our common stock has been listed on Nasdaq under
the alternative initial listing standard which could suppress the trading price of our securities and the liquidity of your investment. 

Since the price per unit in the Public Offering was
 3.50, our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the alternative initial listing standard pursuant to Nasdaq Rule
5550(a)(1)(B). A company that qualifies only for initial listing under Nasdaq s alternative listing standard could become a penny
stock if it later fails the net tangible assets and revenue tests after listing and does not satisfy any of the other exclusions
from being a penny stock contained in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act. In order to assist brokers and dealers compliance
with the requirements of the penny stock rules, Nasdaq monitors companies listed under the alternative requirement and publishes on its
website on a daily basis a list of any company that was initially listed under the alternative initial listing standard, which no longer
satisfies the net tangible assets or revenue test contained in Nasdaq Rule 5505(a)(1)(B), and which does not satisfy any of the other
exclusions from being a penny stock contained in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act. If a company initially lists with a bid price below
 4.00 under the alternative initial listing standard contained in Nasdaq Rule 5505(a)(1)(B), but subsequently achieves a 4.00 closing
price for at least five consecutive business days and, at the same time, satisfies all other initial listing criteria, it will no longer
be considered as having listed under the alternative requirement, and Nasdaq will notify the company that it has qualified for listing
under the price requirement contained in Rule 5505(a)(1)(A). Although we satisfy the other listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital
Market, there is no guarantee that our common stock will achieve a 4.00 closing price for at least five consecutive trading days and
that will be deemed to not have been listed under the Nasdaq alternative listing standard. Until we are no longer considered to have been
listed under Nasdaq s alternative initial listing standard, the trading prices and liquidity of your securities might be adversely
affected. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting. Failure to maintain effective internal controls could cause our investors to lose confidence
in us and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If our internal controls are not effective, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section
404 requires that we maintain internal control over financial reporting that meets applicable standards. We may err in the design
or operation of our controls, and all internal control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because there are inherent limitations in all control systems, there can
be no assurance that all control issues have been or will be detected. 

As of December
31, 2023, we did not maintain effective controls over the control environment. Our weaknesses related to a lack of a sufficient
number of personnel with appropriate training and experience in U.S. general acceptable accounting principles (GAAP) and SEC rules and
regulations with respect to financial reporting functions. Furthermore, we lack robust accounting systems as well as sufficient resources
to hire such staff and implement these accounting systems. 

If we are unable, or are perceived as unable, to produce
reliable financial reports due to internal control deficiencies, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
and operating results, which could result in a negative market reaction and a decrease in our stock price. 

We have a large number of authorized but unissued
shares of our common stock which will dilute your ownership position when issued. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000
shares of common stock, of which approximately 187,043,013 shares are available for issuance. Our management will continue to have broad
discretion to issue shares of our common stock in a range of transactions, including capital-raising transactions, mergers, acquisitions
and other transactions, without obtaining stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required under law or under Nasdaq Rule
5635(b) which requires stockholder approval for change of control transactions where a stockholder acquires 20 of a Nasdaq-listed company s
common stock or securities convertible into common stock, calculated on a post-transaction basis. If our management determines to issue
shares of our common stock from the large pool of authorized but unissued shares for any purpose in the future and is not required to
obtain stockholder approval, your ownership position would be diluted without your further ability to vote on that transaction. 

21 

Sales of our currently issued and outstanding
shares of common stock and shares of common stock underlying warrants may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the
market for your shares and have a depressive effect on the price of the shares of our common stock. 

Approximately 58 of the shares of common stock are
 restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act Rule 144 ). As restricted securities,
these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable
exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence
that a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock. 

Under Rule 144, affiliates who have held restricted
securities for a period of at least six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number
of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1 of a company s outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading
volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if
available, or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares
of common stock in any active market that may develop. 

An active, liquid, and orderly market for our
common stock may not develop. 

Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq. An active trading
market for our common stock may never develop or be sustained. If an active market for our common stock does not continue to develop or
is not sustained, it may be difficult for investors to sell their shares of common stock without depressing the market price and investors
may not be able to sell their securities at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our securities
and may impair our ability to acquire other businesses, applications, or technologies using our securities as consideration, which, in
turn, could materially adversely affect our business and the market prices of your shares of common stock. 

Shares of our common stock may continue to be
subject to illiquidity because our shares may continue to be thinly traded and may never become eligible for trading on a national securities
exchange. 

While our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital
Market, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain listing on Nasdaq. There are continuing eligibility requirements for Nasdaq-listed
companies. If we are unable to satisfy the continuing eligibility requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock could be delisted. This could
result in a lower trading price for our common stock and may limit your ability to sell your shares, any of which could result in you
losing some or all of your investments. 

We may issue preferred stock in different series
with terms that could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. 

While we have no specific plan to issue preferred
stock in different series, our amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended Articles of Incorporation authorizes
us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more series of preferred stock having such designation, relative powers,
preferences (including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions), voting rights, terms of conversion or
redemption, and other relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, if any, of the shares of each such series of preferred
stock and any qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, as our Board may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series
of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, the repurchase or redemption rights
or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of a specific preferred stock class could affect the residual value of the common
stock. 

22 

The market valuation of our business may fluctuate
due to factors beyond our control and the value of your investment may fluctuate correspondingly. 

The market valuations of smaller reporting companies,
such as us, frequently fluctuate due to factors unrelated to the past or present operating performance of such companies. Our market valuation
may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

changes in securities analysts estimates of our financial performance, although there are currently no analysts covering our stock; 

fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes, particularly among securities of smaller reporting companies; 

fluctuations in related commodities prices; and 

additions or departures of key personnel. 

As a result, the value of your investment in us may
fluctuate. 

The trading prices of our common stock could
be volatile and could decline following this offering at a time when you want to sell your holdings. 

Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control,
may cause the trading prices of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include: 

quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; 

delays in end-user deployments of products; 

fluctuations in related commodities prices; 

announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

intellectual property infringements; 

our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation; 

major changes in our Board or management; 

changes in governmental regulations; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

the impact of any future
 COVID-19 outbreak or similar epidemic on capital markets; 

our failure to generate material revenues; 

our public disclosure of the terms of this financing and any financing which we consummate in the future; 

any acquisitions we may consummate; 

short selling activities; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 

changes in the prices of commodities associated with our business; and 

general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of end markets. 

23 

Additionally, the global
economy and financial markets may be adversely affected by geopolitical events, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the conflicts
in the Middle East. 

Securities class action litigation is often instituted
against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs to us
and divert our management s attention and resources. 

Moreover, securities markets may from time to time
experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies, such
as the uncertainty associated with any future COVID-19 outbreaks. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common
stock and other interests in our Company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. 

Future sales or perceived sales of our common
stock could depress the trading prices of our common stock. 

If the holders of our securities were to attempt to
sell a substantial amount of their holdings at once, the market prices of our common stock could decline. Moreover, the perceived risk
of this potential dilution could cause stockholders to attempt to sell their securities and investors to short such securities, a practice
in which an investor sells securities that he or she does not own at prevailing market prices, hoping to purchase such securities later
at a lower price to cover the sale. As each of these events would cause the number of shares of our common stock being offered for sale
to increase, our common stock market price would likely further decline and if such market price is less than the exercise price of the
warrants, make the warrants worthless. All of these events could combine to make it very difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 

Our common stock may be affected by limited
trading volume and price fluctuations, which could adversely impact the value of our common stock. 

Our common stock has experienced, and is likely to
experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock
without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors such as quarterly fluctuations in our financial results
and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial markets could cause the market prices of our common stock to fluctuate
substantially. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that we will have poor results
in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our common
stock will be stable or appreciate over time. 

We currently do not intend to declare dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as a result, your returns on your investment may depend solely on the appreciation
of our common stock. 

We currently do not expect to declare any dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings in the foreseeable future will be used
to provide working capital, support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. Any determination to declare
or pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable laws and dependent upon a number of factors,
including our earnings, capital requirements and overall financial conditions. In addition, terms of any future debt or preferred securities
may further restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your
investment in our common stock may be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. The market
price for our common stock may never exceed, and may fall below, the price that you pay for such common stock. 

Because we initially became a reporting company
under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not be able to attract the attention
of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 

Because we did not initially
become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our common stock on a national securities exchange,
securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us. In addition, investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite
secondary offerings on our behalf than they might have if we initially became a public reporting company by means of an underwritten initial
public offering on a national securities exchange, because they may be less familiar with us as a result of more limited coverage by analysts
and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development. The failure to receive research coverage or support
in the market for our shares will have an adverse effect on our ability to develop a liquid market for our common stock. 

24 

Because we were a shell
company before we conducted a reverse merger, holders of restricted shares will not be able to rely on exemption Rule 144 to resell their
shares unless we comply with Rule 144(i). 

Additional risks may exist as a result of our becoming
a public reporting company through a reverse merger. Certain SEC rules are more restrictive when applied to reverse merger
companies, such as the ability of stockholders to re-sell their shares pursuant to Rule 144. 

Historically, the SEC has taken the position that
Rule 144 under the Securities Act is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously
were, blank check companies, to their promoters or affiliates despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144. The SEC
has codified and expanded this position in its amendments effective on February 15, 2008, which applies to securities acquired both before
and after that date by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for the resale of securities issued by shell companies (other than business transaction
related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception
to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

In addition, for proposed
sales under Rule 144(i)(2), there must be adequate current information about the issuing company publicly available before the sale can
be made. For reporting companies, this generally means that the companies have complied with the periodic reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act. As such, due to the fact that we were a shell company until the effective time of the reverse merger, holders of restricted
securities within the meaning of Rule 144 will be subject to the above conditions. 

We may not be able to satisfy the continued
listing requirements of Nasdaq to maintain a listing of our common stock. 

As a Nasdaq-listed company, we must meet certain financial
and liquidity criteria to maintain such listing. If we violate the maintenance requirements for continued listing of our common stock,
our common stock may be delisted. In addition, our Board may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities
exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may materially impair our stockholders 
ability to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market
for, our common stock. In addition, the delisting of our common stock could significantly impair our ability to raise capital. 

We are an emerging growth company 
and a smaller reporting company under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company and
a smaller reporting company as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies and smaller reporting
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

25 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take
advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed 1.235 billion,
if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

We may continue to be a smaller reporting company
even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller
reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as (i) the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates is equal to or less than 250 million as of the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, and (ii) our annual revenues is equal to or less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is equal to or less than 700 million as of the last business day of the most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our common
stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there
may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. In addition, taking advantage
of reduced disclosure obligations may make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.
If investors are unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry, we may not be able to raise additional capital as
and when we need it, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The elimination of personal liability against
our directors and officers under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors, officers and employees
may result in substantial expenses. 

Our Articles of Incorporation and our amended and
restated bylaws Bylaws eliminate the personal liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for damages
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent permissible under Nevada law. Further, our Articles of Incorporation
and our Bylaws provide that we are obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized by Nevada
law and, subject to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action, suit or proceeding
prior to its final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement
or damage awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further, those provisions and resulting costs may
discourage us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers for breaches of their
fiduciary duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to any charter provision,
by law or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit
to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

26 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will depend
in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Several analysts may cover
our stock. If one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our
stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

The inability to use Form S-3 for securities
offerings could adversely affect our ability to access capital in the markets and may hinder our growth strategies by limiting our funding
options . 

In 2022, we acquired Meixin, a strategic addition
to our portfolio aimed at enhancing market position and broadening our product offerings. Subsequent to this acquisition, the SEC inquired
about the financial information of Meixin as part of our regulatory filings. Despite our efforts to comply with these inquiries, we have
been unable to provide complete financial information regarding Meixin due to the inability to locate Meixin s financial information.
This rendered us incapable of providing the SEC with the requisite financial statements that it requires in connection with the Meixin
acquisition. 

As a result, the SEC has informed us that we are restricted
from filing a registration statement on Form S-3, which is commonly used for investment activities, until the time the financial information
for Meixin is no longer required to be included in a registration statement on Form S-3 (i.e., when the 2022 financials are no longer
needed to be included in a registration statement). This restriction effectively limits our ability to engage in certain securities offerings
under a Form S-3 registration statement until after the financials for the period ended September 30, 2024 go stale. 

The inability to use Form S-3 for securities offerings
could adversely affect our ability to access capital in the markets and may hinder our growth strategies by limiting our funding options.
These restrictions may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our peers who have greater access to capital in the markets.
This situation may potentially affect the confidence of investors and our stock price. 

We are actively exploring alternative financing strategies
and other measures to mitigate the impact of this restriction on our operations and growth prospects. There can be no assurance that these
efforts will be successful or that the restriction will not have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 

We acknowledge the increasing importance of cybersecurity
in today s digital and interconnected world. Cybersecurity threats pose significant risks to the integrity of our systems and data,
potentially impacting our business operations, financial condition and reputation. 

As a smaller reporting company, we currently do not
have formalized cybersecurity measures, a dedicated cybersecurity team or specific protocols in place to manage cybersecurity risks. Our
approach to cybersecurity is in the developmental stage, and we have not yet conducted comprehensive risk assessments, established an
incident response plan or engaged with external cybersecurity consultants for assessments or services. 

Given our current stage of cybersecurity development,
we have not experienced any significant cybersecurity incidents to date. However, we recognize that the absence of a formalized cybersecurity
framework may leave us vulnerable to cyberattacks, data breaches and other cybersecurity incidents. Such events could potentially lead
to unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, sensitive information, disrupt our business operations, result in regulatory fines or litigation
costs and negatively impact our reputation among customers and partners. 

27 

We are in the process of evaluating our cybersecurity
needs and developing appropriate measures to enhance our cybersecurity posture. This includes considering the engagement of external cybersecurity
experts to advise on best practices, conducting vulnerability assessments and developing an incident response strategy. Our goal is to
establish a cybersecurity framework that is commensurate with our size, complexity and the nature of our operations, thereby reducing
our exposure to cybersecurity risks. 

In addition, the Board will oversee any cybersecurity
risk management framework and a dedicated committee of the Board or an officer appointed by the Board will review and approve any cybersecurity
policies, strategies and risk management practices. 

Despite our efforts to improve our cybersecurity measures,
there can be no assurance that our initiatives will fully mitigate the risks posed by cyber threats. The landscape of cybersecurity risks
is constantly evolving, and we will continue to assess and update our cybersecurity measures in response to emerging threats. 

For a discussion of potential cybersecurity risks affecting us, please
refer to the following risk factor in the Risk Factors section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risks
Related to Our Business We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and our systems and infrastructure face certain
risks, including cybersecurity and data leakage risks. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our headquarter is located at 3F (Building
B), No. 185, Sec. 1, Datong Rd., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 221, Taiwan (R.O.C.). The office is rented by Taiwan Grand Smooth Enterprise
Co., Ltd., a company 100 controlled by Yin-Chieh Cheng, our former President, former Chief Executive Officer, and former Chairman of
the Board. Mr. Cheng sub-leases this space to us, which is free of charge. 

As of March 31 2023, we own 229 contiguous acres of
land located in Montgomery County, Alabama. We intend to build RASs on the land for fish
farming. T he property includes a house, a manufactured home and a building site with sewer and power
which we intend to develop into an office and dormitory for our future employees. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are currently not a party to any legal or administrative
proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings against us in all material aspects. We
may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

28 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock, par value 0.001, is listed on The
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NCRA. 

Stockholders 

As of April 1, 2024, we had approximately 508
stockholders of record of our common stock, not including shares held in street name. 

Dividends 

We do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of
our business. The decision whether to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be made by our Board, at its discretion, and will depend
on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and other factors that the Board considers significant. 

We did not pay cash dividends in the years ended December 31, 2023 or 2022. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Mountain Share
Transfer, LLC. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

In 2018, the Board and stockholders adopted Nocera,
Inc. s 2018 Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan, effective December 31, 2018 (the 2018 Plan ). The 2018 Plan provides
for the grant of the following types of stock awards: (i) incentive stock options, (ii) non-statutory stock options, and (iii) stock purchase
rights. The 2018 Plan is intended to help us secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such
persons to exert maximum efforts for our success and any affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from
increases in value of the common stock. The 2018 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Board reserved 6,666,667 (post-split)
shares of common stock under the 2018 Plan. No awards have been granted to any employees or consultants pursuant to the 2018 Plan. As
of December 31, 2023, a total of 5,956,667 shares of common stock are available for future issuance pursuant to the 2018 Plan. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Issuance of Common Stock 

On March 22, 2023, we issued 450,000 shares of our common stock to our investor relation company, Hanover One International, Inc. 

On July 31, 2023, we entered into an Employment Agreement with Andy Ching-An Jin, our Chief Executive Officer, in which, among other things, we issued a total of 240,000 shares of restricted stock, of which 60,000 shares vest at the end of every three months for a period of one year starting from July 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, a total of 60,000 shares vested. 

On October 11, 2023, we issued 20,000 shares of our common stock to our consultant, Yu-Hao Chang. 

On December 27, 2023, we issued a total of 1,057,692 shares of common stock to the estate of Mr. Cheng, our former Chief Executive Officer, former President, former Chairman of the Board, and former director, as a result of the exercise of Series A warrants. 

29 

The foregoing securities were issued in reliance on
the exclusion from registration provided by either (i) Rule 701 of the Securities Act because the issuance was made pursuant to a compensatory
benefit plan, (ii) Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act of the Securities Act because the recipient was a non-U.S.
Person (as defined under Rule 902 Section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), or (iii) Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act due to the fact the
issuance did not involve a public offering of securities to a U.S. Person. 

EQUITY PLAN INFORMATION 

Plan Category: 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights: 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights: 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance: 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan: 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

5,956,667 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

5,956,667 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In
addition, our consolidated financial statements and the financial data included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our reorganization
and have been prepared as if our current corporate structure had been in place throughout the relevant periods. Actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. For additional information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties,
please see the items listed above under the section captioned Risk Factors , as well as any other cautionary language
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Operations Overview 

As of December 31, 2019, we provide land-based recirculation
aquaculture systems for fish farming. Our primary business operations consist of the design, development and production of RASs large
scale fish tank systems, for fish farms along with expert consulting, technology transfer and aquaculture project management services
to new and existing aquaculture management business services. Through our branch office, we also procure and sell eel in Taiwan. In addition,
as of December 2022, we sell food items, including our signature seafood porridge bowl, through our flagship bento box store located at
the Ning Xia Night Market in the Datong District of Taipei City, Taiwan. 

30 

In October 2020, the government of Taiwan began supporting
the Green Power and Solar Sharing Fish Farms initiative. In view of the opportunities resulting from this initiative, in October 2020,
Nocera ceased all of its operations in China and moved all of its technology and back-office operations to Taiwan. We now only operate
out of Taiwan. 

Our current mission is to provide consulting services
and solutions in aquaculture projects to reduce water pollution and decrease the disease problems of fisheries. Our goal is to become
a global leader in the land-based aquaculture business. We are now poised to grow our existing operations in Taiwan and expand into the
development and management of land-based fish farms in Taiwan and North and South America. We do not currently have any intentions of
conducting operations in China or Hong Kong. 

Effective December 31, 2020, we entered into a series
of contractual agreements with Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd., a funded limited liability company registered in Taiwan (R.O.C.), whereby
we agreed to provide technical consulting and related services to XFC. On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Purchase of Business Agreement
with Han-Chieh Shih, in which we sold our controlling interest of XFC, to the Purchaser for a total purchase cash price of 300,000. The
closing of the XFC Sale occurred on November 30, 2022 and the XFC VIE agreements were terminated in connection with the XFC Sale. As of
the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no intention of providing services to construct indoor RASs and solar sharing
fish farms in Taiwan. 

As of September 30, 2021, we launched our first RAS
demo site in Taiwan and engaged the demo site into the testing phase to raise eel. Currently, we are promoting our RASs in Taiwan and
looking for opportunities to cooperate with local solar energy industry and to expand our business into the U.S. We believe the U.S. is
a potentially lucrative market to penetrate. 

On September 7, 2022, we entered into a series of
contractual agreements with the majority stockholder of Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd., a Taiwan corporation and a food
processing and catering company, and Meixin, of which we purchased 80 controlling interest of Meixin for 4,300,000. The Meixin VIE Agreements essentially
confer control and management of Meixin as well as substantially all of the economic benefits of the Selling Stockholder in Meixin to
us. As a result, we have been determined to be the primary beneficiary of Meixin and Meixin became our VIE. 

On June 1, 2023, Gui Zhou Grand Smooth Technology
Ltd. GZ GST ), one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement dated as of June
1, 2023, as amended, with Zhe Jiang Xin Shui Hu Digital Information, Ltd. Zhe Jiang ), pursuant to which GZ GST acquired
all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Zhe Jiang from the stockholders of Zhe Jiang (the Zhe Jiang Acquisition in exchange for the issuance of 1,500,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share. During the initial transaction process
and our performing due diligence for the closing, we observed that time constraints have led to certain complexities and challenges in
consummating the Acquisition within the originally planned timeframe. We are actively working with Zhe Jiang to resolve such complexities
and challenges and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K if and when the Zhe Jiang Acquisition is consummated. 

We employ a sales and marketing strategy targeting
Taiwan government-supported solar fish farms. We are planning on expanding our sales and marketing model through the use of online marketing,
data intelligence, and the establishment of a distributor network. The online marketing and data intelligence is designed to generate
sales leads internationally outside of Taiwan that can be directed to our sales department for further follow-up. 

We plan to sell and develop fish farms in Taiwan,
the U.S. and Brazil. We expect to sell over five thousand tanks in the next five years. Our production facility is to be established in
Taiwan, and we plan to sell the systems into the Americas and European countries as well. 

We also intend to expend the fish farming demo
sites in Taiwan by adding 20 units of RAS eel farming equipment with outsourcing construction services and build the catfish farm in the
U.S. by the end of 2024 to promote our fish farming systems to the global market. We are expecting more customers from various countries
actively inquiring about our equipment. As of February 16, 2023, we completed the acquisition of 229 acres of land in Montgomery County,
Alabama, of which we intend to build RASs on that land for fish farming. We plan to enhance market penetration through the establishment
of our own fish farms and diversify revenue streams through various sales channels. 

Key Factors Affecting our Performance 

As a result of a number of factors, our historical
results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods, and our results of operations may not be directly
comparable from period to period. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key factors impacting our results of operations. 

31 

Known Trends and Uncertainties 

Inflation 

Prices of certain commodity products, including raw
materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand,
labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, trade restrictions and tariffs. Increasing prices in the component
materials for our goods may impact the availability, the quality and the price of our products, as suppliers search for alternatives to
existing materials and increase the prices they charge. Our suppliers may also fail to provide consistent quality of products as they
may substitute lower cost materials to maintain pricing levels. Nocera s cost base also reflects significant elements for freight,
including fuel, which has significantly increased due to the effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine war and
the conflicts in the Middle East. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices such as fuel and plastic may negatively affect our
profit margins if Nocera is unable to mitigate any inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost reduction
initiatives. 

Geopolitical Conditions 

Our operations could be disrupted
by geopolitical conditions, trade disputes, international boycotts and sanctions, political and social instability, acts of war, terrorist
activity or other similar events. From time to time, we could have a large revenue stream associated with a particular customer or a large
number of customers located in a particular geographic region. Decreased demand from a discrete event impacting a specific customer, industry
or region in which we have a concentrated exposure could negatively impact our results of operations. 

In February 2022, Russia
initiated significant military action against Ukraine. In response, the U.S. and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions
and export controls against Russia, Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business
and financial organizations, and the U.S. and certain other countries could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions and other retaliatory
actions should the conflict continue or worsen. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including related
geopolitical tensions and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in respect thereof as well as any
counter measures or retaliatory actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including, for example, potential cyberattacks or the disruption
of energy exports, is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency
exchange rates, regional economies and the global economy. The situation remains uncertain, and while it is difficult to predict the impact
of any of the foregoing, the conflict and actions taken in response to the conflict could increase our costs, reduce our sales and earnings,
impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Foreign Currency 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and our
operations in Taiwan use their local currency as their functional currencies. Substantially all of our revenue and expenses are in NT
dollars. We are subject to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations with respect to any of such currency. For example, the value of the
NT dollar depends to a large extent on Taiwan government policies and Taiwan s domestic and international economic and political
developments, as well as supply and demand in the local market. 

The income statements of our operations are translated
into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income for
our international operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the financial statements of our
foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. 

32 

Effects of COVID-19 

COVID-19 has globally resulted in the loss of life,
business closures, restrictions on travel and widespread cancellation of social gatherings. The initial spread of COVID-19 in Asia caused
some business disruption resulting in reduced net revenue in December 2019. Even though the COVID-19 pandemic has ended, there continues
to be considerable uncertainty around any future COVID-19 outbreak and its resultant economic effects. Therefore, we expect this matter
to negatively impact our operating results for the foreseeable future if there is any future COVID-19 outbreak. 

The extent to which any future COVID-19 outbreak impacts
our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including: 

new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease; 

the duration and spread of the outbreak; 

the severity of travel restrictions imposed by geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures; 

regulatory actions taken in response to the pandemic, which may impact merchant operations, consumer and merchant pricing and our product offerings; 

other business disruptions that affect our workforce; 

the impact on capital and financial markets; and 

actions taken throughout the world, including in markets in which we operate, to contain any future COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact. 

In addition, COVID-19 has adversely affected global
economies and financial markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future. 

Substantially all our revenues were concentrated in
Taiwan pending expansion into other international markets. Consequently, our results of operations will likely be adversely, and may be
materially affected, to the extent that any future COVID-19 outbreak or any epidemic harms Taiwan s economy and society and the
global economy in general. Any potential impact to our results will depend on, to a large extent, future developments and new information
that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of any future COVID-19 outbreak and the actions taken by government authorities and
other entities to contain any future COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. If the disruptions
posed by any future COVID-19 outbreak or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, the operations of our
business may be materially adversely affected. 

To the extent any future COVID-19 outbreak or a similar
public health threat has an impact on our business, it is likely to also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described
in the Risk Factors section of Part I Item 1A. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Assumptions 

We prepare our financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the financial reporting period. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information,
our own historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use
of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our
accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. We consider the policies discussed below to be
critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

33 

The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those
that are, in management s view, most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and those that
require significant judgments and estimates. 

The accounting principles we utilized in preparing
our consolidated financial statements conform in all material respects to U.S. GAAP. 

Reclassification 

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified
to conform with current year presentation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, the allowance for doubtful
receivables; the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets; impairment of long-lived assets; recoverability of the
carrying amount of inventory; fair value of financial instruments; provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates for certain income
tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act and the assessment of deferred tax assets or liabilities. These estimates
are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Financial Assets 

The classification of financial assets depends
on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition. Regular way purchases or sales
of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date or settlement date basis for which financial assets were classified
in the same way, respectively. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets
within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. 

a) 
 Category
of financial assets and measurement 

Financial assets are classified into the following categories: financial assets
at fair value through profit or loss FVTPL ), investments in debt instruments and equity instruments at fair value through
other comprehensive income FVTOCI ), and financial assets at amortized cost. 

1) 
 Financial asset at FVTPL 

For certain financial assets which include debt instruments that do not meet the criteria of amortized cost or FVTOCI, it is mandatorily required to measure them at FVTPL. Any gain or loss arising from remeasurement is recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss incorporates any interest earned on the financial asset. 

2) 
 Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI 

Debt instruments with contractual terms specifying
 that cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, together with objective of collecting
 contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets, are measured at FVTOCI. 
 
 Interest income calculated using the effective
 interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment gains or losses on investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI are recognized
 in profit or loss. Other changes in the carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognized in other comprehensive income and will
 be reclassified to profit or loss when these debt instruments are disposed. 

34 

3) 
 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI 

On initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably
 designate investments in equity investments that is not held for trading as at FVTOCI. 
 
 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are
 subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
 and accumulated in other equity. 
 
 Dividends on these investments in equity instruments
 at FVTOCI are recognized in profit or loss when the Company s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the Company s
 rights clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. 

4) 
 Measured at amortized cost 

Cash and cash equivalents, commercial paper, debt
 instrument investments, notes and accounts receivable (including related parties), other receivables, refundable deposits and temporary
 payments (including those classified under other current assets and other noncurrent assets) are measured at amortized cost. 
 
 Debt instruments with contractual terms specifying
 that cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, together with objective of holding
 financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, are measured at amortized cost. 
 
 Subsequent to initial recognition, financial assets
 measured at amortized cost are measured at amortized cost, which equals to carrying amount determined by the effective interest method
 less any impairment loss. 

b) 
 Impairment
of financial assets 

At the end of each reporting period,
a loss allowance for expected credit loss is recognized for financial assets at amortized cost (including accounts receivable) and for
investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI. 

The
loss allowance for accounts receivable is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. For financial assets at amortized
cost and investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, when the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased
significantly since initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognized at an amount equal to expected credit loss resulting from possible
default events of a financial instrument within 12 months after the reporting date. If, on the other hand, there has been a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognized at an amount equal to expected credit loss resulting
from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. 

The Company recognizes an impairment
loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance
account, except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is recognized in other comprehensive
income and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset. 

c) 
 Derecognition
of financial assets 

The Company derecognizes a financial
asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset to another entity. 

On derecognition of a financial asset
at amortized cost in its entirety, the difference between the asset s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received
and receivable is recognized in profit or loss. On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument at FVTOCI, the difference between
the asset s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable and the cumulative gain or loss that had been
recognized in other comprehensive income is recognized in profit or loss. However, on derecognition of an investment in an equity instrument
at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred directly to retained earnings,
without recycling through profit or loss. 

35 

Fair Value Measurement 

We apply ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands financial statement disclosure requirements
for fair value measurements. 

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that
would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) on the measurement date in an orderly transaction
between market participants in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 

ASC Topic 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques,
which is based on whether the inputs into the valuation technique are observable or unobservable. The hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted
prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either
directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable
and significant to the fair value. Unobservable inputs are valuation technique inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

Our management is responsible for determining the
assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangibles identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including
valuations from an independent appraiser. 

When available, we use quoted market prices to determine
the fair value of an asset or liability. If quoted market prices are not available, we measure fair value using valuation techniques
that use, when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates and currency rates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents include all cash on hand
and cash in bank with no restrictions. The balance of cash as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 1,229,580 and 2,906,074, respectively. 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

Accounts receivable are stated at the original amount
less an allowance for doubtful accounts, if any, based on a review of all outstanding amounts at period end. An allowance is also made
when there is objective evidence that we will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables.
We analyze the aging of the customer accounts, coverage of credit insurance, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, historical
and current economic trends and changes in its customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. 

36 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets, Net 

Prepaid expense and other assets, net consist of receivable
from prepaid rent, etc. Management reviews its receivable balance each reporting period to determine if an allowance for doubtful accounts
is required. An allowance for doubtful account is recorded in the period in which loss is determined to be probable based on an assessment
of specific evidence indicating doubtful collection, historical experience, account balance aging and prevailing economic conditions.
Bad debts are written off against the allowance after all collection efforts have ceased. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at lower of cost or net realizable
value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method. Inventories include raw materials, work in progress and finished goods. The
variable production overhead is allocated to each unit of product on the basis of the actual use of the production facilities. The allocation
of fixed production overhead to the costs of conversion is based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. 

Where there is evidence that the utility of inventories,
in their disposal in the ordinary course of business, will be less than cost, whether due to physical deterioration, obsolescence, changes
in price levels or other causes, the inventories are written down to net realizable value. 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Cost represents the purchase price of the asset and other costs incurred to bring the asset into its existing use. Maintenance,
repairs and betterments, including replacement of minor items, are charged to expense; major additions to physical properties are capitalized. 

Depreciation of property and equipment is provided
using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which are shown as follows. 

Useful life 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Shorter of the remaining lease terms and estimated useful lives 
 
 Land 
 Indefinite, as per land titles 
 
 Furniture and fixture 
 5 years 
 
 Equipment 
 3 years 
 
 Machinery 
 5 years 
 
 Vehicle 
 5 years 

Upon sale or disposal, the applicable amounts of asset
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the net amount less proceeds from disposal is charged or credited
to income. 

37 

Business Combination 

For a business combination, the assets acquired, the
liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recognized at the acquisition date and measured at their fair
values as of that date. In a business combination achieved in stages, the identifiable assets and liabilities, as well as the noncontrolling
interest in the acquiree, are recognized at the full amounts of their fair values. In a bargain purchase in which the total acquisition-date
fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the fair value of the consideration transferred plus any noncontrolling interest
in the acquiree, that excess in earnings is recognized as a gain attributable to the acquirer. 

Deferred tax liability and assets are recognized for
the deferred tax consequences of differences between the tax bases and the recognized values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
in a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740-10. 

Variable Interest Entity 

A variable interest entity VIE is
an entity (investee) is an entity in which the investor has obtained a controlling interest even if it has less than a majority of voting
rights, according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). A VIE is subject to consolidation if a VIE meets one of the following
three criteria as elaborated in ASC Topic 810-10, Consolidation: 

(a) 
 equity-at-risk is not sufficient to support the entity s activities; 

(b) 
 as a group, the equity-at-risk holders cannot control the entity; or 

(c) 
 the economics do not coincide with the voting interest. 

If a firm is the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the
holdings must be disclosed on the balance sheet. The primary beneficiary is defined as the person or company with the majority of variable
interests. A corporation formed, owned, and operated by two or more businesses (ventures) as a separate and discrete business or project
(venture) for their mutual benefit is defined as a joint venture. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

We recognize goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other . Goodwill is the excess of cost of an acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed
in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually as of October 1st of each year, and is
tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired.
An impairment charge for goodwill is recognized only when the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, is less than
its carrying amount. 

We recognize intangibles assets in accordance with
ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Acquired intangible assets subject to amortization are stated at cost and are
amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Intangible assets that are subject to amortization
are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Assets not
subject to amortization are tested for impairment at least annually. 

The estimates of fair value are based on the best
information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporates management assumptions about expected future cash
flows. Although these assets are not currently impaired, there can be no assurance that future impairments will not occur. 

38 

Share-Based Compensation 

We determine
our share-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (ASC
718), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees based
on the grant date fair value of the award. 

Determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating
the fair value of phantom award grants requires the input of subjective assumptions. We use the Black-Scholes pricing model to value our
phantom awards. Share-based compensation expense is calculated using our best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of management s judgment. Significant estimates include our expected volatility. If different estimates and assumptions
had been used, our phantom unit valuations could be significantly different and related share-based compensation expense may be materially
impacted. 

The Black-Scholes pricing model requires inputs such
as the risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected volatility and expected dividend yield. We base the risk-free interest rate that
we use in the Black-Scholes pricing model on zero coupon U.S. Treasury instruments with maturities similar to the expected term of the
award being valued. The expected term of phantom awards is estimated from the vesting period of the award and represents the weighted
average period that our phantom awards are expected to be outstanding. We estimated the volatility based on the historic volatility of
our guideline companies, which we feel best represent our Company. We have never paid and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future and, therefore, we use an expected dividend yield of zero in the pricing model. We account for forfeitures as
they occur. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, we are subject to
contingencies, including legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business that relate to a wide range of matters, such as government
investigations and tax matters. We recognize a liability for such contingency if it determines it is probable that a loss has occurred
and a reasonable estimate of the loss can be made. We may consider many factors in making these assessments including historical and the
specific facts and circumstances of each matter. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenues when our customer obtains control
of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which it expects to receive in exchange for those goods. We
recognize revenues following the five step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, we apply the following
steps: 

Step 1: Identify the contract (s) with a customer 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation in the contract 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation 

We considered revenue is recognized when (or as) we
satisfy performance obligations by transferring a promised goods and provide maintenance service to a customer. Revenue is measured at
the transaction price which is based on the amount of consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for transferring the promised
goods and providing maintenance service to the customer. Contracts with customers are comprised of invoices, and written contracts. 

39 

We do not have arrangements for returns from customers.
We have no sales incentive programs. 

We provide goods, maintenance service warranties for
the goods sold with a period varying from 18 months to 72 months, with the majority of the periods being 18 months, and exclusive sales
agency license to its customers. For performance obligation related to providing products, we expect to recognize the revenue according
to the delivery of products. For performance obligation related to maintenance service warranties, we expect to recognize the revenue
on a ratable basis using a time-based output method. The performance obligations are typically satisfied as services are rendered on a
straight-line basis over the contract term, which is generally for 18 months as a majority of the maintenance service warranties periods
provided are 18 months. For performance obligation related to exclusive agency license, we recognize the revenue ratably upon the satisfaction
over the estimated economic life of the license. 

We do not have amounts of contract assets since revenue
is recognized as control of goods is transferred. The contract liabilities consist of advance payments from customers and deferred revenue.
Advance payments from customers are expected to be recognized as revenue within 12 months. Deferred revenue is expected to be recognized
as revenue within 12 months. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales consists primarily of purchase cost
of merchandise goods, material costs, labor costs, depreciation, and related expenses, which are directly attributable to the production
of the product. Write-down of inventories to lower of cost or net realizable value is also recorded in cost of sales. 

Income Taxes 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method,
deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates, applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, Leases
(ASC Topic 842), which amends the lease requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases. Under the new lease accounting standard, a lessee will
be required to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for most leases on the balance sheet. The new standard also modifies
the classification criteria and accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases, and enhances the disclosure requirements. Leases
will continue to be classified as either finance or operating leases. 

We adopted ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective
transition method effective January 1, 2019. There was no cumulative effect of initially applying ASC Topic 842 that required an adjustment
to the opening retained earnings on the adoption date nor revision of the balances in comparative periods. As a result of the adoption,
we recognized a lease liability and right-of-use asset for each of our existing lease arrangement. The adoption of the new lease standard
does not have a material impact on our consolidated income statement or our consolidated statement of cash flow. 

40 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

We account for uncertainty in income taxes using a
two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition
by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit,
including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest
amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized
and recorded as necessary in the provision for income taxes. According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the statute of
limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or the withholding agent.
The statute of limitations is extended to five years under special circumstances, where the underpayment of taxes is more than RMB 100,000.
In the case of transfer pricing issues, the statute of limitation is ten years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax evasion.
We record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. There are no uncertain tax positions as of December
31, 2023 and 2022, and we have no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. We do not believe that the unrecognized
tax benefits will change over the next twelve months. 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Comprehensive income or loss is comprised of our net
(loss) income and other comprehensive income or loss. The component of other comprehensive income or loss consists solely of foreign currency
translation adjustments, net of the income tax effect. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

Our reporting currency is the United States dollar US ). The functional currency of our VIE in Taiwan is Taiwan New Dollar TWD ), and the functional currency
of our Hong Kong subsidiary is Hong Kong dollars HK ). The functional currency of PRC companies is the Renminbi RMB ).
In the consolidated financial statements, the financial information of our subsidiary and the consolidated VIE has been translated into
US . Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates on the balance sheet date, equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates, except for changes in accumulated deficit during the year which is the result of income statement translation process,
and revenue, expense, gains or losses are translated using the average exchange rate during the year. Translation adjustments are reported
as foreign currency translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income or loss in the consolidated
statements of changes in equity and comprehensive (loss) income. The exchange rates as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are 7.1258 and 6.9646,
respectively. The annual average exchange rates for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are 7.1162 and 6.7208, respectively. 

(Loss) Earnings per Share 

Basic (loss) earnings per share is computed by dividing
net (loss) income attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common shares were
exercised or converted into common shares. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included herewith. 

41 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net Sales 
 23,915,926 
 14,102,138 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (23,720,967 
 (13,846,172 
 
 Gross profit 
 194,959 
 255,966 

Operating expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 
 (2,250,553 

General and administrative expenses 
 (2,225,323 
 (2,772,102 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (4,475,876 
 (2,772,102 

Other income (expense) 
 (40,386 
 417,999 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (4,321,303 
 (2,098,137 

Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (22,703 
 23,808 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (4,344,006 
 (2,074,329 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Loss on disposal 
 
 (2,569,975 
 
 (Loss) income from discontinued operations 
 
 (92,285 
 
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 
 
 (2,662,260 

Net loss 
 (4,344,006 
 (4,736,589 
 
 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 54,395 
 (76,319 
 
 Net loss attributable to Nocera Shareholders 
 (4,289,611 
 (4,812,908 

Other Comprehensive loss 

Net loss 
 (4,344,006 
 (4,736,589 
 
 Foreign currency translation income (loss) 
 4,688 
 (89,688 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 (4,339,318 
 (4,826,257 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 
 6,060 
 (76,319 
 
 Less: Foreign currency translation loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Nocera Shareholders 
 (4,333,258 
 (4,902,596 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 
 (0.4383 
 (0.6111 
 
 Net loss per share from continuing operations basic
 and diluted (1) 
 (0.4383 
 (0.2731 
 
 Net (loss) income per share from discontinued operations 
 basic and diluted (1) 
 
 (0.3380 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 
 9,814,000 
 7,876,367 

(1) 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a 2:3 reverse stock split for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. 

42 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2023 and December 31, 2022 

Revenue 

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023,
was approximately 23.9 million, compared to approximately 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase
of 69.5 . The increase in 2023 revenue was primarily driven by higher trading volumes in the NTB fish trading business and increased
revenue from the Meixin catering business. 

Fish
 Trading Business: In 2023, the increase in revenue from the fish trading business was
 primarily due to a rise in eel trading volume, which increased from 699.2 tons in 2022 to
 931.9 tons in 2023. The average selling price of eels also increased, from 13.8 per kilogram
 in 2022 to 15.55 per kilogram in 2023. However, due to a shortage of suppliers, the Company
 reduced its trading in certain species, including elver, shrimp, and tilapia. 

Catering
 Business: Revenue from the Meixin catering business grew due to an expansion in the vegetable
 and fruit processing service. This service, which includes providing vegetables and fruits
 alongside other meals, contributed to an increase in the volume of bento box sales. The Company
 also noted a significant increase in seafood sales through Meixin, which were sold both with
 bento boxes and separately. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for the year ended December 31,
2023, was approximately 194,959, compared to 255,966 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of 23.8 . The decrease
in gross profit was primarily due to the higher proportion of revenue from the NTB fish trading business, which operates at lower margins
compared to the Meixin catering business. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were approximately
 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a decrease
of 18.5 . The decrease in general and administrative expenses was due to a reduction in consulting fees, discounted audit fees, and lower
wages. A prior reference to the reduction being due to decreased expenses of XFC was incorrect and has been corrected. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense was 40,386 for the year ended
December 31, 2023, compared to other income of 417,999 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The other income in 2022 was primarily
due to the waiver of payables. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we
recorded no income tax expense, compared to an income tax benefit of 23,808 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net Loss Attributable to Us 

 Net
 loss attributable to us (excluding net loss attributable to non-controlling interest) for
 the year ended December 31, 2023, was approximately 4.3 million, compared to a net loss
 attributable to us of approximately 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
 decrease in net loss was primarily due to a goodwill impairment charge related to our catering
 business segment. This impairment resulted from significant changes in market conditions,
 including the sustained impact of long-term remote work policies, which led to the cancellation
 of recurring catering contracts. Additionally, the loss of a key client and a broader decline
 in demand for corporate catering services from large companies contributed to the diminished
 outlook for this segment. These factors collectively necessitated the reassessment of the
 carrying value of goodwill associated with our catering business, resulting in the recorded
 loss. 

43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources; Going Concern 

We had net cash provided by operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the cash balance was approximately 1.2 million as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31,
2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 16,780,128. In their audit report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 included in
this report, our auditors have expressed their concern as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We continue to control our cash expenses as a percentage
of expected revenue on an annual basis and thus may use its cash balances in the short-term to invest in revenue growth. Management is
focused on growing our existing product offering, as well as our customer base, to increase our revenues. Our ability to continue as a
going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate cashflows from operations and obtain financing. We cannot give assurance that
we can increase our cash balances or limit our cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for our planned operations
or future acquisitions. Future business demands may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced. We may need
to raise additional capital in the future. However, we cannot assure that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms,
or at all. Subject to the foregoing, however, management believes that our current cash balances coupled with anticipated cash flow from
operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least one year from the date of issuance of the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 To
 date, we have funded our operations through a combination of revenue generation, loans from
 officers, and the issuance of equity securities. Previously, we had obtained a financial
 support letter from Mr. Yin-Chieh Cheng, our former Chief Executive Officer and principal
 shareholder, which provided access to additional capital when needed. However, as Mr. Cheng
 is no longer a shareholder or officer of the Company, that financial support letter is no
 longer in effect. 

Looking ahead to the next 12 months and beyond,
we believe that our current cash resources, combined with internal revenues and potential external financing sources, will be sufficient
to meet our operational needs and satisfy known contractual obligations, including commitments for capital expenditures. If necessary,
we may pursue additional funding options, such as equity offerings or debt instruments, to ensure liquidity. 

We remain vigilant in monitoring any trends
or uncertainties that could affect our liquidity and are prepared to adjust our plans accordingly. In the event of a material cash shortfall,
we will explore alternative financing solutions, including equity financing, to address any potential deficiencies. Our primary sources
of liquidity include cash on hand, operational revenue, and access to the capital markets. 

On April 1, 2021, we entered in a securities purchase agreement with certain investors for an aggregate of 80,000 shares of its preferred stock at a per share purchase price of 2.50. As part of the transaction, the investors received one Class C warrant and one Class D warrant for the subscription of each preferred share. Each Class C warrant consist of the right to purchase up one share of common stock to at an exercise price of 3.75 per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of issuance. Each Class D warrants consist of the right to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of 7.50 per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of issuance. The subscription was completed on August 10, 2021 

In August 2021, we issued 80,000 shares of preferred shares of 0.001 each at an issue price of 2.50 per share to certain investors credited as fully paid. 

On September 27, 2021, we entered into securities purchase agreements with investors, pursuant to which we issued in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of 32,000 shares of our common stock at a per share purchase price of 3.75. In addition, the investors also received one Class C Warrant and one Class D Warrant for the subscription of each preferred share. On December 31, 2021, we consummated a private offering of 278,667 units at a purchase price of 7.50 per unit to 28 investors for gross proceeds of 2,090,000. Each unit consisted of one share of the Company s common stock and an equity kicker of one share of our common stock, for a total of 557,334 shares of common stock. 

On August 10, 2022, our Registration Statement relating to the Public Offering was declared effective by the SEC. The Public Offering consisted of 1,880,000 units at a public offering price of 3.50 per unit, with each unit consisting of (i) one (1) share of our common stock and (ii) a warrant to purchase two (2) shares of our common stock. We received total gross proceeds of 6.58 million from the Public Offering and after deducting the underwriting commissions, discounts and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 5.3 million. On August 11, 2022, the shares of our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol NCRA. The Shares and the Warrants comprising the units were immediately separable and issued separately in the Public Offering, which closed on August 15, 2022. In connection with the Public Offering and pursuant to the underwriting agreement between the underwriters named therein and us, we granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 282,000 additional shares of our common stock and warrants, equivalent to 15 of the units sold in the Public Offering, at the public offering price of 3.50 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 23, 2022, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 282,000 warrants from us for gross proceeds of 2,820. The warrants were issued to the underwriters on September 26, 2022. 

44 

The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flows
for the periods indicated: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (1,061,851 
 (1,771,551 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (1,057,870 
 (4,030,834 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 463,533 
 6,288,391 
 
 Effect of the exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 
 (20,306 
 (23,941 
 
 (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,676,494 
 462,065 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities amounted
to 1,061,851 for the year ended December 31, 2023 This reflected a net loss of 4,321,303, as adjusted for non-cash items primarily including
depreciation of 171,312, share-based compensation of 163,621, consultancy services settled by equities of 657,900. 

Net cash used in operating activities amounted to
 1,771,551 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This reflected a net loss of 4,736,589, as adjusted for non-cash items primarily including
loss on disposal of XFC of 2,569,975, depreciation of 66,907 and share-based compensation of 413,453, and offset by effect of changes
in working capital including an decrease of 1,221,285 of inventories. 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 1,057,870
for the year ended December 31, 2023 which were primarily attributable to the purchase of equipment and intangible asset. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 4,030,834
for the year ended December 31, 2022 which were primarily cash paid for acquisition of a subsidiary. 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities amounted
to 449,898 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which were primarily arising from proceeds from issuance of common stock during the
year. 

Net cash provided by financing activities amounted
to 6,288,391 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which were primarily arising from proceeds from issuance of common stock and other
borrowings during the year. 

Since we plan to build our land-based fish farming
demo sites in the U.S., Japan and Thailand to promote our fish farming systems to the global market, we expect that we will require additional
capital, which includes construction costs, marketing costs, operation costs, etc., to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect
to obtain financing from stockholders or raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities.
The stockholders are committed to provide additional financing required when we try to raise additional capital from third party investors
or banks. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising this additional capital. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Please refer to the Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included herewith. 

45 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information in this Item. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements and supplementary financial
information required by this Item are set forth immediately following the signature page and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, under the supervision of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation (the Evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide a reasonable
level of assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, due to the presence of material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance
that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within our Company and our consolidated subsidiaries
to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the
controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving their control objectives. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal controls over financial reporting for our Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal
financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

46 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide
absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failure.
Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations,
there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting.
However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the
process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission s Internal Control-Integrated Framework. As a result of this assessment,
we have determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. We had neither the resources,
nor the personnel, to provide an adequate control environment. The following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting continued to exist at December 31, 2023: 

we do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404; 

there is insufficient monitoring and review controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge of GAAP; and 

inadequate segregation of duties. 

We believe that these material weaknesses primarily
relate, in part, to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in GAAP and SEC rules and regulations with respect to financial
reporting functions, and the lack of robust accounting systems, as well as the lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff and implement
these accounting systems. 

Pending obtaining sufficient resources to implement
these measures, we plan to take a number of actions to correct these material weaknesses, including, but not limited to, adding experienced
accounting and financial personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and recommend improvements. However,
we may need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues, and the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve
our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified, (2) ensure that our internal controls are effective
or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses will not result in a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements. 

It should be noted that any system of controls, however
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition,
the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and
other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an
attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our management s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently
exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement. 

47 

Remediation Plan 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we continued
to enhance our internal control over financial reporting in an effort to remediate the material weaknesses described above. We are committed
to ensuring that our internal control over financial reporting is designed and operating effectively. 

We expect to remediate these material weaknesses
in 2024. However, we may discover additional material weaknesses that may require additional time and resources to remediate. Our remediation
process includes, but not limited to: 

Investing in IT systems to enhance our operational and financial reporting and internal controls. 

Enhancing the organizational structure to support financial reporting processes and internal controls. 

Providing guidance, education and training to employees relating to our accounting policies and procedures. 

Further developing and documenting detailed policies and procedures regarding business processes for significant accounts, critical accounting policies and critical accounting estimates. 

Establishing effective general controls over IT systems to ensure that information produced can be relied upon by process level controls is relevant and reliable. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance
that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within our Company and our consolidated subsidiaries
to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the
controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving their control objectives. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we took several
actions to correct past material weaknesses, including, but not limited to, establishing an audit committee of our Board comprised of
three independent directors, adding experienced accounting and financial personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our
internal controls and recommend improvements. However, we may need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues, and the
measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified,
(2) ensure that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses will
not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended December 31, 2023, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

48 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

On April 21, 2022, the Company was conclusively identified
by the SEC as a Commission-Identified Issuer pursuant to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA because
it filed its registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-264059) containing audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020 with an audit report by Centurion ZD CPA Co. Centurion ). Centurion is a Hong Kong-based
public accounting firm previously deemed to be inaccessible for complete inspection by the PCAOB due to an authority s position in the
foreign jurisdiction. However, in August 2022, the PCAOB took a significant step toward inspecting and investigating registered public
accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong by signing a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance of the People s
Republic of China. From September to November 2022, PCAOB staff conducted on-site inspections and investigations of Centurion. 

In December 2022, the PCAOB announced that it had
obtained complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. It also confirmed
that, until new determinations are issued by the PCAOB, no Commission-Identified Issuers, including the Company, are at risk of trading
prohibition under the HFCAA. 

We have no awareness or belief that any governmental
entity in the foreign jurisdiction of incorporation or organization owns shares of our capital stock. Similarly, no official from the
Chinese government or Hong Kong Special Administrative Region serves as a board member or officer within our Company or its operating
subsidiaries. Our amended articles of incorporation do not contain any provisions known to include charter or charter provisions of the
Chinese Communist Party. Based on the absence of a Schedule 13D or 13G filing by any such governmental entity, the lack of material contracts
with foreign governmental parties, and the absence of foreign government representation on our Board, we have determined that no governmental
entity in mainland China or Hong Kong has the power to direct or control our management, policies or possess a controlling financial interest. 

49 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following are our executive officers and directors
and their respective ages and positions as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Andy Ching-An Jin 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Shun-Chih Jimmy Chuang 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Feng-Hua Howard Chen 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 January 4, 2024 
 
 Gerald H. Lindberg 
 
 73 
 
 Secretary, Director 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Thomas A. Steele 
 
 76 
 
 Director 
 
 December 19, 2019 
 
 Hui-Ying Zhuang 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 December 19, 2019 
 
 Yiwen Zhang 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 October 27, 2023 
 
 Song-Yuan Teng 
 
 35 
 
 Director 
 
 October 27, 2023 

Professional Backgrounds 

Andy Ching-An Jin was appointed as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company on July 31, 2023. Mr. Jin was an Investment Director at Fotex Holding from November 2018 until June 2023,
where he executed and drove U.S. investments, strategic projects, portfolio management and business operations. Prior to that role, Mr.
Jin served as Partner at Bloemengroothandel B.J. Duyvenvoorde Zn B.V. from September 2017 until October 2018, where he managed
all day-to-day operations, sales, developments and investments for an import floriculture company, sold subscription services to online
boutiques and managed all major wholesale floriculture market operations in China. In addition, Mr. Jin served as Executive Vice
President and Managing Director of Dagong Global Credit Rating Group from December 2015 until August 2017, where he oversaw the group s
international business development and investments into overseas markets and was also responsible for overseas offices located in Hong
Kong, Italy and Germany. He attended the State University of New York at Stony Brook attaining a Bachelor of Arts in political science
and Tsinghua University earning a Master of Business Administration. 

Shun-Chih Jimmy Chuang was
appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on October 28, 2019. Prior to that role, from October 1, 2016 to June 30, 2019, Mr.
Chuang was a project manager at Deloitte Touche Financial Advisory Corporation in Taiwan where he was part of the Transaction Support
practice. In that role, he worked in Mergers and Acquisitions and Valuation services. Prior to that role, from September 2014 to September
2016, Mr. Chuang was a semi-senior at Deloitte Touche in Taiwan where he was part of the Audit Function practice. In that role,
he performed audit services to various Taiwanese conglomerate companies. Mr. Chuang has a marketing degree from UC-Berkeley Extension,
and a BS in Accounting from Soochow University, Taiwan. He currently holds Certified Public Accounting licenses from the United States
and Taiwan. 

Feng-Hua Howard Chen 
was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company on January 5, 2024. Mr. Chen is experienced in diverse areas such as Consumer
Banking, Asia Business Development and New Strategies, demonstrating strong skills in team building, project management, compliance and
cross-sales, with a focus on continuous improvement and business expansion. Mr. Chen was an Executive Director at Rongzhou Construction
Co., Ltd. From September 2021 until January 2024, where he, among other things, was involved in the planning and financing of construction
projects, the planning and acquisition of land and the execution of sales. Prior to that position, he was a Vice President at Entie Commercial
Bank Co. from 2008-2021, Asia Pacific Regional Business Development Director at CIT Group Taiwan from 2005-2008, Sales Director at Taipei
Financial Leasing Co. from 2004-2005, and a Sales Manager at Far Eastern Group from 2000-2004. He attended the University of Leicester
earning an MBA degree in 1989. 

50 

Gerald H. Lindberg was appointed as
Secretary and Director of the Company on December 31, 2021. In the past five years, working for Handover International, Mr. Lindberg
has provided substantial expertise and guidance as a consultant, has served as a board member and Chief Financial Officer of publicly
traded companies, business adviser, capital acquisition director and operations officer to real world and Internet start-ups and helped
raise capital for start-ups, small cap, micro-cap and nano-cap businesses in both the public and private sectors. Earlier in his
career, he was Section Chief, Litigation Assistance Systems Section, Justice Management Division, United States Department of Justice
and an attorney-advisor with the United States Department of Justice (1979-1982). Over the past
25 years, he has been responsible for business plan preparation, early stage advising for corporate development and positioning for capital
raising including crowd funding, private placement memoranda, investor presentation development, equity, debt and hybrid funding, form
preparation and filing, offering syndicate coordination, sales/marketing strategy along with investment community relations and investor
relations, business development, licensing management and assuring compliance with federal and state regulations and fraud prevention
software development. His areas of specialty include technology and intellectual property management, digital entertainment, media and
marketing, e-Commerce, m-Commerce and search engine design, database systems software design and development. Mr. Lindberg earned
his law degree from Western New England University, School of Law, Springfield, MA. Mr. Lindberg is qualified to serve as a director of
the Company due to his substantial board and financial consulting experience. 

Thomas A. Steele was appointed as Director
of the Company on December 19, 2019. Mr. Steele is currently retired. He was registered as a court interpreter Japanese to English and
Japan marketing consultant from 2010-2019. Mr. Steele served as a Foreign Service Officer with the U.S. Department of State, Washington,
DC for more than 21 years (1980-2001). After retiring from the State Department, he also served as secretary for Anbusa USA, at the 2005
and 2010 World s Fair. He obtained a BA in Political Science, Music, Radio TV Broadcasting from the University of California,
Los Angeles while attending from 1965-1969. Mr. Steele is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his Japanese Language
Skills and experience in International Business. 

Hui-Ying Zhuang was appointed as a Director
of the Company on December 19, 2019. Mr. Zhuang works as Vice President of Sales at Clyde Bergemann Power Group (2018-current) with experience
in technology and sales management, especially in solution-based consultative selling. Other positions he has held at Clyde Bergemann
Power Group include Vice President, Product and Sales Support, Air Pollution Control Products (2013-2018), Director of Technology and
Product Management, Air Pollution Control Product Division (2012-2013), Regional Sales Manager from 2006-2012 and a Boiler Process Engineer
from 2004-2006. He is experienced in product management, sales, plant operations and contract negotiation. Mr. Zhuang has leadership experience
in building and developing management teams and extensive international business working experience. He attended the University of South
Carolina earning an MBA in 2005. Mr. Zhuang is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his technical experience in power
generation and ability in Sales and Marketing functions. 

Yiwen Zhang was appointed as a Director
of the Company on October 27, 2023. Mr. Zhang currently works as Manager of Finance, Marketing and Student Support at New Westminster
School District 40 since 2012, where he is responsible for financial reporting, budget planning, internal controls, audits, financial
system management and compliance. Prior to that role, from 2009 until 2011, Mr. Zhang served as Business Development Manager at ZiYangTang
Trading where he developed two business lines and increased sales by 2 million. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang was Account Manager at HILTI
(Canada) Ltd where he set up the Richmond branch and doubled sales and developed revenue budgeting models for key business expansion.
Mr. Zhang is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his extensive experience as a manager in a variety of organizations. 

Song-Yuan Teng was appointed as a Director
of the Company on October 27, 2023. Mr. Teng serves as Chief Executive Officer of G.MCOIN Enterprises since 2021, where he oversees the
strategic planning and annual growth objectives. Prior to that role, from 2017 until 2020, Mr. Teng served as the General Manager of Mingyang
Venture Capital, where he was responsible for overseeing the overall management and strategic direction of the organization while driving
growth and maximizing shareholder value. Prior to that, he was a Manager at Jinrongjia Consulting from 2015 until 2017, where he worked
on financial and automated trading systems while supporting sales and solution managers. Prior to that, Mr. Teng was the General Manager
at CFL Venture Capital from 2012 until 2014, where he developed and executed the firm s strategic investments. Mr. Teng is qualified
to serve as a director of the Company due to his executive experience in multiple consulting and banking firms. 

51 

Board of Directors 

Our business and affairs are managed under the direction
of our Board and committees of the Board. Directors serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified.
Officers are appointed to serve until serve at the pleasure of the Board, subject to all rights, if any, of such officer under any contract
of employment. 

Board Committees 

Our Board has established an audit committee (the
 Audit Committee ), a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee (the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ). Our Board has not yet adopted procedures by which stockholders
may recommend nominees to the Board. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our Board is described below. Members
serve on these committees until their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our Board. 

Audit Committee 

Our Board has appointed Yiwen Zhang ,
 Thomas A. Steele and Hui-Ying Zhuang to serve as members of our Audit Committee. Each
member of the Audit Committee is an independent director as established by SEC and Nasdaq rules, and Yiwen Zhang ,
 qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the SEC rules. 

The Audit Committee s duties, which are specified
in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the Board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

52 

Compensation Committee 

Our Board has established a Compensation Committee.
Thomas A. Steele and Hui-Ying Zhuang, each of whom is an independent director, serves as
members of the Compensation Committee with Thomas A. Steele , serving as the Compensation
Committee s Chairman. The Compensation Committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include,
but are not limited to: 

reviews, approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our Board regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

administers our equity compensation plans; 

reviews and approves, or makes recommendations to our Board, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and 

establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. 

The Compensation Committee charter permits the committee
to retain or receive advice from a compensation consultant and outlines certain requirements to ensure the consultants independence or
certain circumstances under which the consultant need not be independent. However, as of the date hereof, we have not retained such a
consultant. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Board has established a Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of which Yiwen Zhang and Hui-Ying Zhuang serve as members with Hui-Ying
Zhuang also serving as the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s
duties, which are specified in its charter, include, but are not limited to: 

identifying, reviewing and evaluating candidates to serve on our Board consistent with criteria approved by our Board; 

evaluating director performance on our Board and applicable committees of our Board and determining whether continued service on our Board is appropriate; 

evaluating nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to our Board; and 

corporate governance matters. 

Section 16(a) Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that executive
officers and directors, and any persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities file
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Specific dates for such filings have been established by the SEC, and the
Company is required to report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K any failure to file reports in a timely manner in 2022. The following
failed to file a Form 3 after the Company listed its common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
(i) Hsien-Wen (Stan) Yu, Chief Operating Officer (resigned); (ii) Gerald H. Lindberg, Secretary, Director; (iii) David Yu-Lung Kou, Director
(resigned); (iv) Thomas A. Steele, Director; and (v) Hui-Ying Zhuang, Director. On August 31, 2022, Mr. Yu resigned as the Chief Operating
Officer of the Company. On September 1, 2022, the Board appointed Mr. Hong-Wen (Howard) Ruan as the Chief Operating Officer
of the Company. A Form 3 for Mr. Ruan was not filed. On July 13, 2023, David Yu-Lung Kou resigned as a Director. On July 13, 2023, Ms.
 Cheng Lu Min Huay and Ms. Yih-Yu Lei were appointed as Directors. Forms 3 were not filed
for Ms. Huay and Ms. Lei. Ms. Huay and Ms. Lei resigned as Directors on July 27, 2023. On October 27, 2023, the Board appointed Mr. Yiwen
Zhang and Mr. Song-Yuan Teng as Directors. Forms 3 for Mr. Zhang and Mr. Teng were not filed. 

53 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board adopted a written code of ethics Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to post on our website a current copy of the Code
and all disclosures that are required by law in regard to any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code. 

Director Independence 

Our Board
is composed of a majority of independent directors. In determining whether a director is independent, we use the definition
of independence applied by Nasdaq under Nasdaq Rule 5601(a)(2) and the SEC under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.
 Our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided
by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has determined that Yiwen Zhang ,
 Thomas A. Steele and Hui-Ying Zhuang are 
independent directors. 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that,
to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, any of our officers or directors, who was or is a party or is threatened
to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was or has agreed to serve at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of the
Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at our request as a director,
officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or
omitted in such capacity. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing indemnification obligation includes, without limitation, claims for
monetary damages against Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted under Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes as in existence
on the date hereof. 

The indemnification provided shall be from and against
expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the indemnitee
or on the indemnitee s behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, but shall only be provided
if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests,
and, with respect to any criminal action, suit or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. 

In the case of any threatened, pending or completed
action or suit by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to
serve at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit
plan or other enterprise, no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the indemnitee shall have
been adjudged to be liable to us unless, and only to the extent that, the Nevada courts or the court in which such action or suit was
brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case,
the indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Nevada courts or such other court shall deem
proper. 

The termination of any action, suit or proceeding
by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption
that he or she did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. 

To the extent that indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and is therefore unenforceable. If a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of our Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted
by any of our directors, officers or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion
of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether
such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication
of that issue. 

54 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table summarizes all cash compensation
paid by us, as well as certain other compensation paid or accrued, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 for all individuals
serving as our principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during the last completed fiscal year, regardless of compensation
level, and two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
at the end of the last completed fiscal year. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary( 
 Equity 
 Awards( (1) 
 Total( 
 
 Yin-Chieh Jeff Cheng (2) 
 
 2023 
 
 1,901,806 
 1,901,806 
 
 Former Chairman of the Board, Former President, Former CEO and Former Director 
 
 2022 
 
 11,053,267 
 11,053,267 

David Yu-Lung Kou (3) 
 
 2023 

Former Acting Chief Executive Officer and Former Director 
 
 2022 

Andy Ching-An Jin (4) 
 
 2023 
 15,000 (5) 
 106,800 (5) 
 121,800 (5) 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 

(1) 
 The amounts shown represent the aggregate grant date fair value of these warrant awards granted during each fiscal year shown, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 
 (2) 
 Pursuant to the Cheng Consulting Agreement, dated December 27, 2018, we agreed to issue Mr. Cheng 250,000 Series A warrants per quarter for 20 quarters (i.e., 5 years) for a total amount of 5,000,000 Series A warrants, subject to his continued services as our Chairman of the Board. Each Series A warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock for 0.50 per share from the date of vesting until April 23, 2026. The value of the awards granted for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 1,901,806 and 11,053,267, respectively, using the Black Scholes methodology. Due to the 2-for-3 reverse stock split of our common stock, the amount of shares issuable upon the unexercised warrants was adjusted to 2,000,000 and the exercise price was adjusted to 0.75 per share. As of December 31, 2023, none of the Series A warrants were outstanding. 
 
 (3) 
 Due to the passing of Yin-Chieh Jeff Cheng, the Board appointed David Yu-Lung Kou as acting Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective July 13, 2023. Mr. Kou resigned on July 27, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 On July 31, 2023, the Board appointed Andy Ching-An Jin as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective July 31, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Andy Ching-An Jin is paid a salary of 36,000 per year as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

55 

Employment Agreements 

Chuang Employment Agreement . We entered
into an Employment Agreement dated as of August 16, 2019, as amended by that certain Addendum dated as of December 31, 2021, with Shun-Chih
Chuang, our Chief Financial Officer (the Chuang Employment Agreement ). The term of the Chuang Employment Agreement is for
5 years and at the end of such term, is automatically renewable on a month-to-month basis unless either party provides notice to terminate
to the other within 30 days of the end of the term. During the term and one year after the end of the term, Mr. Chuang shall not solicit
any person employed or engaged by the Company. Mr. Chuang s employment may be terminated by us immediately upon the occurrence of
the following events: (i) the commission of any act by Mr. Chuang which, if prosecuted, would constitute a felony; (ii) any material act
or omission involving malfeasance or negligence in the performance of employment duties which has a materially adverse effect on us and
which has not been corrected in 30 days after written notice from us; (iii) failure or refusal by Mr. Chuang to comply with our policies
contained in any Company handbook or with the provisions of the Chuang Employment Agreement if not cured within 10 days after the receipt
of written notice from the Board; (iv) Mr. Chuang s prolonged absence without our consent; (v) Mr. Chuang s gross neglect
of his duties or willful insubordination to the Board or his superior officers; (vi) the death of Mr. Chuang; or (vii) delivery of written
notice of termination by us after Mr. Chuang has become unable to perform his services by reason of illness or incapacity, which illness
or incapacity results in Mr. Chuang s failure to discharge his duties under the Chuang Employment Agreement for an aggregate total
of 60 days (whether consecutive or nonconsecutive) during any 180 day period. We pay Mr. Chuang 54,000 per year. 

Lindberg Employment Agreement . We entered
into an Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 2022, with Gerald H. Lindberg, our Secretary and Director (the Lindberg Employment
Agreement ). The term of the Lindberg Employment Agreement is for two years and at the end of such term, is automatically renewable
on a month-to-month basis unless either party provides notice to terminate to the other within 30 days of the end of the term. During
the term and one year after the end of the term, Mr. Lindberg shall not solicit any person employed or engaged by the Company. Mr. Lindberg s
employment may be terminated by us immediately upon the occurrence of the following events: (i) the commission of any act by Mr. Lindberg
which, if prosecuted, would constitute a felony; (ii) any material act or omission involving malfeasance or negligence in the performance
of employment duties which has a materially adverse effect on us and which has not been corrected in 30 days after written notice from
us; (iii) failure or refusal by Mr. Lindberg to comply with our policies contained in any Company handbook or with the provisions of the
Lindberg Employment Agreement if not cured within 10 days after the receipt of written notice from the Board; (iv) Mr. Lindberg s
prolonged absence without our consent; (v) Mr. Lindberg s gross neglect of his duties or willful insubordination to the Board or
his superior officers; (vi) the death of Mr. Lindberg; or (vii) delivery of written notice of termination by us after Mr. Lindberg has
become unable to perform his services by reason of illness or incapacity, which illness or incapacity results in Mr. Lindberg s
failure to discharge his duties under the Lindberg Employment Agreement for an aggregate total of 60 days (whether consecutive or nonconsecutive)
during any 180 day period. We also granted Mr. Lindberg 60,000 Class C Warrants consisting
of the right to purchase a total of 40,000 shares of our common stock for 3.75 per share from the date of issuance, of which 20,000 Class
C Warrants shall vest annually over a total period of three years. 

Jin Employment Agreement . We entered
into an Employment Agreement dated as of July 31, 2023 (the Jin Employment Agreement ). The term of the Jin Employment Agreement
is for two years and at the end of such term, is automatically renewable on a month-to-month basis unless either party provides notice
to terminate to the other within 30 days of the end of the term. During the term and one year after the end of the term, Mr. Jin shall
not solicit any person employed or engaged by the Company. Mr. Jin s employment may be terminated by the Company immediately upon
the occurrence of the following events: (i) the commission of any act by Mr. Jin which, if prosecuted, would constitute a felony; (ii)
any material act or omission involving malfeasance or negligence in the performance of employment duties which has a materially adverse
effect on the Company and which has not been corrected in 30 days after written notice from the Company; (iii) failure or refusal by Mr.
Jin to comply with the policies of the Company contained in any Company handbook or with the provisions of the Jin Employment Agreement
if not cured within 10 days after the receipt of written notice from the Board; (iv) Mr. Jin s prolonged absence without the consent
of the Company; (v) Mr. Jin s gross neglect of his duties or willful insubordination to the Board or his superior officers; (vi)
the death of Mr. Jin; or (vii) delivery of written notice of termination by the Company after Mr. Jin has become unable to perform his
services by reason of illness or incapacity, which illness or incapacity results in Mr. Jin s failure to discharge his duties under
the Jin Employment Agreement for an aggregate total of 60 days (whether consecutive or nonconsecutive) during any 180 day period. The
Company pays Mr. Jin 36,000 per year and issued Mr. Jin a total of 240,000 shares of restricted stock, of which 60,000 shares shall vest
at the end of every three months for a period of one year starting from July 31, 2023, with 60,000 shares to initially vest on October
31, 2023. 

56 

Chen Employment Agreement . We entered
into an Employment Agreement dated as of January 5, 2024 (the Chen Employment Agreement ). The term of the Chen Employment
Agreement is for two years and at the end of such term, is automatically renewable on a month-to-month basis unless either party provides
notice to terminate to the other within 30 days of the end of the term. During the term and one year after the end of the term, Mr. Chen
shall not solicit any person employed or engaged by the Company. Mr. Chen s employment may be terminated by the Company immediately
upon the occurrence of the following events: (i) the commission of any act by Mr. Chen which, if prosecuted, would constitute a felony;
(ii) any material act or omission involving malfeasance or negligence in the performance of employment duties which has a materially adverse
effect on the Company and which has not been corrected in 30 days after written notice from the Company; (iii) failure or refusal by Mr.
Chen to comply with the policies of the Company contained in any Company handbook or with the provisions of the Chen Employment Agreement
if not cured within 10 days after the receipt of written notice from the Board; (iv) Mr. Chen s prolonged absence without the consent
of the Company; (v) Mr. Chen s gross neglect of his duties or willful insubordination to the Board or his superior officers; (vi)
the death of Mr. Chen; or (vii) delivery of written notice of termination by the Company after Mr. Chen has become unable to perform his
services by reason of illness or incapacity, which illness or incapacity results in Mr. Chen s failure to discharge his duties under
the Chen Employment Agreement for an aggregate total of 60 days (whether consecutive or nonconsecutive) during any 180 day period. The
Company pays Mr. Chen 20,000 per year and issued Mr. Chen a total of 100,000 Class B Warrants, each having the right to purchase one
share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company at 1.50 per share, of which shall vest biannually in equal installments
for a period of two years. 

Clawback Policy 

On November 29, 2023, our Board adopted an executive
compensation recoupment policy consistent with the requirements of the Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 and the Nasdaq listing standards thereunder,
to help ensure that incentive compensation is paid based on accurate financial and operating data, and the correct calculation of performance
against incentive targets. Our policy addresses recoupment of amounts from performance-based awards paid to all corporate officers, including
awards under our equity incentive plans, in the event of a financial restatement to the extent that the payout for such awards would have
been less, or in the event of fraud, or intentional, willful or gross misconduct that contributed to the need for a financial restatement. 

Director Compensation 

Cheng Consulting Agreement . We entered
into a Consulting Agreement on December 27, 2018 with Yin-Chieh Jeff Cheng, our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief
Executive Officer and Director (the Cheng Consulting Agreement ). The Cheng Consulting Agreement appoints Mr. Cheng as our
Chairman of the Board and a Director. The term of Mr. Cheng s appointment of such positions is for the period between December 27,
2018 and December 27, 2023. We or Mr. Cheng may immediately terminate the Cheng Consulting Agreement upon a material breach by the other
party that has not been cured to the terminating party s satisfaction within 30 days following written notice of said breach. Mr.
Cheng may terminate on 30 days written notice for our uncured failure to meet our payment obligations within 30 days of receiving
written notice of such failure from Mr. Cheng. We do not pay Mr. Cheng any cash compensation for his roles as our Chairman of the Board
and a Director. We, however, agreed to issue Mr. Cheng 250,000 Series A warrants per quarter for 20 quarters (i.e., 5 years) for a total
amount of 5,000,000 (or 3,333,334 post-split) Series A warrants, subject to his continued services as our Chairman of the Board and a
Director. Each Series A warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock from the date of vesting until April 23, 2026. As
of December 31, 2023, none of the Series A warrants were outstanding 

Our directors are reimbursed for expenses incurred
by them in connection with attending Board meetings. However, our directors, other than Mr. Cheng, do not receive any other compensation
for serving on the Board. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

As of December 31, 2023, three are no equity awards
held by the named executive officers. 

57 

Severance and Change in Control Benefits 

None of the employment agreements with our named executive
officers provide severance benefits; however, the Cheng Consulting Agreement does provide certain change in control-related benefits to
our principal executive officer, including vesting acceleration upon the occurrence of certain defined events. 

Other Benefits 

We provide vacation and other paid holidays to all
employees, including our executive officers, which are comparable to those provided at peer companies. When offered, our executive officers
will be eligible to participate in all of our employee benefit plans, such as medical, dental, vision, group life, disability and accidental
death and dismemberment insurance, our Equity Incentive Plan and our 401(k) plan, in each case on the same basis as other employees, subject
to applicable law, should such benefits exist. At this time, we do not provide special benefits or other perquisites to our executive
officers. 

The 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 

In 2018, the Board and stockholders adopted Nocera,
Inc. s 2018 Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan, effective December 31, 2018. The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of the following
types of stock awards: (i) incentive stock options, (ii) non-statutory stock options, and (iii) stock purchase rights. The 2018 Plan is
intended to help us secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum
efforts for our success and any affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of
the common stock. The 2018 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Board reserved 6,666,667 (post-split) shares of common
stock under the 2018 Plan. No awards have been granted to any of our officers or directors pursuant to the 2018 Plan. As of December 31,
2023, a total of 5,956,667 shares of common stock are available for future issuance pursuant to the 2018 Plan. 

Indemnification 

We shall indemnify any and all of our directors, officers,
former directors, former officers and any person who may have served at its request as a director or officer of another company in which
it owns shares or of which it is a creditor, who were or are made a party or are threatened to be made a party to or are involved in,
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative
(each a Proceeding ), or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding,
against any and all liabilities, damages, reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonably incurred and substantiated attorneys 
fees), financial effects of judgments, fines, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and punitive damages) and amounts paid in
settlement in connection with such Proceeding by any of them. Such indemnification shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to
which those indemnified may be entitled otherwise. 

To the extent that indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling our Company pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable. If a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses
incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of our company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding)
is asserted by any of our directors, officers or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless
in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of that issue. 

58 

Policies and Practices for Granting Certain Equity Awards 

Our policies and practices regarding the granting
of equity awards are carefully designed to ensure compliance with applicable securities laws and to maintain the integrity of our executive
compensation program. The Compensation Committee is responsible for the timing and terms of equity awards to executives and other eligible
employees. 

The timing of equity award grants is determined
with consideration to a variety of factors, including but not limited to, the achievement of pre-established performance targets, market
conditions and internal milestones. The Company does not follow a predetermined schedule for the granting of equity awards; instead, each
grant is considered on a case-by-case basis to align with the Company s strategic objectives and to ensure the competitiveness of
our compensation packages. 

In determining the timing and terms of an equity
award, the Board or the Compensation Committee may consider material nonpublic information to ensure that such grants are made in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. The Board s or the Compensation Committee s procedures to prevent the improper use of
material nonpublic information in connection with the granting of equity awards include oversight by legal counsel and, where appropriate,
delaying the grant of equity awards until the public disclosure of such material nonpublic information. 

The Company is committed to maintaining transparency
in its executive compensation practices and to making equity awards in a manner that is not influenced by the timing of the disclosure
of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. The Company regularly reviews its
policies and practices related to equity awards to ensure they meet the evolving standards of corporate governance and continue to serve
the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information,
as of March 31, 2023 with respect to the holdings of (1) each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our voting stock,
(2) each of our directors, (3) each executive officer and (4) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of the voting stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes any shares of company voting stock over
which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has a right to acquire ownership at any time
within 60 days of April 1, 2024. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the persons named in this table have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of voting stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based
on 12,956,987 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on April 1, 2024, plus, for each individual, any securities that individual
has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 1, 2024. 

To the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise
indicated, each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock
beneficially owned by such person, except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge, none of the shares listed
below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement, except as noted. To our knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge
by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

59 

Name and Address 
of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Title 
 
 Beneficially 
owned 

Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Shares of 
 Common Stock (2) 

Officers and Directors 

Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 180,000 
 (3) 

Shun-Chih Jimmy Chuang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 500,001 
 (4) 
 
 3.9 

Feng-Hua Howard Chen 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Gerald H. Lindberg 
 
 Secretary, Director 

David Yu-Lung Kou 
 
 Director 

Thomas A. Steele 
 
 Director 

Officers and Directors as a Group (total of 7 persons) 

740,001 

4.3 

5 Stockholders 

Marina S. Fiorino 

695,734 
 (5) 
 
 5.4 

Min-Huay Cheng Lu 

876,151 
 (6) 
 
 6.8 

Han-Chieh Shih 

1,320,000 
 (7) 
 
 9.3 

Erik Nelson 

646,553 
 (8) 
 
 4.9 

Yin-Chieh Cheng 

4,586,083 
 (9) 
 
 35.4 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address of the named officers and directors c/o Nocera, Inc., 3F (Building B), No. 185, Sec. 1, Datong Rd., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 221, Taiwan. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on 12,956,987 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of April 1, 2024. Any shares of common stock not outstanding which are issuable upon the exercise or conversion of other securities held by a person within the next 60 days are considered to be outstanding when computing such person s ownership percentage of common stock but are not when computing anyone else s ownership percentage. 
 
 (3) 
 This does not include 60,000 shares of
 restricted stock that vests on July 31, 2024 pursuant to the Jin Employment Agreement. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 125,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class A Warrants at a price of 0.75 per share until April 23, 2026. 
 
 (5) 
 The address for Ms. Fiorino is 1 San Marzano sul Sarno, Italy 84010. 
 
 (6) 
 Ms. Cheng Lu s business address is 15F., No. 464, Sec 3, Jiayuan Rd., Shulin Dist., New Taipei City 238665, Republic of China. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes (i) 53,334 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 80,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock; (ii) 620,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class C Warrants for 3.75 per share until December 31, 2024; (iii) 620,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class D Warrants for 7.50 per share until December 31, 2024. Mr. Shih s business address is 7F., No. 262, Zhong Zheng Rd., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 22109, Republic of China. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes (i) 333,334 shares of common stock held by Sterling Holdings, LLC, an entity of which Mr. Nelson has voting and dispositive control; (ii) 1,734 shares personally held by Mr. Nelson; and (iii) 311,485 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class A Warrants for 0.75 per share until April 23, 2026. This does not include 121,849 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class A Warrants for 0.75 per share until April 23, 2026 and 433,334 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of Class B Warrants for 1.50 per share until April 23, 2026 since such Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants contain blockers that prohibit the holder from exercising warrants if such exercise will result in the beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 (or if the holder elects, 9.99 of our outstanding stock. Mr. Nelson was our former Secretary and Director and resigned on December 31, 2021. Mr. Nelson s business address is 2030 Powers Ferry Road SE, Suite 212, Atlanta, GA 30339. 
 
 (9) 
 Mr. Cheng is our former Chief Executive Officer, former President, former Chairman of the Board, and former director. His address is 15F., No. 464, Sec 3, Jiayuan Rd., Shulin Dist., New Taipei City 238665, Taiwan (R.O.C.). 

60 

Equity Plan Information 

See Part II, Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements, to our knowledge, including
any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of
the Company. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, we are required
to describe any transaction, since the beginning of our 2022 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were
or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the average of the smaller reporting company s
total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, with a related person. A related person under Item 404 of Regulation
S-K includes: 

1. 
 any director or executive officer of the Company; 

2. 
 any immediate family member of a director or executive officer of the Company, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of such director, executive officer or nominee for director, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director, executive officer or nominee for director; or 

3. 
 a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock at the time of the transaction or immediate family member of such stockholder. 

We did not have any related party transactions reportable under Item 404
of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
we engaged Centurion ZD CPA Co. as our independent registered accounting firm. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we
incurred fees, as discussed below: 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Audit Fees 

126,500 

139,000 

Audit-Related Fees (1) 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

126,500 

139,000 

(1) 
 Fees incurred in conjunction with consents for various registration statements filed during the 2023 and 2022 fiscal years. 

Audit fees consist of fees related to professional
services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements. All other fees relate to professional services rendered
in connection with the review of the quarterly financial statements. 

Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services. Under our Audit Committee s policy, pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories
of services, including planned services, project based services and routine consultations. In addition, the Audit Committee may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us
in the past two fiscal years. 

61 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 
 Financial Statements: The following Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of Nocera, Inc. and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in Part II, Item 8: 

Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023 and 2022; 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022; 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022; 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022; and 

Notes to Financial Statements. 

2. Exhibits: 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Previously Filed and Incorporated by Reference Herein 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.6 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.7 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change of the Registrant 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-12G filed on October 19, 2018. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2022. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of GSI Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Association of Grand Smooth Inc Limited 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 27, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Grand Smooth Inc Limited and GSI Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2018. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amended Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 27, 2018, and effective as of December 31, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Grand Smooth Inc Limited and GSI Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Statement of Merger GSI Acquisition Corp. and Grand Smooth Inc Limited 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.5 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Nocera, Inc. s securities registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 10.1 
 
 2018 Nocera, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated as of December 27, 2018, between Nocera, Inc. and Yin-Chieh Cheng 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K12G3 filed on January 31, 2019. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Regional Agency Cooperation Agreement dated as of September 2019, by and between Grand Smooth Inc Ltd and Jie Hao Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2019. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Procare International Co., Limited Project Contract 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2020. 

62 

10.6 
 
 Regional Agency Cooperation Supplementary Agreement dated as of May 31, 2020, by and between Grand Smooth Inc Ltd and JC Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2020. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated as of May 15, 2020, between Nocera, Inc. and Atlanta Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2020. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Release dated as of October 8, 2020, by and between Guizhou Wan Feng Hu Zhi Shui Chan Company, Ltd. and Nocera, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2020. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Exchange Agreement, Consent, and Representations dated as of December 31, 2020 of the Registrant and Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange for VIE Interest dated as of December 31, 2020, by and between Nocera, Inc., Xin Feng Construction Co. Ltd., and Shunda Feed Co. Ltd 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Voting Rights Proxy Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Hui-Min Tu, Wen-Chih Tsai, Ching-Yao Tsai, Ching-Chao Tsai, Nocera, Inc. and Xin Feng Construction Co. Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Nocera, Inc. and Xin Feng Construction Co. Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Equity Pledge Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Hui-Min Tu, Wen-Chih Tsai, Ching-Yao Tsai, Ching-Chao Tsai, Nocera, Inc. and Xin Feng Construction Co. Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Exclusive Call Option Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Nocera, Inc., Hui-Min Tu, Wen-Chih Tsai, Ching-Yao Tsai, Ching-Chao Tsai and Xin Feng Construction Co. Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Han-Chieh Shih 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2021. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated as of November 15, 2021, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Shih-Chung Lin 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated as of November 15, 2021, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Han-Chieh Shih 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of August 16, 2019, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2022. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 2022, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Gerald H. Lindberg 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Form S-1 filed on July 20, 2022. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Addendum, dated December 31, 2021, to that certain Employment Agreement, dated August 16, 2019, between Nocera, Inc. and Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Form S-1 filed on July 20, 2022. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2022, between Nocera, Inc. and Mr. Hong-Wen Ruan 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2022. 
 
 10.21 
 
 VIE Purchase, dated September 7, 2022, between Nocera, Inc., Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd., and the Selling Stockholder 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2022. 
 
 10.22 
 
 Voting Rights Proxy Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, between Nocera, Inc., the Selling Stockholder and Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2022. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, September 7, 2022, between Nocera, Inc. and Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2022. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Equity Pledge Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, between Nocera, Inc. the Selling Stockholder and Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2022. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Exclusive Call Option Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, between Nocera, Inc., the Selling Stockholder and Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2022. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Real Estate Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2022 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2022. 

63 

10.27 
 
 Farmers Vending Co. Ltd. Purchase Agreement dated as of September 26, 2022, by and between Farmers Vending Machine Co. Ltd. and Nocera, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Purchase of Business Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Han-Chieh Shih 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of July 31, 2023, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Andy Jin 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2023. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 5, 2024, by and between Nocera, Inc. and Feng-Hua Chen 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2024. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 14.1 to Form S-1 filed on July 20, 2022. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Nocera, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 21.1 to Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2024. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent by Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 97.1 to Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2024. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-1 filed on July 20, 2022. 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to Form S-1 filed on July 20, 2022. 
 
 99.3 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.3 to Form S-1 filed on July 20, 2022. 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive Data Files 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

________________________ 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith and not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Nocera, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Management contract or compensatory plan. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

NOCERA, INC. 

Dated: November 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Andy Chin-An Jin 

Name: 
 Andy Chin-An Jin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Gerald H. Lindberg 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Gerald H. Lindberg 

/s/ Yiwen Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Yiwen Zhang 

/s/ Thomas A. Steele 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Thomas A. Steele 

/s/ Hui-Ying Zhuang 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Hui-Ying Zhuang 

/s/ Song-Yuan Teng 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20,
 2024 
 
 Song-Yuan Teng 

65 

NOCERA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pages 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 2769) 
 
 F-2 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Nocera, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Nocera, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Group as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Group s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group s financial statements based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As at December 31 2023, the Company had goodwill of
approximately 1.6 million relating to the acquisition of Meixin Institutional Food Development Company Limited. Management performs the
annual goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. Management s valuation
method is an income approach using a discounted cash flow model. The discounted cash flow model requires projections of revenue, gross
margin, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions over a multi-year period, and a discount rate based upon
a weighted-average cost of capital. 

F- 2 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

Our audit procedures included but were not limited
to: 

Testing management s process for developing the fair value. 

Evaluating
the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model, testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted
cash flow model, and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to projections of revenue and
projections of gross margin. 

Evaluating
management s assumptions related to projections of revenue and projections of gross margin involved evaluating whether the assumptions
used by management were reasonable considering 

(i) 
 the current and past performance of the Catering Business reporting
unit and 

(ii) 
 the consistency with external market and industry data. Professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the Company s discounted cash
flow model 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

We have served as the Group s auditor since 2020. 

 , China 

April 1, 2024 

PCAOB ID 

F- 3 

NOCERA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Advance to suppliers 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net 

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 

Total current assets 

Retention receivables 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets - customer relations 

Goodwill 

Other non-current asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Notes payable 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Advance receipts 

Due to related parties 

Warrant liability 

Long-term secured other borrowing current portion 

Dividend payable 

Income tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Long-term secured other borrowing 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Equity 

Common stock par value; authorized shares; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) (1) 

Preferred stock par value; authorized shares; Series A Preferred Stock, authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital (1) 

Statutory and other reserves 

(Accumulated losses) retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Nocera, Inc. s stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

(1) 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements
which are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 4 

NOCERA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
(LOSS) INCOME 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Other (expenses) income, net 

Other (expenses) income 

Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income tax expenses 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Loss on disposal 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Nocera Shareholders 

Other Comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation income (loss) 

Total comprehensive loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Less: Foreign currency translation loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Nocera Shareholders 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Net loss per share from continuing operations basic
 and diluted (1) 

Net (loss) income per share from discontinued operations
 basic and diluted (1) 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

(1) 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a 2:3 reverse stock split for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements
which are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOCERA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Statutory and other 
 Retained 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total Nocera Inc. s 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Non- controlling 
 Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Stock (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital (1) 
 Reserves 
 Earnings 
 Loss 
 (Deficit) 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

Common stock issuance 

Purchase of non-controlling interest 

Consultancy services settled by equities 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation Adjustments 

Preferred stock dividend 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance, January 1, 2023 

Common Stock Issuance 

Consultancy services settled by equities 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation Adjustments 

Preferred stock dividend 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

(1) 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements
which are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 6 

NOCERA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Less: net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Impairment of goodwill 

Depreciation expenses 

Amortization 

Loss on disposal of XFC 

Deferred income tax 

Gain on fair value change of financial assets held for trading 

Consultancy services settled by equities 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Advance to suppliers 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net 

Retention receivables 

Other non-current assets 

Notes payable 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Advance receipts 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities from continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL 

Proceeds from disposal of XFC 

Cash acquired from merger 

Cash disposed upon termination of VIE 

Net cash outflow upon acquisition of a subsidiary 

Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Bank borrowing 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of IPO warrant 

Proceeds from secured other borrowings 

Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash used in financing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations 

Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of year 

Cash and cash equivalents form continuing operations, end of year 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements
which are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 7 

NOCERA, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The VIE Agreements with XFC 

On December 31, 2020, we exchanged 466,667 (post-split)
shares of our restricted common stock to stockholders of Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd., a Taiwan limited liability company XFC ),
in exchange for 100 controlling interest in XFC. We also entered into contractual arrangements with a stockholder of XFC, that enabled
us to have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affects the economic performance of XFC and receive the economic
benefits of XFC that could be significant to XFC. On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Purchase of Business Agreement with Han-Chieh
Shih (the Purchaser ), in which we sold our controlling interest of XFC, to the Purchaser for a total purchase cash price
of (the XFC Sale ). The closing of the XFC Sale occurred on November 30, 2022 and the XFC variable interest entity VIE agreements were terminated in connection with the XFC Sale. 

The VIE Agreements with Meixin 

On September 7, 2022, we entered into a series of
contractual agreements (collectively, the Meixin VIE Agreements with the majority stockholder (the Selling Stockholder of Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd., a Taiwan corporation and a food processing and catering company Meixin ),
and Meixin, of which we purchased 80 controlling interest of Meixin for . The Meixin VIE Agreements essentially confer control
and management of Meixin as well as substantially all of the economic benefits of the Selling Stockholder in Meixin to us. 

million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, which raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management believes
that it has developed a liquidity plan, as summarized below, that, if executed successfully, would enable to meet presently anticipated
cash needs for at least the next 12 months after the date that the financial statements are issued and it has prepared the consolidated
financial statements on a going concern basis. 

a) 
 The Company is continuing to improve and develop its scale of operations. After listing onto Nasdaq, the Company had raised sufficient fund for its operation development and the Company had a good level of cash position to meet its liabilities. The Company also has ability to raise additional funds from Nasdaq for the future development. 

However, the Company continues to have ongoing obligations
and it expects that it will require additional capital in order to execute its longer-term business plan. If the Company encounters unforeseen
circumstances that place constraints on its capital resources, management will be required to take various measures to conserve liquidity,
which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing the Company s business development activities, suspending the
pursuit of its business plan, controlling overhead expenses and seeking to further dispose of non-core assets. Management cannot provide
any assurance that the Company will raise additional capital if needed. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which
include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair presentation of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated
financial position as of September 30, 2023, its consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash
flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and change in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as applicable, have
been made. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that
may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2023 or any future periods. 

of
the Company s total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2023. There was four customers who represented of the Company s
total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

The following table sets forth a summary of single
customers who represent 10 or more of the Company s total accounts receivable, net: 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

The following table sets forth a summary of single suppliers who represent
10 or more of the Company s total purchase: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Percentage of the Company s purchase 

Supplier A 

Supplier B 

Supplier C 

ASC Topic 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques,
which is based on whether the inputs into the valuation technique are observable or unobservable. The hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted
prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either
directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable
and significant to the fair value. Unobservable inputs are valuation technique inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions
about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

Management of the Company is responsible for determining
the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangibles identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including
valuations from an independent appraiser. 

When available, the Company uses quoted market prices
to determine the fair value of an asset or liability. If quoted market prices are not available, the Company measures fair value using
valuation techniques that use, when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates
and currency rates. 

and , respectively. 

Land 

Furniture and fixture 

Equipment 

Machinery 

Vehicle 

Upon sale or disposal, the applicable amounts of asset
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the net amount less proceeds from disposal is charged or credited
to income. 

The Black-Scholes pricing model requires inputs such
as the risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected volatility and expected dividend yield. We base the risk-free interest rate that
we use in the Black-Scholes pricing model on zero coupon U.S. Treasury instruments with maturities similar to the expected term of the
award being valued. The expected term of phantom awards is estimated from the vesting period of the award and represents the weighted
average period that our phantom awards are expected to be outstanding. We estimated the volatility based on the historic volatility of
our guideline companies, which we feel best represent our company. We have never paid and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future and, therefore, we use an expected dividend yield of zero in the pricing model. We account for forfeitures as
they occur. 

The Company does not have arrangements for returns
from customers and does not have any future obligations directly or indirectly related to services resale by customers. The Company has
no sales incentive programs. 

The Company provides goods, maintenance service warranties
for the goods sold with a period varying from 18 months to 72 months, which majority are 18 months, and exclusive sales agency license
to its customers. For performance obligation related to providing products, the Company expects to recognize the revenue according to
the delivery of products. For performance obligation related to maintenance service warranties, the Company expects to recognize the revenue
on a ratable basis using a time-based output method. The performance obligations are typically satisfied as services are rendered on a
straight-line basis over the contract term, which is generally for 18 months as majority of the maintenance service warranties periods
provided are 18 months. For performance obligation related to exclusive agency license, the Company recognizes the revenue ratably upon
the satisfaction over the estimated economic life of the license. 

The Company does not have amounts of contract assets
since revenue is recognized as control of goods is transferred. The contract liabilities consist of advance payments from customers and
deferred revenue. Advance payments from customer are expected to be recognized as revenue within 12 months. Deferred revenue is expected
to be recognized as revenue within 12 months. 

and , respectively.
The annual average exchange rates for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are and , respectively. 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company has recorded provision for doubtful accounts of nil and nil, respectively. 

Work in process 

Total 

and
 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which represented prepayments to suppliers for raw materials. 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net 

Equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 were and ,
respectively. 

Less: Impairment 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Customer relations 

Translation/ Adjustments 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at end of year 

Total secured loan wholly repayable within 1 year 

Secured loan from Chailease Finance Co., Ltd wholly repayable more than 1 year 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
loan from Chailease Finance Co., Ltd of (or TWD with annual interest rate of was secured by pledging the timely
deposit in Sunny Bank (Xizhi Brench) of , and denominated in TWD for a term of 24 months. This facility of credit limit of TWD
 was obtained on December 19, 2022 and will be expired on . 

additional shares of common stock and warrants (equivalent to 15 of the Units sold in the Public Offering) at the public offering
price per Unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 23, 2022, the
underwriters exercised their option to purchase 
warrants for gross proceeds of , and the warrants were issued on September 26, 2022. 

The exercise price of the warrants is subject
to adjustment based on a reset provision. The exercise price will be reduced to the Reset Price, which is defined as the
greater of (i) 50 of the exercise price or (ii) 100 of the last volume-weighted average price (VWAP) immediately preceding the 90th
calendar day following the initial issuance date, if the Reset Price is lower than the exercise price on that date. 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Appraisal Date (Inception Date) 
 
 C Warrant 
September 27, 
2021 

D Warrant 
September 27, 
2021 

Market price per share (USD/share) 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Appraisal Date (Inception Date) 
 
 IPO Warrant 
September 26, 
2022 

Market price per share (USD/share) 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

The following
is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of warrants liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level
3 inputs: 

Warrants issued to investors 

Warrants issued to underwriter 

Fair value change of warrants included in earnings 

Total 

The following
is a summary of the warrant activity: 

Exercisable at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised / surrendered 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Outstanding at January 1, 2023 

Exercisable at January 1, 2023 

Granted 

Exercised / surrendered 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Exercisable at December 31, 2023 

Total net lease costs 

Maturity of lease liabilities under our non-cancelable operating leases
as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 are US nil . 

Salary payable 

Others 

Total 

to on April 1, 2019 of the gross sales proceeds
received, less any deductible VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayers. GZ WFH also subjected to 10 for the installment service provided. 

Taiwan 

Pursuant to the Value-added and Non-value-added Business
Tax Act and the related implementing rules, all entities and individuals taxpayers that are engaged in the sale of products
in the Taiwan are generally required to pay VAT, at a rate of 5 . 

2) Income tax 

United States 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the
 Tax Act was signed into legislation. The 2017 Tax Act significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other
things, lowering the statutory corporate tax rate from 34 to 21 , imposing a mandatory one-time tax on accumulated earnings of foreign
subsidiaries, introducing new tax regimes, and changing how foreign earnings are subject to U.S. tax. 

On December 22, 2017, Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
118 SAB 118 was issued to provide guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement
period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740.
The Company has completed the assessment of the income tax effect of the Tax Act and there were no adjustments recorded to the provisional
amounts. 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economy Security (CARES)
Act (the CARES Act, H.R. 748 was signed into law on 27 March 2020. The CARES Act temporarily eliminates the 80 taxable
income limitation (as enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017) for NOL deductions for 2018-2020 tax years and reinstated NOL carrybacks
for the 2018-2020 tax years. Moreover, the CARES Act also temporarily increases the business interest deduction limitations from 30 to
50 of adjusted taxable income for the 2019 and 2020 taxable year. Lastly, the Tax Act technical correction classifies qualified improvement
property as 15-year recovery period, allowing the bonus depreciation deduction to be claimed for such property retroactively as if it
was included in the Tax Act at the time of enactment. The Company does not anticipate a significant tax impact on its financial statements
and will continue to examine the impact the CARES Act may have on its business. 

The Company evaluated the Global Intangible Low Taxed
Income GILTI inclusion on current earnings and profits of greater than 10 owned foreign controlled corporations. The
Company has evaluated whether it has additional provision amount resulted by the GILTI inclusion on current earnings and profits of its
foreign controlled corporations. The law also provides that corporate taxpayers may benefit from a 50 reduction in the GILTI inclusion,
which effectively reduces the U.S. corporate tax rate on the foreign income to an effective rate of . The GILTI inclusion further
provides for a foreign tax credit in connection with the foreign taxes paid. In 2019, the Company recorded a GILTI inclusion of .
The Company has elected to treat the financial statement impact of GILTI as current period expenses. 

The reverse merger was completed on December 31, 2018
and the tax losses of US subsidiary was not in the scope as of December 31, 2018. As of December 31, 2019, net operating loss carried
forward which was available to offset future taxable income for the Company in the United States was . There is a full valuation
allowance applied against these loss carry forward as management determined it was not more likely than not that these net operating losses
would be utilized in the foreseeable future. 

Taiwan 

The Company s loss
before income taxes is primarily derived from the operations in Taiwan and income tax expense is primarily incurred in Taiwan. 

As a result of
amendments to the Taiwan Income Tax Act enacted by the Office of the President of Taiwan on February 7, 2018, the
statutory income tax rate increased from 17 to 20 and the undistributed earning tax, or a surtax, decreased
from 10 to 5 effective from January 1, 2018. As a result, the statutory income tax rate in Taiwan is 20 for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. An additional surtax, of which rate was reduced from 10 to 5 being applied to
the Company starting from September 1, 2018, is assessed on undistributed income for the entities in Taiwan, but only to the extent
such income is not distributed or set aside as a legal reserve before the end of the following year. The 5 surtax is recorded
in the period the income is earned, and the reduction in the surtax liability is recognized in the period the distribution to
stockholders or the setting aside of legal reserve is finalized in the following year. 

Hong Kong 

The HK tax reform has introduced two-tiered profits
tax rates for corporations. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the profits tax rate for the first HK 2 million (approximately
 257,931) of assessable profits will be lowered to (half of the rate specified in Schedule 8 to the Inland Revenue Ordinance (IRO))
for corporations. Assessable profits above HK 2 million (approximately 257,931) will continue to be subject to the rate of 16.5 for
corporations. The Company assessed that the HK entity will not earn a profit greater than HK 2 million (approximately 257,931), it is
subject to a corporate income tax rate of 8.25 . 

As of December 31, 2024, The Company s subsidiary
in Hong Kong had net operating loss carry forwards available to offset future taxable income. The net operating losses will be carryforward
indefinitely under Hong Kong Profits Tax regulation. There is a full valuation allowance applied against these loss carry forward as management
determined it was not more likely than not that these net operating losses would be utilized in the foreseeable future. 

PRC 

WFOE and the consolidated VIE established in the PRC
are subject to the PRC statutory income tax rate of , according to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax EIT law. 

In accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations
of the PRC, a company registered in the PRC is subject to income taxes within the PRC at the applicable tax rate on taxable income. All
the PRC subsidiaries were subject to income tax at a rate of 25 for the year ended December 31, 2022and 2021. According to PRC tax regulations,
the PRC net operating loss can generally carry forward for no longer than five years starting from the year subsequent to the year in
which the loss was incurred. 

The components of the income tax (benefit) expense
are: 

Deferred 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

The reconciliation of income taxes expenses computed
at the TW statutory tax rate (2021: at PRC statutory tax rate) applicable to income tax expense is as follows: 

Tax effect of non-deductible expense 

Tax effect of stock-based compensation 

Tax effect of non-taxable income 

Tax effect of different tax rates in other jurisdictions 

Others 

Changes in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

3) Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net 

The tax effects of temporary differences representing
deferred income tax assets and liabilities result principally from the following: 

Allowance for doubtful receivables 

Total deferred tax assets 

Reversal of deferred tax assets 

() 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property and equipment, difference in depreciation 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

The valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 was primarily provided for the deferred income tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will expire before the Company
is able to realize its benefits, or that the future deductibility is uncertain. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible or
utilizable. Management considers projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The movement for
the valuation allowance is as following. 

Additions of valuation allowance 

Reductions of valuation allowance 

Balance at the end of the year 

PRC Withholding Tax on Dividends 

The current PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law imposes
a 10 withholding income tax for dividends distributed by foreign-invested enterprises to their immediate holding companies outside the
PRC. A lower withholding tax rate will be applied if there is a tax treaty arrangement between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign
holding company. Distributions to holding companies in Hong Kong that satisfy certain requirements specified by PRC tax authorities, for
example, will be subject to a 5 withholding tax rate. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had not recorded any withholding tax on the retained earnings of its foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC, since the Company intends
to reinvest its earnings to potentially continue its business in mainland China, namely the manufacturing of the RASs through GZ GST,
and its foreign-invested enterprises do not intend to declare dividends to their immediate foreign holding companies. 

Sales 

The balance of sales with a related party was as following: 

Related Party Categories 

December 31, 
2023 

December 31, 
2022 

Grand Smooth Corporation Limited (2) 

Same director 

Total 

The sales prices and payment terms to related parties
were not significantly different from those of sales to third parties. For other related party transactions,
price and terms were determined in accordance with mutual agreements 

Note: 

(1) 

(2) 

shares with par value of each. On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a for each share
of common stock issued and outstanding. As a result of reverse stock split, the Company s common stock issued and outstanding decreased
from shares to shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split
on August 11, 2022. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, issued common stock were shares and , respectively. 

On August 11, 2022, the Company s common stock
commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NCRA on a post-reverse stock split basis. During the public
offering, common stocks, at par value 0.001 each, were issued at the offering price 3.5 each. The Company received total gross
proceeds of million from the public offering and after deducting the underwriting commissions, discounts and offering expenses,
the Company received net proceeds of approximately million. 

All number of shares, share amounts and per share
data presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively restated to reflect the
reverse merger transaction and subsequent issuance of shares stated above, except for authorized common shares, which were not affected. 

Series A Warrants for 20 quarters (5 years) for a total of Series A 
Warrants with exercise price of per share, subject to continued employment for services as Chairman of the Board and a Director. 

On June 1, 2020, Nocera granted Mr. Shun-Chih Chuang
and Mr. Hsien-Wen Yu shares of Class A warrants and shares of Class A warrants separately, each with exercise price of 
per share, for serving as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. The Company also granted 2 employees
 shares of Class A warrants with exercise price of per share. The Class A warrants consist of the right to purchase one share
for 0.50 per share from the date of issuance until April 23, 2026. 

On June 1, 2020, Nocera granted Mr. Michael A. Littman
 shares of Class A warrants with exercise price of per share and shares of Class B warrants with exercise price of
 per share. Mr. Littman exercised shares of Class A warrants and shares of Class B warrants on August 11, 2021. The
Class B warrants consist of the right to purchase one share for 1.00 per share separately from the date of issuance until April 23, 2026. 

On December 1, 2021, Nocera granted Mr. Shun-Chih
Chuang and Mr. Hsien-Wen Yu shares of Class A warrants and shares of Class A warrants separately, each with exercise price
of per share, for serving as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. The Company also granted 2
employees shares of Class A warrant with exercise price of per share. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of common stock to Mr. Shun-Chih Chuang and a total of five consultants in consideration for services rendered. 

On December 22, 2022, the Company issued and
 shares of common stock to Chen-Chun Chung and TraDigital respectively in consideration for services rendered. 

On March 22, 2023, the Company issued shares
of our common stock to our investor relation company, Hanover One International, Inc. 

On October 11, 2023, the Company issued shares
of our common stock to our consultant, Yu-Hao Chang. 

On December 5, 2023, the Company issued shares
of our common stock to our Chief Executive Officer, Andy Chin-An Jin. 

The estimated fair value of share-based compensation
for employees is recognized as a charge against income on a ratable basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting
period of the award. The fair value of stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
under the following assumptions: 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

The Company estimated the grant date fair value of
time-based stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires assumptions involving an estimate of the
fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant, the expected term of the options, volatility, discount rate and dividend
yield. The Company calculated expected option terms based on the simplified method for plain vanilla options
due to the limited exercise information. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the vesting
term and the original contractual term of the options. The Company calculated volatility using the average adjusted volatility of quick
companies feature of Capital IQ for a period of time reflective of the expected option term, while the discount rate was estimated using
the interest rate for a treasury note with the same contractual term as the options granted. Dividend yield is estimated at our current
dividend rate, which adjustments for any known future changes in the rate. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2022, and share-based compensation expenses was recognized into additional paid-in capital of the Company, respectively. 

As of December
31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards was . This amount is expected
to be recognized as stock-based compensation expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
over the remaining vesting period of years. 

shares of
preferred shares of each at an issue price of per share to certain investors credited as fully paid. The preferred shares
are non-voting and non-redeemable. The holder of the preferred shares will have priority over the holders of ordinary shares of the Company
on the assets and funds of the Company available for distribution in a distribution of assets on liquidation, winding up or dissolution
of the Company. The holder of the preferred shares shall not have the right to attend or vote at any general meeting of the Company (except
a general meeting for winding up of the Company or a resolution is to be proposed which if passed would vary or abrogate the rights or
privileges of such holder). 

On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. As a result of reverse stock split, the shares of common stock issuable
upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock decreased from 80,000 shares to 53,334 shares. 

() 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 

() 

() 
 
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

() 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss per share from continuing operations basic and diluted (1) 

() 

() 
 
 Net (loss) income per share from discontinued operations basic and diluted (1) 

() 

Basic net loss per common share is computed using
the weighted average number of the common shares outstanding during the period. 

(1) 

Contingencies 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company may
be subject to legal proceeding regarding contractual and employment relationships and a variety of other matters. The Company records
contingent liabilities resulting from such claims when a loss is assessed to be probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. 

The Company has no significant pending litigation
for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

(post-split)
shares of our restricted common stock to stockholders of Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd., a Taiwan limited liability company XFC ),
in exchange for 100 controlling interest in XFC. We also entered into contractual arrangements with a stockholder of XFC, that enabled
us to have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affects the economic performance of XFC and receive the economic
benefits of XFC that could be significant to XFC. On November 30, 2022, the Company, XFC and Han-Chieh Shih (the Purchaser entered into certain Share Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser
agreed to purchase XFC 100 controlling interest in exchange of cash purchase price of (the Consideration ). The
transaction contemplated by the Purchase Agreement is hereby referred as the Disposal. On March 29, 2022, management was authorized to
approve and commit to a plan to sell XFC. On November 30, 2022, the parties completed all the share transfer registration procedure as
required by the laws of Taiwan and all the other closing conditions have been satisfied, as a result, the Disposal contemplated by the
Purchase Agreement is completed and the VIE agreements were terminated. 

In accordance with ASC 205-20-45, XFC met the
criteria as a discontinued operation. As of November 30, 2022, the assets relevant to the sale of XFC with a carrying value of million
were classified as assets held, the liabilities relevant to the sale of XFC with a carrying value of were classified as liabilities
held for sale, and the cumulative translation adjustments relevant to the sale of XFC of million was removed from the equity component
and was reported as a gain on the sale of XFC. A net loss of million was recognized as the net loss from disposal of discontinued
operation in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The following is a reconciliation of the amounts
of major classes of income from operations classified as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Cost of revenues 

() 
 
 Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

() 
 
 Other revenue 

Other expenses 

Income tax 

Net gain from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

() 

Trade receivables 

Inventory 

Plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets customer relations 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

() 
 
 Net assets value 

Net assets acquired @ 80 

Goodwill 

Purchases price 

Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd. 

On November 30, 2022, the Company terminated the VIE
agreements with and settled all debt claims as to XFC. The fair values of assets and liabilities of XFC were as follows: 

Trade receivables 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Plant and equipment, net 

Bank borrowing 

() 
 
 Other payables and accrued liabilities 

() 
 
 Income tax payable 

() 
 
 Goodwill 

Net assets acquired 

Consideration received 

() 
 
 Loss on disposal of subsidiary 

F- 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nocera_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Andy Chin-An Jin, Chief Executive Officer of Nocera,
Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and
have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any
change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and
to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

November 20, 2024 

/s/ Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nocera_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Shun-Chih Chuang, Chief Financial Officer of Nocera,
Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and
have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any
change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and
to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

November 20, 2024 

/s/ Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nocera_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
of Nocera, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Yin-Chieh Cheng, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 20, 2024 

/s/ Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 Andy Chin-An Jin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nocera_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
of Nocera, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Shun-Chih Chuang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 20, 2024 

/s/ Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Shun-Chih Chuang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ncra-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ncra-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ncra-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ncra-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

