<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241120_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1331612_0001477932-24-007512.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5770371</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62003</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>953039</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1425922</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1234728</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1922302</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007512.hdr.sgml : 20241120
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241120171000
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007512
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241120
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001331612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PROFESSIONAL & COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				331130446
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51390
		FILM NUMBER:		241481292

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2310 YORK ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLUE ISLAND
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		708-925-9424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2310 YORK ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLUE ISLAND
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fresh Harvest Products, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Serino 1, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Serion 1, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007512.txt : 20241120

10-Q/A
 1
 imth_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

imth_10qa.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ., , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not applicable. Note applicable. Not applicable. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of November 19, 2024, there were shares of Common Stock, 0.000001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. Innovative MedTech, Inc. Form 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 4 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 4 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 29 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 29 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 31 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 31 Item 1A. Risk Factors 31 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 31 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 31 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 31 Item 5. Other Information 31 Item 6. Exhibits 32 Exhibit Index 32 Signatures 33 2 Table of Contents NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the words we, us, our, the Company, Innovative MedTech or Innovative in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q collectively refers to Innovative MedTech, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and its subsidiaries. The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A contains forward-looking statements relating to the Company, within the meaning of Section 27 as of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. This report contains information that may be deemed forward-looking, that is based largely on the Company s current expectations, and is subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Among such risks, trends and other uncertainties, which in some instances are beyond its control, may be the Company s ability to generate cash flows and maintain liquidity sufficient to service its debt, and comply with or obtain amendments or waivers of the financial covenants contained in its credit facilities, if necessary. Other risks and uncertainties include the impact of continuing adverse economic conditions, potential changes in the adult day care industry, energy costs, interest rates and the availability of credit, labor costs, legislative and regulatory rulings and other results of operations or financial conditions, increased capital and other costs, competition and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company s publicly filed documents. The words may , will , would , could , believes , expects , anticipates , intends , plans , projects , considers and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are made as of the date of this report. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements. 3 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Unaudited Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Notes receivable, related party Prepaid expenses Total current assets Deposits Deposit on business acquisition Right-of-use asset Finance lease asset, net Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Total Assets Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest Accrued interest, related parties Notes payable, related parties, current Notes payable, current, net of and 0 in unamortized discount, respectively Convertible notes payable, current SBA Loan, current Line of credit Derivative liability Finance lease liability Operating lease liability Total current liabilities Royalty liability Finance lease liability, non-current Operating lease liability, non-current Notes payable, non-current SBA Loan, non-current Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders' Deficit Series A Preferred stock, par value; authorized: shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Unaudited Revenue: Participant fees Franchise fees Operating expenses: General and administrative Stock-based compensation Salaries and wages Consulting fees Legal and professional fees Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense, related parties Interest expense Change in fair value of derivatives Amortization of debt discount Other income Total other income (expense) Net loss Basic and diluted earnings per share on net loss Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 5 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Additional Series A Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, June 30, 2024 Stock issued for services - Stock issued for deposit in joint venture - Stock-based compensation - - Net loss - - Balance, September 30, 2024 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 6 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Unaudited Series A Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, June 30, 2023 Warrants issued with notes payable - - Net loss - - Balance, September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 7 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Unaudited For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Stock issued for services Amortization of royalty fee liability discount Amortization of debt discount Change in fair value of derivatives Amortization of right-of-use Changes in operating assets liabilities Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Deposits Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest, related party Accrued interest Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Acquisition of fixed assets Net cash provided (used) by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from convertible notes payable Proceeds from notes payable Payments on SBA loan Payments on convertible notes payable Payments on notes payable Proceeds from line of credit Payments on line of credit Payments on finance lease Net cash provided (used) by financing activities Increase in Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and equivalents at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued for deposit on business acquisition - Right-of-use asset and operating lease liability See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 8 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) . and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company maintained total assets of , total liabilities including long-term debt of along with an accumulated deficit of . The Company continues to have limited capital resources and has experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations and expects these conditions to continue for the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash available for operations and had an accumulated deficit of . Management believes that cash on hand as of September 30, 2024 is not sufficient to fund operations through June 30, 2025. The Company will be required to raise additional funds to meet its short and long-term planned goals. There can be no assurance that such funds, if available at all, can be obtained on terms reasonable to the Company. 9 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents at September 30, 2024. For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. Earnings Per Share Calculation of Common Stock Equivalents CSE not included in the diluted per share because they are considered anti-dilutive. Intangible Assets Trademarks Non-Compete Agreement CARF Accreditation Franchise Agreements 10 Table of Contents . Revenue Recognition Patient Fees 11 Table of Contents Franchise Fees Income Taxes Leases 12 Table of Contents Embedded Conversion Features Derivative financial instruments 13 Table of Contents Debt Issue Costs and Debt Discount Reclassification of Presentation Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Subsequent Events Total notes receivable Less long-term Total short term notes receivable 14 Table of Contents Vehicles Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Less: Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment - net Depreciation expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. and , respectively, in outstanding notes payable, as following: 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Less: Unamortized discount Total Total Current Total Long Term ________ As of September 30, 2024, these notes are in default. Year Ended June 30, 2026 Year Ended June 30, 2027 Year Ended June 30, 2028 Total future payments 15 Table of Contents , at an interest rate of and a maturity date of . If the Company defaults, then the . On July 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with a lender in the amount of , at an interest rate of and a maturity date of . If the Company defaults, then the . and respectively, in outstanding notes payable, related parties. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company had and , respectively, in accrued interest related to these notes. Some of these notes were assumed in connection with the acquisition on March 25, 2021. 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 11/31/23 15 875 16 17 18 19 Total As of September 30, 2024, these notes are in default. The above amounts and terms are not necessarily what third parties would agree to. 16 Table of Contents Total Current 266,900 As of September 30, 2024, these notes are in default. and , respectively, in the form of an SBA loan. Installment payments, including principal and interest of are due monthly beginning on December 22, 2021. The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the promissory note date. The interest accrues at a rate of per annum. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and in accrued interest related to the SBA loan. Year Ended June 30, 2026 Year Ended June 30, 2027 Year Ended June 30, 2028 Year Ended June 30, 2029 Payments 2030 Thereafter Total Payments 17 Table of Contents June 30, 2024 Indexed Fair The financings giving rise to derivative financial instruments Shares Values Compound embedded derivative The following tables summarizes the effects on the Company s gain (loss) associated with changes in the fair values of the derivative financial instruments by type of financing for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: The financings giving rise to derivative financial instruments and the income effects: Day one derivative loss - - Total derivative gain (loss) The Company s convertible notes gave rise to derivative financial instruments. The notes embodied certain terms and conditions that were not clearly and closely related to the host debt agreement in terms of economic risks and characteristics. These terms and features consist of the embedded conversion option. Current accounting principles that are provided in ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging require derivative financial instruments to be classified in liabilities and carried at fair value with changes recorded in income. In addition, the standards do not permit an issuer to account separately for individual derivative terms and features embedded in hybrid financial instruments that require bifurcation and liability classification as derivative financial instruments. Rather, such terms and features must be bundled together and fair valued as a single, compound embedded derivative. The Company has selected the Monte Carlo Simulations valuation technique to fair value the compound embedded derivative because it believes that this technique is reflective of all significant assumption types, and ranges of assumption inputs, that market participants would likely consider in transactions involving compound embedded derivatives. Such assumptions include, among other inputs, interest risk assumptions, credit risk assumptions and redemption behaviors in addition to traditional inputs for option models such as market trading volatility and risk-free rates. The Monte Carlo Simulations technique is a level three valuation technique because it requires the development of significant internal assumptions in addition to observable market indicators. 18 Table of Contents Contractual conversion rate - - Range of effective contractual conversion rates - - Contractual term to maturity Year Years Years Market volatility: Volatility - - - Contractual interest rate - - - The following table reflects the issuances of compound embedded derivatives and changes in fair value inputs and assumptions related to the compound embedded derivatives during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended June 30, 2024. Issuances: Convertible Note Financing Removals Changes in fair value inputs and assumptions reflected Conversions Ending balance The fair value of the compound embedded derivative is significantly influenced by the Company s trading market price, the price volatility in trading and the interest components of the Monte Carlo Simulation technique. shares of common stock of Vitality RX, Inc., a Delaware corporation Vitality ), representing 100 ownership of Vitality, from Vitality s five shareholders identified in the Share Exchange Agreement (the Vitality Shareholders ), in consideration of the issuance by the Company to the Vitality Shareholders of shares of Innovative common stock, and (such shares of common stock and preferred stock collectively the Shares ). On or about April 28, 2022, the transaction closed, Innovative received the stock of Vitality from the Vitality Shareholders, and issued the Shares to the Vitality Shareholders. The Company determined that Vitality did not meet the definition of a business under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business Combinations, as such, the issuance of shares was treated as stock-based compensation expense. 19 Table of Contents common shares, par value, per share, to shareholders of Shear Kershman Labs for the Exclusive License Agreement entered into with the Company. On or about September 11, 2024, the Company issued common shares, par value, per share, to several consultants for consulting services and their expertise in technology, financial services and media. On or about April 12, 2024, the Company issued common shares, par value, per share, to several consultants for consulting services and their expertise in technology, financial services and media. On March 7, 2024, the Company issued restricted common shares, par value, per share, to 6 Board of Advisor Members and 7 consultants to the Company. On August 21, 2023 the Company issued a Note (Note 7, Ref #7) which included warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share, par value, per share. The warrants have an expiration date of August 21, 2028. Conversion of Notes Payable to Common Shares On April 4, 2024, one Noteholders converted two notes for a total of of convertible promissory notes into common shares of the Company, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock As of June 30, 2024, the Company had authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, per share. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations The Preferred Shares each have Certificate of Designations, which designate as follows: Number shares of the Parent Company s Preferred Stock are designated as shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share. Dividends Any dividends (other than dividends on common stock payable solely in common stock or dividends on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock payable solely in Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or dividends on the Series B Preferred Convertible Stock payable solely in Series B Convertible Preferred Stock) declared or paid in any fiscal year will be declared or paid among the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and common stock then outstanding in proportion to the greatest whole number of shares of common stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations. The Parent Company s Board of Directors is under no obligation to declare dividends on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Conversion Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Parent Company s common stock (the Conversion Rate ). 20 Table of Contents and as of June 30, 2024 was . The net change in allowance during the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 43,824,300 The Company may be able to utilize its NOLs to reduce future federal and state income tax liabilities. However, these NOLs are subject to various limitations under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382. IRC Section 382 limits the use of NOLs to the extent there has been an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points. In addition, the NOL carry-forwards are subject to examination by the taxing authority and could be adjusted or disallowed due to such exams. Although the Company has not undergone an IRC Section 382 analysis, it is possible that the utilization of the NOLs could be substantially limited. The Company has no tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 due to losses and full valuation allowances against net deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the difference between the tax provision at the statutory federal income tax rate and the tax provision attributable to loss before income taxes is as follows (in percentages): State taxes net of federal benefits Valuation allowance Income tax rate net FASB Interpretation No. 48 (Fin 48) - Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positions The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state, and local jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examination by tax authorities, with limited exception, for the quarters prior to December 31, 2014. With respect to state and local jurisdictions, with limited exception, the Company is no longer subject to income tax audits prior to December 31, 2014. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain, the Company believes that adequate amounts of tax, interest and penalties have been provided for any adjustments that may result from these open tax years. 21 Table of Contents and , respectively, subject to further interest and penalties. The total amount due to both taxing authorities including penalties and interest as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was approximately subject to further penalties and interest. This is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. IRS Tax Lien The Internal Revenue Service has placed a federal tax lien on all of the assets of the Company. . . SarahCare closed this location in April 2024. The Company is currently negotiating with the landlord to find a new tenant and to repay the remaining amounts due on this lease. SarahCare The Company is currently in default under its payment obligations in connection with the acquisition of SarahCare. The Company has Million Dollars on its balance sheet for the payment obligation due SarahCare, for the years ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. The Company is involved in a lawsuit with the original shareholders of SarahCare, who are seeking in damages, plus interests, costs and attorney fees; this amount includes the original Million. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter, and believes that the likelihood of a negative outcome is considered to be remote. square feet at 4472 Darrow Road, Stow, Ohio 44224. The lease expires on and the lease payments are as follows: May 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 ________ The Company has to repay the lessor monthly payments as a result of COVID relief. 22 Table of Contents square feet at 4580 Stephen Circle NW. Canton, OH 44718. The monthly lease payments are and the lease expires on . In connection with the acquisition of Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. on March 25, 2021, the Company acquired a facilities lease with square feet in Jackson, Ohio. The monthly lease payments are , which includes monthly payments of as repayments for COVID relief. The lease expires on . S. Frank Professional Lease Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value is the incremental borrowing rate, estimated to be , as the interest rate implicit in most of the Company s leases is not readily determinable. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Since the common area maintenance expenses are expenses that do not depend on an index or rate, they are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability and recognized in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Right-of-use asset is summarized below: Less: accumulated amortization Right-of-use asset, net Right-of-use asset is summarized below: Less: accumulated amortization Right-of-use asset, net 23 Table of Contents Less: current portion Long term portion Operating lease liability is summarized below: Less: current portion Long term portion Maturity of the lease liability is as follows: 24 Table of Contents Finance leases Year ending June 30, 2026 Year ending June 30, 2027 Year ending June 30, 2028 Year ending June 30, 2029 - Total future minimum lease payments Present value discount Lease liability Commencing during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company leases office equipment under two finance leases with combined monthly payments of . The leases mature on March 1, 2024 and . Finance right of use assets are summarized below: Less accumulated amortization Finance right of use asset On October 1, 2021, the Company discontinued use of one of its copiers. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment of assets in the amount of . Amortization expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Finance lease liabilities are summarized below: Less: current portion Long term portion Year Ended June 30, 2026 Year Ended June 30, 2027 Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest PV of payments 25 Table of Contents shares of the Company s common stock at (the Options ), in consideration of prior services rendered by Mr. Friedman to the Company. The Options shall be issued to Mr. Friedman s limited liability company, Red Halo, LLC. As of June 30, 2024, a company founded and partially owned by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt, has been assigned the in payables to a Company owned by Charle s Everhardt for the Vitality Card, this amount included which was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of June 30, 2023. The above amounts and terms are not necessarily what third parties would agree to. 26 Table of Contents Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS F orward Looking Statements Some of the information in this section contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, believe, estimate and continue, or similar words. We believe it is important to communicate our expectations. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or over which we have no control. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless stated otherwise, the words we, us, our, the Company or Innovative MedTech in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q collectively refers to Innovative MedTech, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Parent Company ), and subsidiaries. Overview Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a provider of health and wellness services. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. With 25 centers (1 corporate and 24 franchise locations) located in 13 states, SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities focusing on meeting their physical and medical needs on a daily basis, and ranging from nursing care to salon services and providing meals, to offering engaging and enriching activities to allow them to continue to lead active and engaged lives. The Company is a provider of health and wellness services and has two divisions: technology and devices and Adult Day Services. The Company s technology and devices division has signed a distribution agreement with 2 products: a high detection vein visualization device and an Oral Thrush product, and the Company s wholly owned subsidiary SarahCare, an adult day care center franchisor with 1 corporate owned center and 24 franchise locations across the United States. SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities ranging from exercise and medical needs daily to nursing care and salon services. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. At that time, SarahCare had 25 centers (2 corporate and 23 franchise locations) located in 13 states, SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities focusing on meeting their physical and medical needs on a daily basis, and ranging from nursing care to salon services and providing meals, to offering engaging and enriching activities to allow them to continue to lead active and engaged lives. We are now focusing all of our efforts on our senior care operations. On or about April 16, 2024, the Company entered into a distribution agreement (the "Agreement") with Near Infrared Imaging, Inc. ("NII") for Vein-Eye Carry, a patent-pending vein illumination technology which employs advanced optics and real-time imaging to precisely identify veins, reducing the need for multiple attempts and enhancing procedural accuracy. The Agreement gives the Company the non-exclusive right to distribute NII's product(s) with no limitations on the territory. NII's Vein-Eye Carry is a Class 1, 510-k exempt medical device, is TAA and FAR compliant, and is designed, engineered and manufactured in the U.S. The Vein-Eye Carry is lightweight and portable and can be successfully carried into a home, up flights of stairs, carried into a clinic nursing home, placed in an ambulance or another emergency medical vehicle. 27 Table of Contents On or about May 17, 2024, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the Exclusive License Agreement with Shear Kershman Labs, a Missouri corporation SKL ). SKL has developed Oral Thrush, a mouth wash that treats oral thrush, a condition in which a fungus, Candida albicans, accumulates on the lining of the mouth and sometimes overgrows and causes symptoms, such as creamy white lesions, usually on the tongue or inner cheeks. Under the Exclusive License Agreement, SKL will form a subsidiary to distribute Oral Thrush, the Company shall become an 80 owner of the subsidiary, and the Company will issue 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to SKL. The following Management Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-Q. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had current assets of 1,278,836. The Company has a limited amount of liquid cash and no other liquid assets on hand as of September 30, 2024, and this is not sufficient to fund operations for the next 12 months. Accordingly, we will be required to raise additional funds to meet our short and long-term planned goals. There can be no assurance that such funds, if available at all, can be obtained on terms reasonable to us. In this regard, we have obtained and will continue to attempt to obtain (short and long term) loans for inventory purchases, new product development, expansion, advertising and marketing. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining the aforementioned financings (either debt or equity) on terms acceptable to us, or otherwise. Our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that we will be able to realize our assets and discharge our obligations in the normal course of business. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and March 31, 2023 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we recorded gross revenues of 428,384 versus 480,708 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, as a result of the Company s closure of one of its corporate locations, ability to close some of the centers for limited amounts of time, and fewer participants coming to the centers. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, operating expenses increased to 1,255,128 from 627,515, a 627,613 increase, or (100.02 ), over the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase is due to an increase in consulting and legal and professional fees. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, interest expense increased to 29,587 from 21,863 an increase of 35.33 over the quarter ended September 30, 2023. This increase is primarily due to an increase in interest expense. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we realized a net loss of 883,531 as compared to a net loss of 165,063 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase in our net loss of 718,468 was primarily due to an increase in consulting legal and professional fees. Liquidity and Capital Resources Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources . 28 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make a number of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Such estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experiences and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable in the circumstances; however, actual results may differ from these estimates under different future conditions. Inflation We do not believe that inflation had a significant impact on our results of operations for the periods presented. Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information required to be disclosed, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information was not accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 29 Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, which assessment identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Since the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting did identify a material weakness, management considers its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective. Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting had the following deficiency: We were unable to maintain any segregation of duties within our business operations due to our reliance on a single individual fulfilling the role of sole officer. This control deficiency did result in adjustments to our 2012 and 2013 interim and annual financial statements. Accordingly, we have determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. To the extent reasonably possible, given our limited resources, our goal is, upon sufficient operating cash flow and/or capital, to separate the responsibilities of principal executive officer and principal financial officer, intending to rely on two or more individuals. We will also seek to expand our current board of directors to include additional individuals willing to perform directorial functions. Since the recited remedial actions will require that we hire or engage additional personnel, this material weakness may not be overcome in the near term due to our limited financial resources. Until such remedial actions can be realized, we will continue to rely on the advice of outside professionals and consultants. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there has been no change in internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 30 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Other than disclosed herein, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the results of our operations. On or about October 2, 2024, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc. was named as a defendant in a complaint filed in the Summit County Court of Common Please, Summit County Courthouse in Akron, OH (case no.: CV-2024-10-4369), but Premier Wadsworth Property, LLC (the Plaintiff ), who is the owner and landlord for the Stow Professional Center, where SarahCare had a corporate center, which it closed around April 2024, approximately 1 year prior to the term of the lease. The Plaintiff alleges that it is owed damages totaling at least 102,407, including all rent, utilities, and attorney s fees. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter. On or about April 17, 2024, the Company was notified that a complaint had been filed against it in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division (case no. 5:24-cv-00687), by Merle Griff, Adam Griff and Brian Froelich (the Plaintiffs ), who are the original shareholders of SarahCare, which is wholly owned by the Company, alleging breach of breach of contract and related causes of action in connection with unpaid royalties pursuant to the Company s original purchase agreement in connection with SarahCare, and seeking 1,841,537 in damages, plus interests, costs and attorney fees. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter. Additionally, we currently have thirteen (13) convertible promissory notes that are in default, and we may be subject to legal proceedings or lawsuits from any number of those convertible noteholders, including the below. On April 7, 2013, three note holders (Brook Hazelton, Benjamin M. Manalaysay, Jr., and Diego McDonald, the Plaintiffs ), whom together invested a total principal amount of 45,000 in the form of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes to the Company, together filed a Notice of Commencement of Action Subject to Mandatory Electronic Filing in the Supreme Count of the State of New York, County of New York. The Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached their contracts with the Plaintiffs and included causes of action for unjust enrichment and related claims, seeking repayment of each of their respective convertible promissory notes plus interest. On or about February 24, 2014, the three Plaintiffs received judgment against the Company from the court in the amounts of 33,686, 8,546 and 33,696 respectively. Our wholly owned subsidiary, SarahCare, is not involved in any legal proceedings at this time. Except as set forth herein, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings, and management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any unregistered sales of any equity securities. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company was in default under the majority of its outstanding legacy convertible notes. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 31 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. See the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this Registration Statement, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (New Jersey) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10SB filed with the SEC on June 29, 2005) 3.2 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10SB filed with the SEC on June 29, 2005) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2006) 3.4 Certificate of Incorporation (Delaware) 3.5 Certificate of Merger (redomiciling from New Jersey to Delaware) 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 3.7 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 10.1+ Standard Office Lease by and between DeVille Developments, LLC, and Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., dated June 2, 2017 10.2+ Lease by and between Stow Professional Center, LLC, and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc., dated September 4, 2014 10.3+ Lease Agreement by and between S. Frank Prof. Bldg., LLC, and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc., dated March 20, 2018 10.4+ Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Innovative MedTech, Inc., Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc., The Sellers Named Herein, Dr. Merle Griff, as the Seller Representative, and Veteran Services LLC, dated as of March 25, 2021 10.5 Share Exchange Agreement, by and between Innovative MedTech, Inc., VC Bin, LLC, Webb Media, LLC, Melides Capital, LLC, Ronald Schreiber, and Dovner Holdings, LLC, dated April 26, 2022 10.6 Executive Employment Agreement between Innovative MedTech, Inc. and Dr. Merle Griff, dated May 2, 2022 10.7 Consulting Agreement between Innovative MedTech, Inc. and Red Halo, LLC, dated May 2, 2022 10.8 Exclusive License Agreement by and between Innovative MedTech, Inc. and Shearson Kershman Labs, dated May 17, 2024 14.1 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2006) 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ________ Filed herewith + Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) and/or Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Commission upon request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 32 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Innovative MedTech, Inc. (Registrant) /s/ Michael Friedman Michael Friedman Chief Executive Officer Date: November 20, 2024 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 imth_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Jordan Friedman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Innovative MedTech, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Michael Friedman Michael Friedman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 imth_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Jordan Friedman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Innovative MedTech, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Michael Jordan Friedman Michael Jordan Friedman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 imth_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Jordan Friedman, Chief Executive Officer of Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Michael Friedman Michael Friedman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 imth_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Jordan Friedman, Chief Financial Officer of Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Michael Jordan Friedman Michael Jordan Friedman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 imth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 imth-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 imth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 imth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

