<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_723612_0000723612-24-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9760085</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99862</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1593545</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3633013</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2195259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2003205</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000723612-24-000052.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101093746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000723612-24-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVIS BUDGET GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AUTO RENTAL & LEASING (NO DRIVERS) [7510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				060918165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10308
		FILM NUMBER:		241417426

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		379 INTERPACE PARKWAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-496-4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		379 INTERPACE PARKWAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENDANT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUC INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMP U CARD INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870914

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000723612-24-000052.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 car-20240930.htm
 10-Q

car-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock was shares as of October 30, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statement s 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 42 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 43 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be considered forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained herein are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our future financial performance, business strategy, projected plans and objectives. These statements may be identified by the fact that they do not relate to historical or current facts and may use words such as believes, expects, anticipates, will, should, could, may, would, intends, projects, estimates, plans, forecasts, guidance, and similar words, expressions or phrases. The following important factors and assumptions could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 the high level of competition in the mobility industry, including from new companies or technology, and the impact such competition may have on pricing and rental volume; 
 
 a change in our fleet costs, including as a result of a change in the cost of new vehicles, resulting from inflation or otherwise, manufacturer recalls, disruption in the supply of new vehicles, including due to labor actions or otherwise, shortages in semiconductors used in new vehicle production, and/or a change in the price at which we dispose of used vehicles either in the used vehicle market or under repurchase or guaranteed depreciation programs; 
 
 the results of operations or financial condition of the manufacturers of our vehicles, which could impact their ability to perform their payment obligations under our agreements with them, including repurchase and/or guaranteed depreciation arrangements, and/or their willingness or ability to make vehicles available to us or the mobility industry as a whole on commercially reasonable terms or at all; 
 
 levels of and volatility in travel demand, including future volatility in airline passenger traffic; 
 
 a deterioration in economic conditions, resulting in a recession or otherwise, particularly during our peak season or in key market segments; 
 
 an occurrence or threat of terrorism, pandemics, severe weather events or natural disasters, military conflicts, including the ongoing military conflicts in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, or civil unrest in the locations in which we operate, and the potential effects of sanctions on the world economy and markets and/or international trade ; 
 
 any substantial changes in the cost or supply of fuel, vehicle parts, energy, labor or other resources on which we depend to operate our business, including as a result of pandemics, inflation, the ongoing military conflicts in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, and any embargoes on oil sales imposed on or by the Russian government ; 
 
 our ability to successfully implement or achieve our business plans and strategies, achieve and maintain cost savings and adapt our business to changes in mobility; 
 
 political, economic or commercial instability in the countries in which we operate, and our ability to conform to multiple and conflicting laws or regulations in tho se countries; 
 
 the performance of the used vehicle market from time to time, including our ability to dispose of vehicles in the used vehicle market on attractive terms; 
 
 our dependence on third-party distribution channels, third-party suppliers of other services an d co-marketing arrangements with third parties; 
 
 risks related to completed or future acquisitions or investments that we may pursue, including the incurrence of incremental indebtedness to help fund such transactions and our ability to promptly and 
 1 

Table of Contents 

effectively integrate any acquired businesses or capitalize on joint ventures, partnerships and other investments; 
 
 our ability to utilize derivative instruments, and the impact of derivative instruments we utilize, which can be affected by fluctuations in interest rates, fuel prices and exchange rates, changes in government regulations and other factors; 
 
 our exposure to uninsured or unpaid claims in excess of historical levels and our ability to obtain insurance at desired levels and the cost of that insurance; 
 
 risks associated with litigation or governmental or regulatory inquiries, or any failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations or contractual obligations or any changes in laws, regulations or contractual obligations, including with respect to personally identifiable information and consumer privacy, labor and employment, and tax; 
 
 risks related to protecting the integrity of, and preventing unauthorized access to, our information technology systems or those of our third-party vendors, licensees, dealers, independent operators and independent contractors, and protecting the confidential information of our employees and customers against security breaches, including physical or cybersecurity breaches, attacks, or other disruptions, compliance with privacy and data protection regulation, and the effects of any potential increase in cyberattacks on the world economy and markets and/or international trade; 
 
 any impact on us from the actions of our third-party vendors, licensees, dealers, independent operators and independent contractors and/or disputes that may arise out of our agreements with such parties; 
 
 any major disruptions in our communication networks or information systems; 
 
 risks related to tax obligations and the effect of future changes in tax laws and accounting standards; 
 
 risks related to our indebtedness, including our substantial outstanding debt obligations, recent and future interest rate increases, which increase our financing costs, downgrades by rating agencies and our ability to incur substantially more debt; 
 
 our ability to obtain financing for our global operations, including the funding of our vehicle fleet through the issuance of asset-backed securities and use of the global lending markets; 
 
 our ability to meet the financial and other covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, or to obtain a waiver or amendment of such covenants should we be unable to meet such covenants; 
 
 significant changes in the assumptions and estimates that are used in our impairment testing for goodwill or intangible assets, which could result in a significant impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets; and 
 
 other business, economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, political or technological factors affecting our operations, pricing or services. 
 
 We operate in a continuously changing business environment and new risk factors emerge from time to time. New risk factors, factors beyond our control, or changes in the impact of identified risk factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Moreover, we do not assume responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecasted or anticipated. Other factors and assumptions not identified above, including those discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Item 2 and Risk Factors in Item 1A in this quarterly report and in similarly titled sections set forth in Item 7 and in Item 1A and in other portions of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 16, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Although we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, any or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate and we can make no guarantees about our future performance. Should unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and/or those anticipated, estimated or projected. We undertake no obligation to release any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. For any forward-looking statements contained in any document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Expenses Operating Vehicle depreciation and lease charges, net Selling, general and administrative Vehicle interest, net Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense Early extinguishment of debt Restructuring and other related charges Transaction-related costs, net Other (income) expense, net Total expenses Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 Earnings per share Basic Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill Other intangibles, net Other non-current assets Total assets exclusive of assets under vehicle programs Assets under vehicle programs: Program cash Vehicles, net Receivables from vehicle manufacturers and other Investment in Avis Budget Rental Car Funding (AESOP) LLC related party Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and other current liabilities Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities exclusive of liabilities under vehicle programs Liabilities under vehicle programs: Debt Debt due to Avis Budget Rental Car Funding (AESOP) LLC related party Deferred income taxes Other Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 par value authorized shares; issued and outstanding, in each period 
 Common stock, par value authorized shares; issued shares, in each period 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost shares, in each period 
 ) ) Stockholders equity attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 ) ) Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Vehicle depreciation Amortization of right-of-use assets (Gain) loss on sale of vehicles, net ) Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt financing fees Early extinguishment of debt costs Net change in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) Income taxes and deferred income taxes Accounts payable and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Property and equipment additions ) ) Proceeds received on asset sales Net assets acquired (net of cash acquired) ) ) Other, net Net cash used in investing activities exclusive of vehicle programs ) ) Vehicle programs: Investment in vehicles ) ) Proceeds received on disposition of vehicles Investment in debt securities of Avis Budget Rental Car Funding (AESOP) LLC related party ) ) Proceeds from debt securities of Avis Budget Rental Car Funding (AESOP) LLC related party ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Financing activities Proceeds from long-term borrowings Payments on long-term borrowings ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Debt financing fees ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities exclusive of vehicle programs ) Vehicle programs: Proceeds from borrowings Payments on borrowings ) ) Debt financing fees ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash, end of period 
 See Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Stockholders Equity Attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 Non-controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Net activity related to restricted stock units ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Net activity related to restricted stock units Repurchases of common stock (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 __________ 
 (a) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Stockholders Equity Attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 Non-controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Net activity related to restricted stock units ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Net activity related to restricted stock units ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 __________ 
 (a) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 8 

Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 (Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts are in millions, except per share amounts) 

1. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, Program cash and Restricted cash. 
 
 Program cash Restricted cash (a) 
 Total cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash 
 ________ 
 (a) Included within other current assets. 
 9 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had equity method investments with a carrying value o f million and million, respectively, which are included in other non-current assets. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income of million related to our equity method investments, in each period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded income of million and million related to our equity method investments, respectively. In July 2024, we received a million dividend from our equity method investment in our Greece licensee. See Note 14 Related Party Transactions for our equity method investment in our former subsidiary. 
 
 which were approximately million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

10 

Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia and Australasia Total revenues 
 
 The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by brand: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Avis Budget Other (a) 
 Total revenues 
 ________ 
 (a) Other includes Zipcar and other operating brands. 

11 

2. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia and Australasia Total lease revenues 
 
 The following table presents our lease revenues disaggregated by brand: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Avis Budget Other (a) 
 Total lease revenues 
 ________ 
 (a) Other includes Zipcar and other operating brands. 

Variable lease expense Total property lease expense 
 ________ 
 (a) Primarily within operating expenses. 
 
 12 

Short-term operating lease liabilities (a) 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 ________ 
 (a) Included in accounts payable and other current liabilities . 
 
 Non-cash activities - increase (decrease) in ROU assets in exchange for lease liabilities: Property operating leases 
 
 13 

3. 
 
 million related to this initiative to be incurred this year and for this initiative to continue into 2025. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we initiated a restructuring plan to focus on consolidating our global operations by designing new processes and implementing new systems Cost Optimization ). We expect this initiative to be completed this year. 
 
 Restructuring expense: Global Rightsizing Cost Optimization Restructuring payments and utilization: Global Rightsizing ) ) ) Cost Optimization ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ________ 
 (a) Includes expenses primarily related to the disposition of vehicles. 
 
 Americas International Total Balance as of January 1, 2024 Restructuring expense: Global Rightsizing Cost Optimization Restructuring payments and utilization: Global Rightsizing ) ) ) Cost Optimization ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

14 

4. 
 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding Non-vested stock (a) 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 ________ 
 (a) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and an amount of non-vested stock awards, respectively, would have had an anti-dilutive effect and therefore were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, million and million non-vested stock awards, respectively, would have had an anti-dilutive effect and therefore were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 

5. 
 
 Prepaid expenses Other Other current assets 

6. 
 
 Customer relationships Other Total Unamortized Intangible Assets Goodwill Trademarks 
 
 15 

million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense related to amortizable intangible assets was approximat el y million and million, respectively. 
 
 Based on our amortizable intangible assets at September 30, 2024, we expect amortization expense of approximately million for the remainder of 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, million for 2027, million for 2028 and million for 2029, excluding effects of currency exchange rates. 

7. 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Vehicles held for sale Vehicles, net investment in lease (a) 
 Vehicles, net 
 ________ 
 (a) See Note 14 Related Party Transactions. 
 
 The components of vehicle depreciation and lease charges, net are summarized below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation expense Lease charges (Gain) loss on sale of vehicles, net ) ) Vehicle depreciation and lease charges, net 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had payables related to vehicle purchases included in liabilities under vehicle programs - other of million and million, respectively, and receivables related to vehicle sales included in assets under vehicle programs - receivables from vehicle manufacturers and other of million and million, respectively. 

8. 
 
 . Such rate differed from the Federal Statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to foreign taxes and U.S. taxes on our International operations. 
 
 Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was a provision of . Such rate differed from the Federal Statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to foreign taxes on our International operations and state taxes, partially offset by the effect of certain tax credits and favorable adjustments related to stock-based compensation. 
 
 The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD published a proposal for the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15 (the Pillar Two rule ), effective for fiscal 2024. We are closely monitoring developments of the Pillar Two rule as the OECD continues to refine its technical guidance and member states implement tax laws and regulations based on Pillar Two proposals. Based on our preliminary analysis, we do not expect Pillar Two to have a material impact on our financial statements for 2024. 
 16 

9. 
 
 Accounts payable Accrued sales and use taxes Accrued advertising and marketing Deferred lease revenues - current Public liability and property damage insurance liabilities current Accrued payroll and related Other Accounts payable and other current liabilities 

10. 
 
 euro-denominated Senior Notes 
 January 2026 Senior Notes 
 July 2027 Senior Notes 
 April 2028 euro-denominated Senior Notes 
 February 2029 Senior Notes 
 March 2029 Senior Notes 
 January 2030 euro-denominated Senior Notes 
 July 2030 Senior Notes 
 February 2031 Floating Rate Term Loan (a) 
 August 2027 Floating Rate Term Loan (b) 
 March 2029 Other (c) 
 Deferred financing fees ) ) Total Less: Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 ________ 
 (a) The floating rate term loan is part of our senior revolving credit facility, which is secured by pledges of capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries, and liens on substantially all of our intellectual property and certain other real and personal property. As of September 30, 2024, the floating rate term loan due 2027 bears interest at one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus , for an aggregate rate of . We have entered into a swap to hedge million of interest rate exposure related to the floating rate term loan at an aggregate rate of . 
 (b) The floating rate term loan is part of our senior revolving credit facility, which is secured by pledges of capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries, and liens on substantially all of our intellectual property and certain other real and personal property. As of September 30, 2024, the floating rate term loan due 2029 bears interest at one-month SOFR plus , for an aggregate rate of . In October 2024, the floating rate term loan due 2029 was fully repaid. See Note 18 Subsequent Events. 
 (c) Primarily includes finance leases, which are secured by liens on the related assets. 
 
 17 

million of euro-denominated Senior Notes due February 2029, at par, with interest payable semi-annually. In April 2024, we used the net proceeds from the offering to redeem all of our outstanding euro-denominated Senior Notes due January 2026 plus accrued interest, with the remainder being used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In May 2024, we issued an additional million of euro-denominated Senior notes due July 2030, at of their face value, with interest payable semi-annually. 
 
 In September 2024, we issued million of Senior Notes due January 2030, at par, with interest payable semi-annually. Net proceeds from the offering will be used to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under our floating rate term loan due 2029, with the remainder being used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Committed Credit Facilities and Available Funding Arrangements 

________ 
 (a) The senior revolving credit facility bears interest at one-month SOFR plus and is part of our senior credit facilities, which include the floating rate term loan and the senior revolving credit facility, and which are secured by pledges of capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries, liens on substantially all of our intellectual property and certain other real and personal property. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had other uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities SBLC facilities with an additional letter of credit capacity of up to million. As of September 30, 2024, letters of credit totaling million have been issued on our SBLC facilities. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants, including restrictions on dividends paid to us by certain of our subsidiaries, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and/or liens by us and certain of our subsidiaries, acquisitions, mergers, liquidations, and sale and leaseback transactions. Our senior credit facility also contains a maximum leverage ratio requirement. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the financial covenants governing our indebtedness. 
 
 18 

11. 
 
 Americas - Debt borrowings (b) 
 International - Debt borrowings (c) 
 International - Finance leases Other Deferred financing fees (d) 
 ) ) Total 
 ________ 
 (a) Includes approximately million and million of Class R notes as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which are held by us. 
 (b) Includes our Repurchase Facility. 
 (c) In February 2024, we amended our European rental fleet securitization program to increase its capacity to approximately billion and extend the maturity of the program to September 2026. We also added million to our capacity within the program. 
 (d) Deferred financing fees related to Debt due to Avis Budget Rental Car Funding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 February 2024 April 2026 February 2024 October 2026 February 2024 April 2028 March 2024 October 2027 March 2024 December 2029 
 
 In September 2024, we entered into a repurchase agreement (the Repurchase Facility ), whereby we may sell our Class D notes issued by Avis Budget Rental Car Funding to the Repurchase Facility counterparty and repurchase such notes. Transactions under the Repurchase Facility have a -day tenor. As of September 30, 2024, million was outstanding under the Repurchase Facility, which bears interest at a rate of . As of September 30, 2024, we had million of securities pledged as collateral for the Repurchase Facility, included within investment in Avis Budget Rental Car Funding (AESOP) LLC related party on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 19 

Between 1 and 2 years (c) 
 Between 2 and 3 years (d) 
 Between 3 and 4 years (e) 
 Between 4 and 5 years 
 Thereafter Total ________ 
 (a) Vehicle-backed debt primarily represents asset-backed securities. 
 (b) Includes billion of bank and bank-sponsored facilities. 
 (c) Includes billion of bank and bank-sponsored facilities. 
 (d) Includes billion of bank and bank-sponsored facilities. 
 (e) Includes billion of bank and bank-sponsored facilities. 
 
 Americas - Debt borrowings International - Debt borrowings International - Finance leases Other Total 
 ________ 
 (a) Capacity is subject to maintaining sufficient assets to collateralize debt. The total capacity for Americas - Debt due to Avis Budget Rental Car Funding includes increases from amendments and restatements of our asset-backed variable-funding financing facilities, which were most recently amended and restated in April 2024. 
 (b) The outstanding debt is collateralized by vehicles and related assets of billion for Americas - Debt due to Avis Budget Rental Car Funding; billion for Americas - Debt borrowings; billion for International - Debt borrowings; and billion for International - Finance leases. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 The agreements under our vehicle-backed funding programs contain restrictive covenants, including restrictions on dividends paid to us by certain of our subsidiaries and restrictions on indebtedness, mergers, liens, liquidations, and sale and leaseback transactions and in some cases also require compliance with certain financial requirements. As of September 30, 2024, we are not aware of any instances of non-compliance with any of the financial or restrictive covenants contained in the debt agreements under our vehicle-backed funding programs. 
 
 20 

12. 
 
 , and Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, Inc. and Travel + Leisure Co. have assumed of the potential tax liability in this matter, respectively. We filed a petition for rehearing, which was denied in April 2024, and the tax assessment is expected to become payable, even if judicial relief is sought. 
 
 We are also named in litigation that is primarily related to the businesses of our former subsidiaries, including Realogy and Wyndham. We are entitled to indemnification from such entities for any liability resulting from such litigation. 
 
 In September 2014, Dawn Valli et al. v. Avis Budget Group Inc., et al. was filed in U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. The plaintiffs seek to represent a purported nationwide class of certain renters of vehicles from our Avis and Budget subsidiaries from September 30, 2008 through the present. The plaintiffs seek damages in connection with claims relating to alleged misrepresentations and omissions concerning charging customers for traffic infractions and related administrative fees. On October 10, 2023, plaintiffs motion for class certification was denied as to their proposed nationwide class and granted as to a subclass, created at the Court s discretion, of Avis Preferred and Budget Fastbreak members. We have been named as a defendant in other purported consumer class action lawsuits, including class actions filed against us in New Jersey, seeking damages in connection with a breach of contract claim and another related to ancillary charges at our Payless subsidiary. However, the Company intends to vigorously defend them. 
 
 We are currently involved, and in the future may be involved, in claims and/or legal proceedings, including class actions, and governmental inquiries that are incidental to our vehicle rental and car sharing operations, including, among others, contract and licensee disputes, competition matters, employment and wage-and-hour claims, insurance and liability claims, intellectual property claims, business practice disputes and other regulatory, environmental, commercial and tax matters. 
 
 We are a defendant in a number of legal proceedings for personal injury arising from the operation of our vehicles. In June 2023, of our subsidiaries were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in Dallas, Texas alleging that one of our employees caused the death of an individual with one of our vehicles: Peggy Dawson Edwards, Individually and as Anticipated Representative of the Estate of Michael Edwards, Sr., et. al. v. Avis Budget Car Rental, LLC; PV Holding Corp.; and Kevin Barnes, Cause No. CC-23-03188-E, pending in County Court at Law No. 5 for Dallas County, Texas. The complaint alleges that our subsidiaries are responsible for Mr. Edwards death and seeks compensatory and punitive damages in an unspecified amount exceeding million. The court has set a trial date in May 2025 for this lawsuit. Given the early stages of the legal proceedings, it is not possible to predict the outcome of the claim. However, the Company intends to vigorously defend it. 
 
 21 

million in excess of amounts accrued as of September 30, 2024. We do not believe that the impact should result in a material liability to us in relation to our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Commitments to Purchase Vehicles 
 
 We maintain agreements with vehicle manufacturers under which we have agreed to purchase approximate ly billion of vehicles from manufacturers over the next months, a billion decrease compared to December 31, 2023, financed primarily through the issuance of vehicle-backed debt and cash received upon the disposition of vehicles. Certain of these commitments are subject to the vehicle manufacturers satisfying their obligations under their respective repurchase and guaranteed depreciation agreements. 
 
 Concentrations 
 
 Concentrations of credit risk as of September 30, 2024 include (i) risks related to our repurchase and guaranteed depreciation agreements with domestic and foreign car manufacturers and primarily with respect to receivables for program cars that have been disposed but for which we have not yet received payment from the manufacturers and (ii) risks related to Realogy and Wyndham, including receivables of million and million, re sp ectively, related to certain contingent, income tax and other corporate liabilities assumed by Realogy and Wyndham in connection with their disposition. 

13. 
 
 billion of our common stock under a plan originally approved in 2013 and subsequently expanded, most recently in February 2023 (the Stock Repurchase Program ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased approximately million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately million (excluding excise taxes due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) under the Stock Repurchase Program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , we repurchased approximately million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately million (excluding excise taxes due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) under the Stock Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2024, approximately million of authorization remained available to repurchase common stock under the Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 Common stock repurchases under the Stock Repurchase Program do not include shares withheld to satisfy employees income tax liabilities attributable to the vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 
 
 Total Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income (loss) and other gains and losses affecting stockholders equity that, under GAAP, are excluded from net income (loss). 
 
 22 

Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): Currency translation adjustments (net of tax of , ), and ), respectively) (a) 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges (net of tax of , ), and ), respectively) 
 ) ) Minimum pension liability adjustment (net of tax of ), ), ), and ), respectively) 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 
 ________ 
 (a) Currency translation adjustments exclude income taxes related to indefinite investments in foreign subsidiaries. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 ________ 
 All components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are net of tax, except currency translation adjustments, which exclude income taxes related to indefinite investments in foreign subsidiaries and include million gain, net of tax, as of September 30, 2024 related to our hedge of our investment in euro-denominated foreign operations (see Note 16 Financial Instruments). 
 (a) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into corporate interest expense were gains of million million, net of tax) and gains of million million, net of tax), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into corporate interest expense were gains of million million, net of tax) and gains of million million, net of tax), respectively. 
 (b) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into selling, general and administrative expenses were losses of million million, net of tax) in each period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into selling, general and administrative expenses were losses of million million, net of tax) in each period. 
 23 

14. 
 
 million. SRS Mobility Ventures, LLC is an affiliate of our largest shareholder, SRS Investment Management, LLC. 
 
 On September 1, 2022, through the issuance of Class B Preferred Voting Membership Interests, SRS Mobility Ventures, LLC increased their ownership in this subsidiary to at fair value of million. In accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-40, we must deconsolidate a subsidiary as of the date we cease to have a controlling interest in that subsidiary and recognize the gain or loss in net income at that time. The fair value of our retained investment was determined utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology based on various assumptions, including projections of future cash flows, which include forecast of future revenue and EBITDA. As a result, we deconsolidated our former subsidiary, Avis Mobility Ventures LLC AMV ), from our financial statements and began to report our proportional share of the former subsidiary s income or loss within other (income) expense, net in our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income as we do not have the ability to direct the significant activities of the former subsidiary and are therefore no longer primary beneficiary of the VIE. Upon deconsolidation, our former subsidiary had a net asset carrying amount of million resulting in a gain of million. In August and October 2023, SRS Mobility Ventures, LLC made capital contributions to AMV, increasing their ownership to approximately . In June 2024, SRS Mobility Ventures, LLC made a capital contribution of approximately million to AMV, and we simultaneously settled approximately million in receivables from AMV related to services we provided. SRS Mobility Ventures, LLC s ownership percentage remained at approximately following these transactions. 
 
 Equity method investment in AMV (b) 
 Vehicles, net investment in lease with AMV (c) 
 
 ________ 
 (a) Included within other current assets. 
 (b) Included within other non-current assets. 
 (c) Included within vehicles, net. See Note 7 Vehicle Rental Activities. 
 
 The components of other (income) expense, net are summarized below: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Income) expense for services to AMV, net ) ) ) (Income) loss on equity method investment in AMV, net Other (income) expense, net 
 
 24 

15. 
 
 million million, net of tax) and million million, net of tax) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recorded stock-based compensation expense of million million, net of tax) and million million, net of tax) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 As part of our declaration and payment of a special cash dividend in December 2023, we granted additional restricted stock units RSUs to our award holders with unvested shares as a dividend equivalent, which has been deferred until, and will not be paid unless, the shares of stock underlying the award vest. 
 
 Granted (a) 
 Vested (b) 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 (c) 
 Performance-based RSUs Outstanding at January 1, 2024 Granted (a) 
 Vested (b) 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Outstanding and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 (c) 
 
 ________ 
 (a) Reflects the maximum number of stock units assuming achievement of all performance- and time-vesting criteria and does not include those for non-employee directors. The weighted-average fair value of time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 w as and , respectively . 
 (b) The total fair value of RSUs vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 (c) Aggregate unrecognized compensation expense related to time-based and performance-based RSUs amoun ted to million and will be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years . 
 
 25 

16. 
 
 million of gain curr ently recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be recognized in earnings over the next 12 months. 
 
 Commodity Risk. We periodically enter into derivative commodity contracts to manage our exposure to chan ges in the price of fuel. These instruments were designated as freestanding derivatives and the changes in fair value are recorded in earnings and are presented in the same line of the income statement expected for the hedged item. 
 
 Interest rate caps (a) 
 Interest rate swaps 
 ________ 
 (a) Repres ents billion of interest rate caps sold, partially offset by approximately billion of interest rate caps purchased. These amounts exclude billion of interest rate caps purchased by our Avis Budget Rental Car Funding subsidiary as it is not consolidated by us . 
 
 26 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign exchange contracts (b) 
 Interest rate caps (c) 
 Total 
 ________ 
 Amounts in this table exclude derivatives issued by Avis Budget Rental Car Funding, as it is not consolidated by us; however, certain amounts related to the deriv atives held by Avis Budget Rental Car Funding are included within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), as discussed in Note 13 Stockholders' Equity. 
 (a) Included in other non-current assets or other non-current liabilities. 
 (b) Included in other current assets or other current liabilities. 
 (c) Included in assets under vehicle programs or liabilities under vehicle programs. 
 
 The effects of derivatives recognized in our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements are as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (a) 
 Interest rate swaps (b) 
 ) ) Euro-denominated notes (c) 
 ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (d) 
 Foreign exchange contracts (e) 
 ) ) ) Interest rate caps (f) 
 ) Total ) ) 
 ________ 
 (a) Recognized, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within stockholders equity. 
 (b) Classified as a net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Refer to Note 13 Stockholders' Equity for amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings. 
 (c) Classified as a net investment hedge within currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 (d) Gains (losses) related to derivative instruments are expected to be largely offset by (losses) gains on the underlying exposures being hedged. 
 (e) Included in interest expense. 
 (f) Primarily included in vehicle interest, net. 
 27 

Long-term debt Debt under vehicle programs Vehicle-backed debt due to Avis Budget Rental Car Funding Vehicle-backed debt Interest rate swaps and interest rate caps (a) 
 
 ________ 
 (a) Derivatives in a liability position. 

17. 
 
 million related to class action lawsuits and personal injury matters; non-operational charges related to shareholder activist activity, which includes third-party advisory, legal and other professional fees; COVID-19 charges, net; cloud computing costs; other (income) expense, net; and income taxes. 
 
 28 

International Corporate and Other (a) 
 ) ) Total Company Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Income before income taxes: 2024 2023 Adjusted EBITDA Less: Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense Early extinguishment of debt Restructuring and other related charges Transaction-related costs, net Other (income) expense, net (b) 
 Reported within operating expenses: Cloud computing costs Income before income taxes 
 __________ 
 (a) Includes unallocated corporate overhead which is not attributable to a particular segment. 
 (b) Primarily consists of gains or losses related to our equity investment in a former subsidiary, offset by fleet related and certain administrative services provided to the same former subsidiary. 
 
 29 

International Corporate and Other (a) 
 ) ) Total Company Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Income before income taxes: 2024 2023 Adjusted EBITDA Less: Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense Early extinguishment of debt Restructuring and other related charges Transaction-related costs, net Other (income) expense, net (b) 
 Reported within operating expenses: Cloud computing costs Legal matters, net Income before income taxes 
 ________ 
 (a) Includes unallocated corporate overhead which is not attributable to a particular segment. 
 (b) Primarily consists of gains or losses related to our equity investment in a former subsidiary, offset by fleet related and certain administrative services provided to the same former subsidiary. 
 
 Since December 31, 2023, there have been no significant changes in segment assets exclusive of assets under vehicle programs. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, International s segment assets under vehicle programs were approximately billion and billion, respectively. This increase in assets under vehicle programs is directly correlated to the size and cost of our vehicle fleet. 

18. 
 
 million plus accrued interest. 
 
 In October 2024, we repurchased approximately thousand shares of common stock at a cost of approximately million under the Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 In November 2024, we reduced the capacity under our asset-backed variable-funding financing facilities by million. 

30 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our 2023 Form 10-K. Our actual results of operations may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in Forward-Looking Statements. See Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for additional information. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts in tables are in millions. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Company 
 
 We operate three of the most globally recognized brands in mobility solutions, Avis, Budget and Zipcar, together with several other brands well recognized in their respective markets. We are a leading vehicle rental operator in North America, Europe, Australasia and certain other regions we serve, with an average rental fleet of approximately 736,000 vehicles in third quarter 2024. We also license the use of our trademarks to licensees in the areas in which we do not operate directly. We and our licensees operate our brands in approximately 180 countries throughout the world. 
 
 Our Segments 
 
 We categorize our operations into two reportable business segments: Americas , consisting primarily of (i) vehicle rental operations in North America, South America, Central America and the Caribbean, (ii) car sharing operations in certain of these markets, and (iii) licensees in certain areas in which we do not operate directly; and International , consisting primarily of (i) vehicle rental operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and Australasia, (ii) car sharing operations in certain of these markets, and (iii) licensees in certain areas in which we do not operate directly. 
 
 Business and Trends 
 
 Our strategy continues to primarily focus on customer experience and costs to strengthen our Company, maximize profitability, and deliver stakeholder value. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we generated revenues of 3.5 billion, net income of 238 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 503 million. These results were primarily driven by consistent year-over-year volume, decreased revenue per day, and increased fleet and interest costs. 
 
 We continue to be susceptible to a number of industry-specific and global macroeconomic factors that may cause our actual results of operations to differ from our historical results of operations or current expectations. The factors and trends that we currently believe are or will be most impactful to our results of operations and financial condition include the following: interest rates, inflationary impact on items such as commodity prices and wages, cost of new vehicles, used car values, and an economic downturn that may impact travel demand, all of which may be exacerbated by the ongoing military conflicts in the Middle East and Eastern Europe. We continue to monitor the potential favorable or unfavorable impacts of these and other factors on our business, operations, financial condition, and future results of operations. 
 
 31 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 We measure performance principally using the following key metrics: (i) rental days, which represent the total number of days (or portion thereof) a vehicle was rented, (ii) revenue per day, which represents revenues divided by rental days, (iii) vehicle utilization, which represents rental days divided by available rental days, with available rental days being defined as average rental fleet times the number of days in the period, and (iv) per-unit fleet costs, which represent vehicle depreciation, lease charges and gain or loss on vehicle sales, divided by average rental fleet. Our rental days, revenue per day and vehicle utilization metrics are all calculated based on the actual rental of the vehicle during a 24-hour period. We believe that this methodology provides management with the most relevant metrics in order to effectively manage the performance of the business. Our calculation may not be comparable to the calculation of similarly titled metrics by other companies. We present currency exchange rate effects to provide a method of assessing how our business performed excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Currency exchange rate effects are calculated by translating the current period results at the prior period average exchange rate plus any related gains and losses on currency hedges. 
 
 We assess performance and allocate resources based upon the separate financial information of our operating segments. In identifying our reportable segments, we also consider the nature of services provided by our operating segments, the geographical areas in which our segments operate and other relevant factors. Management evaluates the operating results of each of our reportable segments based upon revenues and Adjusted EBITDA, which we define as income (loss) from continuing operations before non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization; any impairment charges; restructuring and other related charges; early extinguishment of debt costs; non-vehicle related interest; transaction-related costs, net; legal matters, which includes amounts recorded in excess of 5 million related to class action lawsuits and personal injury matters; non-operational charges related to shareholder activist activity, which includes third-party advisory, legal and other professional fees; COVID-19 charges, net; cloud computing costs; other (income) expense, net; and income taxes. 
 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful as a supplemental measure in evaluating the performance of our operating businesses and in comparing our results from period to period. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors because it allows them to assess our results of operations and financial condition on the same basis that management uses internally. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other income statement data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Our revenues totaled 9.1 billion, a decrease of 165 million year-over-year, primarily due to decreased revenue per day, partially offset by an increase in volume. 
 Our net income was 137 million, representing a decrease of 1.2 billion year-over-year, primarily due to increased fleet and interest costs. 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA was 729 million, representing a decrease of 1.5 billion year-over-year. 

32 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Our consolidated condensed results of operations comprised of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues 3,480 3,564 (84) (2 Expenses Operating 1,575 1,543 32 2 Vehicle depreciation and lease charges, net 806 517 289 56 Selling, general and administrative 367 397 (30) (8 Vehicle interest, net 241 208 33 16 Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization 58 55 3 5 Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense 95 80 15 19 Early extinguishment of debt 1 (1) n/m Restructuring and other related charges 6 2 4 n/m Transaction-related costs, net 3 (3) n/m Other (income) expense, net 3 1 2 n/m Total expenses 3,151 2,807 344 12 Income before income taxes 329 757 (428) (57 Provision for income taxes 91 130 (39) (30 Net income 238 627 (389) (62 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 1 1 n/m Net income attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 237 626 (389) (62 
 ___________ 
 n/m - Not Meaningful 
 
 Revenues decreased 84 million, or 2 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to a 2 decrease in revenue per day, excluding exchange rate effects, partially offset by a 6 million positive impact from currency exchange rate movements. Total expenses increased 12 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased fleet and interest costs. Our effective tax rates were a provision of 27.7 and 17.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As a result of these items, our net income decreased by 389 million compared to the similar period in 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we reported earnings per diluted share of 6.65 and 16.78, respectively. 
 
 Operating expenses increased to 45.2 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 43.3 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in fleet costs. Vehicle depreciation and lease charges increased to 23.2 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.5 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased per unit fleet costs, excluding exchange rate effects, driven by increased depreciation rates and a decrease in the gain on sale of vehicles. Selling, general and administrative costs decreased to 10.5 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.1 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to decreased commissions and other selling, general and administrative costs. Vehicle interest costs increased to 6.9 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.8 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to rising interest rates. 
 
 33 

Following is a more detailed discussion of the results of each of our reportable segments and reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues Adjusted EBITDA Revenues Adjusted EBITDA Americas 2,640 384 2,736 740 International 840 139 828 196 Corporate and Other (a) 
 (20) (29) Total Company 3,480 503 3,564 907 Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA: 2024 2023 Net income 238 627 Provision for income taxes 91 130 Income before income taxes 329 757 Add: Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization 58 55 Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense 95 80 Early extinguishment of debt 1 Restructuring and other related charges 6 2 Transaction-related costs, net 3 Other (income) expense, net (b) 
 3 1 Reported within operating expenses: Cloud computing costs 12 8 Adjusted EBITDA 503 907 
 __________ 
 (a) Includes unallocated corporate overhead which is not attributable to a particular segment. 
 (b) Primarily consists of gains or losses related to our equity investment in a former subsidiary, offset by fleet related and certain administrative services provided to the same former subsidiary. 
 
 34 

Americas 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenues 2,640 2,736 (4 Adjusted EBITDA 384 740 (48 
 
 Revenues decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to a 2 decrease in volume, a 1 decrease in revenue per day and a 4 million negative impact from currency exchange rate movements. 
 
 Operating expenses increased to 45.9 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 44.1 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in fleet costs. Vehicle depreciation and lease charges increased to 23.2 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.2 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased per-unit fleet costs, driven by increased depreciation rates and a decrease in the gain on sale of vehicles. Selling, general and administrative costs decreased to 9.0 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.3 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to decreased commissions and other selling, general and administrative costs. Vehicle interest costs increased to 7.5 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.4 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to rising interest rates. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to higher per-unit fleet and interest costs. 
 
 International 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenues 840 828 1 Adjusted EBITDA 139 196 (29 
 Revenues increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to a 5 increase in volume and a 10 million positive impact from currency exchange rate movements, partially offset by a 5 decrease in revenue per day, excluding exchange rate effects. 
 
 Operating expenses increased to 41.4 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 39.4 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in volume. Vehicle depreciation and lease charges increased to 23.1 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 18.7 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased per-unit fleet costs, excluding exchange rate effects, driven by increased fleet levels, increased depreciation rates, and a decrease in the gain on sale of vehicles. Selling, general and administrative costs decreased to 13.8 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.2 during the similar period in 2023 primarily due to decreased other selling, general and administrative costs. Vehicle interest costs increased to 5.2 of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4.1 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to rising interest rates. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to higher per-unit fleet and interest costs and a 3 million negative impact from currency exchange rate movements. 
 35 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Our consolidated condensed results of operations comprised of the following: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues 9,079 9,244 (165) (2 Expenses Operating 4,451 4,325 126 3 Vehicle depreciation and lease charges, net 2,175 1,157 1,018 88 Selling, general and administrative 1,040 1,099 (59) (5 Vehicle interest, net 724 513 211 41 Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization 177 163 14 9 Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense 266 221 45 20 Early extinguishment of debt 1 1 n/m Restructuring and other related charges 23 7 16 n/m Transaction-related costs, net 2 3 (1) n/m Other (income) expense, net 6 3 3 n/m Total expenses 8,865 7,492 1,373 18 Income before income taxes 214 1,752 (1,538) (88 Provision for income taxes 74 377 (303) (80 Net income 140 1,375 (1,235) (90 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 3 2 1 n/m Net income attributable to Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 137 1,373 (1,236) (90 
 ________ 
 n/m - Not Meaningful 
 
 Revenues decreased 165 million or 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to a 4 decrease in revenue per day, excluding exchange rate effects, and a 4 million negative impact from currency exchange rate movements, partially offset by a 2 increase in volume. Total expenses increased 18 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased fleet and interest costs. Our effective tax rates were a provision of 34.6 and 21.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As a result of these items, our net income decreased by 1.2 billion compared to the similar period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we reported earnings per diluted share of 3.84 and 34.71, respectively. 
 
 Operating expenses increased to 49.0 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 46.8 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in volume. Vehicle depreciation and lease charges increased to 24.0 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 12.5 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased per unit fleet costs, excluding exchange rate effects, driven by increased fleet levels, increased depreciation rates, and a decrease in the gain on sale of vehicles. Selling, general and administrative costs decreased to 11.5 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.9 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to decreased marketing costs and other selling, general and administrative costs. Vehicle interest costs increased to 8.0 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.5 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to rising interest rates. 
 
 36 

Following is a more detailed discussion of the results of each of our reportable segments and reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues Adjusted EBITDA Revenues Adjusted EBITDA Americas 6,994 614 7,180 1,887 International 2,085 172 2,064 372 Corporate and Other (a) 
 (57) (80) Total Company 9,079 729 9,244 2,179 Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA: 2024 2023 Net income 140 1,375 Provision for income taxes 74 377 Income before income taxes 214 1,752 Add: Non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization 177 163 Interest expense related to corporate debt, net: Interest expense 266 221 Early extinguishment of debt 1 1 Restructuring and other related charges 23 7 Transaction-related costs, net 2 3 Other (income) expense, net (b) 
 6 3 Reported within operating expenses: Cloud computing costs 33 24 Legal matters, net 7 5 Adjusted EBITDA 729 2,179 
 ________ 
 (a) Includes unallocated corporate overhead which is not attributable to a particular segment. 
 (b) Primarily consists of gains or losses related to our equity investment in a former subsidiary, offset by fleet related and certain administrative services provided to the same former subsidiary. 
 
 Americas 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenues 6,994 7,180 (3 Adjusted EBITDA 614 1,887 (67 
 
 Revenues decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to a 3 decrease in revenue per day and a 6 million negative impact from currency exchange rate movements, partially offset by a 1 increase in volume. 
 
 Operating expenses increased to 49.3 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 47.1 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in volume. Vehicle depreciation and lease charges increased to 23.7 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.0 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased per-unit fleet costs, driven by increased fleet levels, increased depreciation rates, and a decrease in the gain on sale of vehicles. Selling, general and administrative costs were approximately 9.5 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.7 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to decreased marketing costs and other selling, general and administrative costs. Vehicle interest costs increased to 8.7 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.0 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to rising interest rates. 
 37 

Adjusted EBITDA decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to higher per-unit fleet and interest costs, and approximately 2 million negative impact from currency exchange rate movements. 
 
 International 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenues 2,085 2,064 1 Adjusted EBITDA 172 372 (54 
 Revenues increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to a 5 increase in volume, a 2 million positive impact from currency exchange rate movements, partially offset by a 4 decrease in revenue per day, excluding exchange rate effects. 
 Operating expenses increased to 46.4 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 44.8 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in volume. Vehicle depreciation and lease charges increased to 24.8 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.7 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to increased per-unit fleet costs, excluding exchange rate effects, driven by increased fleet levels, increased depreciation rates, and a decrease in the gain on sale of vehicles. Selling, general and administrative costs were approximately 15.5 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 15.6 during the similar period in 2023. Vehicle interest costs increased to 5.6 of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 3.9 during the similar period in 2023, primarily due to rising interest rates. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the similar period in 2023, primarily due to higher per-unit fleet and interest costs, and approximately 11 million negative impact from currency exchange rate movements. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We present separately the financial data of our vehicle programs. These programs are distinct from our other activities as the assets under vehicle programs are generally funded through the issuance of debt that is collateralized by such assets. The income generated by these assets is used, in part, to repay the principal and interest associated with the debt. Cash inflows and outflows relating to the generation or acquisition of such assets and the principal debt repayment or financing of such assets are classified as activities of our vehicle programs. We believe it is appropriate to segregate the financial data of our vehicle programs because, ultimately, the source of repayment of such debt is the realization of such assets. 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Total assets exclusive of assets under vehicle programs 9,647 9,590 57 Total liabilities exclusive of liabilities under vehicle programs 11,651 10,095 1,556 Assets under vehicle programs 23,102 22,979 123 Liabilities under vehicle programs 21,327 22,817 (1,490) Total stockholders equity (229) (343) 114 
 
 The increase in liabilities exclusive of liabilities under vehicle programs is primarily due to the increase in corporate indebtedness from the issuance of senior notes. See Liquidity and Capital Resources, and Note 10 Long-term Corporate Debt and Borrowing Arrangements to our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 The decrease in liabilities under vehicle programs is primarily due to the repayment of debt. 
 
 38 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash on hand and our ability to generate cash through operations and financing activities, as well as available funding arrangements and committed credit facilities, each of which is discussed below. 
 
 In February 2024, we issued 600 million of 7.000 euro-denominated Senior Notes due February 2029, at par, with interest payable semi-annually. In April 2024, we used net proceeds from the offering to redeem all of our outstanding 4.750 euro-denominated Senior Notes due January 2026 plus accrued interest, with the remainder being used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In May 2024, we issued an additional 200 million 7.250 euro-denominated Senior Notes due July 2030, at 100.25 of their face value, with interest payable semi-annually. Net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In September 2024, we issued 700 million of 8.250 Senior Notes due January 2030, at par, with interest payable semi-annually. In October 2024, we used net proceeds from the offering to repay the outstanding borrowings under our floating rate term loan due 2029, with the remainder being used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 During 2024, our Avis Budget Rental Car Funding (AESOP) subsidiary issued approximately 2.4 billion of asset-backed notes with expected final payment dates ranging from April 2026 to December 2029, and a weighted average interest rate of 5.46 . In March and April 2024, AESOP amended and restated its asset-backed variable-funding financing facilities. The proceeds from these borrowings will be used to repay maturing vehicle-backed debt and the acquisition of rental cars in the United States. In February 2024, we amended our European rental fleet securitization program to increase its capacity to approximately 1.9 billion and extend its maturity to September 2026. We also added 200 million to our capacity under the program. The program is used to finance fleet purchases for certain of our European operations. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to approximately 8.1 billion of our common stock under a plan originally approved in 2013 and subsequently expanded, most recently in February 2023 . Our stock repurchases may occur through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The amount and timing of specific repurchases are subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, restricted payment capacity under our debt instruments and other factors. The Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The Stock Repurchase Program has no set expiration or termination date. D uring the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased approximately 0.1 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately 8 million (excluding excise taxes due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) under the Stock Repurchase Program . As of September 30, 2024, approximately 794 million of authorization remained available to repurchase common stock under the Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 CASH FLOWS 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,746 3,035 (289) Investing activities (2,696) (6,930) 4,234 Financing activities (43) 3,978 (4,021) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash (2) (4) 2 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash 5 79 (74) Cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash, beginning of period 644 642 2 Cash and cash equivalents, program and restricted cash, end of period 649 721 (72) 
 
 39 

The decrease in cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the similar period in 2023 is primarily due to the decrease in our net income. 
 
 The decrease in cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the similar period in 2023 is primarily due to the decrease in our investment in vehicles. 
 
 The decrease in cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the similar period in 2023 is primarily due to the increase in our payments under vehicle programs, partially offset by the increase in our net corporate borrowings. 

DEBT AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had approximately 23.9 billion of indebtedness, including corporate indebtedness of approximately 6.0 billion and debt under vehicle programs of approximately 17.9 billion. For information regarding our debt and borrowing arrangements, see Notes 1, 10 and 11 to our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
 Our primary liquidity needs include the procurement of rental vehicles to be used in our operations, servicing of corporate and vehicle-related debt and the payment of operating expenses. The present intention of management is to reinvest the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely into our foreign operations. Our primary sources of funding are operating revenue, cash received upon the sale of vehicles, borrowings under our vehicle-backed borrowing arrangements and our senior revolving credit facility, and other financing activities. 
 
 Our liquidity has in the past been, and could in the future be, negatively affected by any financial market disruptions or a worsening of the United States and worldwide economies, or by increases in interest rates, which may result in unfavorable conditions in the mobility industry, in the asset-backed financing market and in the credit markets generally. We believe these factors have affected and could further affect the debt ratings assigned to us by credit rating agencies and the cost of our borrowings. Additionally, a worsening or prolonged downturn in the worldwide economy or a disruption in the credit markets could further impact our liquidity due to (i) decreased demand and pricing for vehicles in the used-vehicle market, (ii) increased costs associated with, and/or reduced capacity or increased collateral needs under, our financings, (iii) the adverse impact of vehicle manufacturers being unable or unwilling to honor their obligations to repurchase or guarantee the depreciation on the related program vehicles and (iv) disruption in our ability to obtain financing due to negative credit events specific to us or affecting the overall debt market. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 602 million of available cash and cash equivalents and access to available borrowings under our revolving credit facility of approximately 536 million, providing us with access to approximately 1.1 billion of total liquidity. 
 
 Our liquidity position could also be negatively impacted if we are unable to remain in compliance with the consolidated first lien leverage ratio requirement and other covenants associated with our senior credit facilities and other borrowings. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the financial covenants governing our indebtedness. For additional information regarding our liquidity risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 Our future contractual obligations have not changed significantly from the amounts reported within our 2023 Form 10-K with the exception of our commitment to purchase vehicles, which decreased by approximately 2.9 billion from December 31, 2023, to approximately 3.9 billion as of September 30, 2024 due to existing fleet levels. Changes to our obligations related to corporate indebtedness and debt under vehicle programs are presented above within the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt and Financing Arrangements and also within Notes 10 and 11 to our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 40 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Accounting Policies 
 
 The results of the majority of our recurring operations are recorded in our financial statements using accounting policies that are not particularly subjective, nor complex. However, in presenting our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported therein. Several of the estimates and assumptions we are required to make relate to matters that are inherently uncertain as they relate to future events and/or events that are outside of our control. If there is a significant unfavorable change to current conditions, it could result in a material adverse impact to our consolidated results of operations, financial position and liquidity. We believe that the estimates and assumptions we used when preparing our financial statements were the most appropriate at that time. Presented within the section titled Critical Accounting Estimates of our 2023 Form 10-K are the accounting policies (related to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, vehicles, income taxes and public liability, property damage and other insurance liabilities) that we believe require subjective and complex judgments that could potentially affect reported results. There have been no significant changes to those accounting policies or our assessment of which accounting policies we would consider to be critical accounting policies. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 
 For detailed information regarding new accounting standards and their impact on our business, see Note 1 to our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and fuel prices. We assess our market risks based on changes in interest and currency exchange rates utilizing a sensitivity analysis that measures the potential impact on earnings, fair values and cash flows based on a hypothetical 10 change (increase and decrease) in interest and foreign currency exchange rates. We used September 30, 2024 market rates to perform a sensitivity analysis separately for each of these market risk exposures. We have determined, through such analyses, that the impact of a 10 change in interest or currency exchange rates on our results of operations, balance sheet and cash flows would not be material. Additionally, we have commodity price exposure related to fluctuations in the price of unleaded fuel. We anticipate that such commodity risk will remain a market risk exposure for the foreseeable future. We determined that a 10 change in the price of unleaded fuel would not have a material impact on our earnings for the period ended September 30, 2024. For additional information regarding our long-term borrowings and financial instruments, see Notes 10, 11 and 16 to our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. During the third quarter of 2024, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 41 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For information regarding our legal proceedings, see Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies t o our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements and refer to our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental provisions if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. In accordance with these regulations, we use a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required pursuant to this item. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we had no material developments to report with respect to our risk factors. For additional information regarding our risk factors, please refer to our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 (in millions) (a) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (in millions) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs in millions) July 2024 0.0 0.0 802 August 2024 0.0 0.0 802 September 2024 0.1 81.97 0.1 794 0.1 81.97 0.1 794 
 ___________ 
 (a) Excludes shares which were withheld by the Company to satisfy employees income tax liabilities attributable to the vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up t o approximately 8.1 billion of our common stock under a plan originally approved in 2013 and subsequently expanded, most recently in February 2023 . Under our Stock Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase shares from time to time in open market transactions, and may also repurchase shares in accelerated share repurchases, tender offers, privately negotiated transactions or by other means. Repurchases may also be made under a plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing and amount of repurchase transactions will be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions, the Company s share price, legal requirements, restricted payment capacity under its debt instruments and other factors. The Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended, modified or discontinued without prior notice. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , no director or Section 16 officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 See Exhibit Index. 
 42 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 AVIS BUDGET GROUP, INC. 
 Date: November 1, 2024 /s/ Cathleen DeGenova Cathleen DeGenova Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 43 

Exhibit Index 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2006). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avis Budget Group, Inc., dated as of August 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 13, 2020). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2024, by and among Avis Budget Car Rental, LLC and Avis Budget Finance, Inc., together as issuers, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 13, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13(a)-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13(a)-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a05-exhibit311xq3f24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Joseph A. Ferraro, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 
 s Joseph A. Ferraro President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a06-exhibit312xq3f24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Izilda P. Martins, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Avis Budget Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 
 s Izilda P. Martins Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 a07-exhibit32xq3f24.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Joseph A. Ferraro, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Izilda P. Martins, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s JOSEPH A. FERRARO Joseph A. Ferraro President and Chief Executive Officer November 1, 2024 s IZILDA P. MARTINS Izilda P. Martins Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 1, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 car-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 car-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 car-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 car-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 car-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

