<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_708955_0000708955-24-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22754447</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186246</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2235473</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12096014</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3693463</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3870783</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000708955-24-000063.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107145944
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000708955-24-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP /OH/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000708955
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				311042001
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34762
		FILM NUMBER:		241434838

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		255 EAST FIFTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8773229530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		255 EAST FIFTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000708955-24-000063.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ffbc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ffbc-20240930 
 
 Table of Content 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____________________ to ____________________ 
 
 Commission file number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The registrant has one class of common stock (no par value) with shares outstanding at November 6, 2024. 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. 
 
 INDEX 
 
 Page No. Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 - Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - Se ptember 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Three and N ine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 
 Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
 73 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 73 
 Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 73 
 Item 5 - Other Information 
 73 
 Item 6 - Exhibits 
 74 
 Signatures 
 75 

Table of Content 

 Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms 
 
 First Financial has identified the following list of abbreviations and acronyms that are used in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 ABL Asset backed lending Form 10-K First Financial Bancorp. Annual Report on Form 10-K ACL or Allowance Allowance for credit losses FRB Federal Reserve Bank AFS Available-for-sale FTE Fully tax equivalent Agile Agile Premium Finance GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income HTC Historic tax credit ASC Accounting standards codification HTM Held-to-maturity ASU Accounting standards update Insignificant Less than 0.1 million Bank First Financial Bank IRLC Interest rate lock commitment Basel III Basel Committee regulatory capital reforms, Third Basel Accord LGD Loss given default Bannockburn Bannockburn Global Forex LIHTC Low income housing tax credit Bp/bps Basis point(s) MD A Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 BOLI Bank owned life insurance MSFG MainSource Financial Group, Inc. CDs Certificates of deposit N/A Not applicable C I Commercial industrial NII Net interest income CRE Commercial real estate NMTC New market tax credit Company First Financial Bancorp. OREO Other real estate owned CFTF Contingency Funding Task Force 
 PAM Proportional amortization method DDA Demand deposit account PCA Prompt corrective action Dodd-Frank Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act PCD Purchased credit deteriorated ERM Enterprise risk management R S Reasonable and supportable EVE Economic value of equity ROU Right-of-use Fair Value Topic FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Summit Summit Funding Group, Inc. FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate FDM Financial difficulty modification Topic 842 FASB ASC Topic 842, Leasing FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank TDR Troubled debt restructuring FINRA Financial Industry Regulatory Authority USD United States dollars First Financial First Financial Bancorp. 

Table of Content 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM I - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with other banks Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Investment securities held-to-maturity (fair value at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Other investments Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans and leases Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total loans and leases Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans and leases Premises and equipment Operating leases Goodwill Other intangibles Accrued interest and other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing demand Savings Time Total interest-bearing deposits Noninterest-bearing Total deposits FHLB short-term borrowings Other short-term borrowings Total short-term borrowings Long-term debt Total borrowed funds Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity Common stock - no par value Authorized - shares; Issued - shares at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income Loans and leases, including fees Investment securities Taxable Tax-exempt Total interest on investment securities Other earning assets Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses - loans and leases Provision for (recapture of) credit losses - unfunded commitments ) ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts Wealth management fees Bankcard income Client derivative fees Foreign exchange income Leasing business income Net gain from sales of loans Net gain (loss) on investment securities ) ) ) ) Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy Furniture and equipment Data processing Marketing Communication Professional services State intangible tax FDIC assessments Intangible assets amortization Leasing business expense Other Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Net income Net earnings per common share - basic Net earnings per common share - diluted Average common shares outstanding - basic Average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities arising during the period ) ) Change in retirement obligation Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency exchange ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Third quarter 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Retained Accumulated other comprehensive Treasury stock Shares Amount Earnings income (loss) Shares Amount Total Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance at July 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Year-to-date 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Retained Accumulated other comprehensive Treasury stock Shares Amount Earnings income (loss) Shares Amount Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options, net of shares purchased ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Impact of cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting principles Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Pension expense (income) Net amortization (accretion) on investment securities Net (gain) loss on investment securities Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Net gains from sales of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Deferred income taxes Amortization of operating leases Payments for operating leases ) ) Decrease (increase) cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) Decrease (increase) in interest receivable ) ) (Decrease) increase in interest payable Decrease (increase) in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of securities available-for-sale Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sales of other investment securities Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of other securities Purchases of other investment securities ) ) Net decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits with other banks ) Net decrease (increase) in loans and leases ) ) Proceeds from disposal of other real estate owned Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net change in operating leases ) ) Net cash (paid for) acquired from acquisitions ) ) Life insurance death benefits Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net (decrease) increase in total deposits Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Cash and due from banks Change in cash and due from banks ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of period Cash and due from banks at end of period (continued on next page) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds Investment securities purchased not settled Supplemental schedule for investing activities Business combinations Assets acquired, net of purchase consideration ) Liabilities assumed Goodwill 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Content 

 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1: 

NOTE 2: 
 
 million as of January 1, 2024 for the cumulative effect of adopting this guidance. 
 
 Standards Adopted in 2023 
 
 In March, 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02 - Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. This standard eliminates the accounting guidance on TDRs for creditors in ASC 310-40 and amends the guidance on vintage disclosures to require disclosure of current period gross write-offs by year of origination. The ASU also updates the requirements related to accounting for credit losses under ASC 326 and adds enhanced disclosures for creditors with respect to loan refinancings and restructurings for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, for any entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The adoption of this standard resulted in amended disclosures in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, but did not materially impact the Company's results of operations. 
 
 8 

Table of Content 

9 

Table of Content 

 NOTE 3: 
 
 million of sales of AFS securities with gross realized gains of million and gross realized losses of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were million of sales of AFS securities with million gross realized gains and gross realized losses of million. Additionally in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, First Financial sold its remaining Class B Visa shares, which resulted in proceeds of million, with gross realized gains of million, which is included in Net gain (loss) on investment securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 there were million of sales of AFS securities with with gross realized gains or gross realized losses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were million of sales of AFS securities with gross realized gains and gross realized losses of million. 
 
 The Company recognized impairment losses of million on available-for-sale securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The losses were included in Net gain (loss) on investment securities in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The losses related to two AFS securities in unrealized loss positions due to credit deterioration where the Company had determined that it no longer intended to hold the securities until the recovery of their amortized cost bases. 
 
 ) Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) Asset-backed securities ) Other securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 The following is a summary of HTM and AFS investment securities as of December 31, 2023: 
 
 Held-to-maturity Available-for-sale (Dollars in thousands) Amortized cost Unrecognized gain Unrecognized loss Fair value Amortized cost Unrealized gain Unrealized loss Fair value U.S. Treasuries ) Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) Asset-backed securities ) Other securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 10 

Table of Content 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities Total 
 
 Unrealized gains and losses on debt securities available-for-sale are generally due to fluctuations in current market yields relative to the yields of the securities at their amortized cost. All AFS securities with unrealized losses are reviewed quarterly to determine if any impairment exists, requiring a write-down to fair value. For AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For debt securities available-for-sale in an unrealized loss position that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security . If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. 
 
 Other than the two previously mentioned securities on which the Company recorded impairment losses, First Financial does not intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell, debt securities prior to maturity or recovery of the recorded value. Additionally, based on the Company's credit assessment of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company recorded reserves for the periods ended September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's investment securities portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. As of December 31, 2023, the Company's investment securities portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. 
 
 The majority of First Financial s HTM debt securities are issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. These securities carry the explicit and/or implicit guarantee of the U.S. government, are widely recognized as risk free, and have a long history of zero credit loss. The remainder of the Company's HTM securities are non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations and obligations of state and other political subdivisions which currently carry ratings no lower than A+. There were HTM securities on nonaccrual status or past due at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Management measures expected credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by security type. The estimate of expected credit losses considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Company did not record an ACL for these securities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 11 

Table of Content 

 ) ) Securities of U.S. Government agencies and corporations ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Other securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair value Unrealized loss Fair value Unrealized loss Fair value Unrealized loss U.S. Treasuries ) ) Securities of U.S. Government agencies and corporations ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Other securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 12 

Table of Content 

 Securities of U.S. Government agencies and corporations Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) ) Asset-backed securities Other securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair value Unrecognized loss Fair value Unrecognized loss Fair value Unrecognized loss U.S. Treasuries Securities of U.S. Government agencies and corporations Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) ) Asset-backed securities Other securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 For further detail on the fair value of investment securities, see Note 17 Fair Value Disclosures. 

NOTE 4: 

13 

Table of Content 

 Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Lease financing Pass Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Construction real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Commercial real estate - investor Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful 
 14 

Table of Content 

 YTD Gross chargeoffs Commercial real estate - owner Pass Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Residential real estate Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Home equity Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Installment Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Credit cards Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Total Loans Total YTD Gross Chargeoffs 
 15 

Table of Content 

 Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Lease financing Pass Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Construction real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Commercial real estate - investor Pass Special mention Substandard Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Commercial real estate - owner Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Residential real estate Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Home equity Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Installment Performing Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Credit cards 
 16 

Table of Content 

 Nonperforming Total YTD Gross chargeoffs Total Loans Total YTD Gross Chargeoffs 

Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 30 59 days past due 60 89 days past due > 89 days past due Total past due Current Total > 89 days past due and still accruing Loans Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total 
 
 Financial Difficulty Modifications. 
 17 

Table of Content 

Construction real estate Residential real estate Home equity Total 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Principal forgiveness Payment delay Term extension Interest rate reduction Combination: Term extension and interest rate reduction Total Percent of total class of loans Commercial industrial Residential real estate Home equity Total 
 
 The following tables provide the amortized cost basis, as of the period end date, of FDMs that were granted modifications during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Principal forgiveness Payment delay Term extension Interest rate reduction Combination: Term extension and interest rate reduction Total Percent of total class of loans Commercial industrial Construction real estate Residential real estate Home equity Total 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Principal forgiveness Payment delay Term extension Interest rate reduction Combination: Term extension and interest rate reduction Total Percent of total class of loans Commercial industrial Residential real estate Home equity Total 

18 

Table of Content 

 Construction real estate Residential real estate Home equity Total Three months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Principal forgiveness Weighted average interest rate reduction Weighted average term extension Commercial industrial Residential real estate Home equity Total 
 
 The following table provides the financial effect of FDMs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Principal forgiveness Weighted average interest rate reduction Weighted average term extension Commercial industrial Construction real estate Residential real estate Home equity Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Principal forgiveness Weighted average interest rate reduction Weighted average term extension Commercial industrial Residential real estate Home equity Total 
 
 The Company has committed to lend additional amounts to the borrowers who have been classified as FDM as of either September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. Additionally, there was FDM with a balance of million that defaulted during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and FDMs totaling million that defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and were classified as FDMs during the twelve months preceding the default date. There were FDMs with a balance of million that defaulted during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and FDMs with a balance of million that defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and were classified as FDMs during the twelve months preceding the default date. 
 
 19 

Table of Content 

 Construction real estate Residential real estate Home equity Total 
 
 The following table presents the performance as of September 30, 2023 for FDMs granted since the January 1, 2023 adoption date. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Current 30 59 days past due 60 89 days past due > 89 days past due Total Commercial industrial Residential real estate Home equity Total 

to determine if a reserve is required based on the borrower s overall financial condition, resources and payment record, support from guarantors and the realizable value of any collateral. These reserves are based on discounted cash flows using the loan's initial effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral for certain collateral dependent loans. 
 
 Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total nonaccrual loans 
 20 

Table of Content 

million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 A loan is considered to be collateral dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of collateral. 
 Lease financing Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total December 31, 2023 Type of Collateral (Dollar in thousands) Business assets Commercial real estate Equipment Land Residential real estate Other Total Class of loan Commercial industrial Lease financing Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total 
 
 Lease financing - Lessor. First Financial originates both sales-type and direct financing leases, and the Company manages and reviews lease residuals in accordance with its credit policies. Payments are generally fixed, however, in some agreements, lease payments are based on a rate or index plus a spread. Sales-type lease contracts contain the ability to purchase the underlying equipment at lease maturity and profit or loss is recognized at lease commencement. Direct financing leases are generally three to five years in length and may be extended at maturity, however, early cancellation may result in a fee to the borrower. For direct financing leases, the net unearned income is deferred and amortized over the life of the lease. 
 
 21 

Table of Content 

 Unguaranteed residual values Sales-type leases Lease receivables Unguaranteed residual values Total net investment in direct financing and sales-type leases 
 
 Interest income for direct financing and sales-type leases was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Interest income for direct financing and sales-type leases was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: unearned interest income ) Net lease receivables 
 22 

Table of Content 

Additions Commercial real estate Residential real estate Total additions Disposals Commercial real estate Residential real estate ) ) ) Total disposals ) ) ) Valuation adjustment Commercial real estate Residential real estate ) ) ) Total valuation adjustment ) ) ) Balance at end of period 

NOTE 5: 
 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively , is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 Management estimates the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience paired with economic forecasts provides the basis for the quantitatively modeled estimation of expected credit losses. First Financial adjusts its quantitative model, as necessary, to reflect conditions not already considered by the quantitative model. These adjustments are commonly known as the Qualitative Framework. 
 
 The ACL is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. The Company has identified the following portfolio segments and measures the ACL using the following methods: 
 
 Commercial and industrial C I loans include revolving lines of credit and term loans to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, leasehold improvements or other projects. C I loans are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the Company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. C I loans also include ABL, equipment and leasehold improvement financing for franchisees in the quick service and casual dining restaurant sector, insurance premium financing and commission-based loans to insurance agents and brokers. ABL transactions typically involve larger commercial clients and are secured by specific assets, such as inventory, accounts receivable, machinery and equipment. In the franchise lending space, First Financial focuses on a limited number of restaurant concepts that have sound economics, low closure rates and strong brand awareness within specified local, regional or national markets. Within the insurance lending platform, First Financial serves insurance agents and brokers that are looking to maximize their book-of-business value and grow their agency business as well as commercial customers financing their 
 23 

Table of Content 

 24 

Table of Content 

Provision for credit losses Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home Equity Installment Credit card Total Allowance for credit losses: Balance at beginning of period Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses 
 
 25 

Table of Content 

 Provision for credit losses Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Provision for credit losses ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses 
 
 Allowance for credit losses - unfunded commitments. 
 
 First Financial determined the adequacy of this reserve based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, which included consideration of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk ratings and historical loss rates, consistent with the Company's ACL methodology at the time. 
 
 The ACL on unfunded commitments was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. Additionally, First Financial recorded provision expense related to the allowance on unfunded commitments of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a provision recapture related to the allowance on unfunded commitments of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, First Financial recorded a provision recapture related to the allowance on unfunded commitments of million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 6: 

Substantially all of the company's lessee contracts are classified as operating leases. Under Topic 842, operating lease agreements are required to be recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as an ROU asset and a corresponding lease liability. The Company's right to use an asset over the life of a lease is recorded as a ROU asset in Accrued interest and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Certain adjustments to the ROU asset may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. First Financial recorded a million and million lease liability in Accrued interest and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The calculated amount of the ROU assets and lease liabilities are impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used to calculate the present value of minimum lease payments. Regarding the discount rate, Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term. 
 
 Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and First Financial recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Most leases include one or more options to renew, 
 26 

Table of Content 

 Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases 

NOTE 7: 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, net of accumulated depreciation of million and million, respectively. The Company recorded lease income of million and million related to lease 
 27 

Table of Content 

 million and million related to lease payments for operating leases in Leasing business income in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense related to operating lease equipment was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense related to operating lease equipment is included in Leasing business expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 First Financial performs assessments of the recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. First Financial recognized impairment losses associated with operating lease assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Recognized impairment losses, if any, would be recorded in Leasing business income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total operating lease payments 

NOTE 8: 

Goodwill resulting from business combinations Balance at end of period 
 
 In the first quarter of 2024, First Financial recorded million of goodwill related to the acquisition of Agile Premium Finance. Agile specializes in lending to commercial customers to finance insurance premiums. These loans are generally secured by the unearned premiums on the underlying insurance policies and are typically short in duration. This acquisition is consistent with First Financial's approach of adding niche financial services to its line-up of core banking services and will complement First Financial's existing specialty lending business. The measurement period for recording adjustments to the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in the Agile acquisition ends in February 2025. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, First Financial recorded million of goodwill related to the acquisition of the assets of Brady Ware Capital. Brady Ware Capital specializes in buy-side and sell-side consulting services for mid-sized businesses. Similar to Agile, this acquisition is consistent with First Financial's approach of adding niche financial services to further expand its broad service offerings. In May 2023, First Financial also acquired Brady Ware Corporate Finance, a broker-dealer and member of FINRA. First Financial recorded million of goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Brady Ware Corporate Finance. The measurement period for recording adjustments to the fair value of assets and liabilities ended in January 2024 for Brady Ware Capital and in May 2024 for Brady Ware Corporate Finance. 
 
 28 

Table of Content 

Other intangible assets. Other intangible assets consist primarily of core deposit, customer lists, mortgage servicing rights and other miscellaneous intangibles, such as purchase commissions, non-compete agreements, trade name intangibles and premium finance servicing rights. 
 
 Core deposit intangibles represent the estimated fair value of acquired customer deposit relationships on the date of acquisition and are amortized on an over their estimated useful lives. First Financial's core deposit intangibles have an estimated weighted average remaining life of years. 
 
 First Financial recorded a customer list intangible asset in conjunction with the Agile, Summit and Bannockburn acquisitions to account for the obligation or advantage on the part of either the Company or the customer to continue the pre-existing relationship subsequent to the merger. These customer list intangibles are being amortized on a over their estimated used lives. The Agile customer list was million at September 30, 2024 and is being amortized over an estimated remaining life of years. The Summit customer list was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is being amortized over an estimated remaining life of years. The Bannockburn customer list was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is being amortized over an estimated remaining life of years. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights represent the value of servicing fees First Financial expects to receive from the servicing responsibilities it retains when selling fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans. In those sales, First Financial retains servicing responsibilities and provides certain standard representations and warranties; however, the investors have no recourse to the Company s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. First Financial receives servicing fees based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. When First Financial sells mortgage loans with servicing rights retained, these servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value. First Financial has selected the amortization method as permissible within U.S. GAAP, whereby the servicing rights capitalized are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated future servicing income with respect to the underlying loan. At the end of each reporting period, the carrying value of MSRs is assessed for impairment with a comparison to fair value. MSRs are carried at the lower of their amortized cost or fair value. The amortization of MSRs is included within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Amortization expense recognized on other intangible assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, which includes MSR amortization of million and million, respectively. Amortization expense recognized on other intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, which includes MSR amortization of million and million, respectively. 
 
 The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of other intangible assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 ) ) Customer list ) ) Other ) ) Mortgage servicing rights ) ) Total ) ) 
 29 

Table of Content 

NOTE 9: 
 
 securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 
 First Financial had federal funds purchased at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023, while the Company had million and million in short-term borrowings with the FHLB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These short-term borrowings are used to manage normal liquidity needs and support the Company's asset and liability management strategies. Additionally, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, other short-term borrowings included million and million, respectively, of collateral owed to counterparty banks by First Financial. 
 
 First Financial also has a million short-term credit facility with an unaffiliated bank that matures in December 2024, which is considered a short-term borrowing. This facility has a variable interest rate and provides First Financial additional liquidity, if needed, for various corporate activities including the repurchase of First Financial common stock and the payment of dividends to shareholders. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, First Financial had outstanding balance on this facility. The credit agreement requires First Financial to comply with certain covenants including those related to asset quality and capital levels, and First Financial was in compliance with all covenants associated with this facility as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. This credit facility also required First Financial to pledge as collateral the Bank's common stock where the lender is granted a security interest in this collateral. 
 
 Other short-term borrowings Total short-term borrowings 
 
 First Financial had million of long-term debt as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively, which included subordinated notes, capital lease liabilities and an interest free loan with a municipality. 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) N/A ) N/A Notes issued in conjunction with acquisition of property and equipment Capital lease liability Capital loan with municipality Total long-term debt 
 
 In 2015, First Financial issued million of subordinated notes, which have a fixed interest rate of payable semiannually and mature in August 2025. These notes are not redeemable by the Company or callable by the holders of the notes prior to maturity. Subordinated notes are included in Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes, subject to certain limitations. When subordinated notes are within five years of maturity, the tier 2 capital eligibility reduces by 20 each year. Since this subordinated debt is within one year of maturity, it is no longer eligible to be treated as Tier 2 capital at September 30, 2024 for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 30 

Table of Content 

 million of fixed to floating rate subordinated notes. These subordinated notes have an initial fixed interest rate of to, but excluding, May 15, 2025, payable semi-annually in arrears. From, and including, May 15, 2025, the interest rate on the subordinated notes will reset quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the then-current three-month term SOFR, plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The subordinated notes mature on May 15, 2030. These notes are redeemable by the Company in whole or in part beginning with the interest payment date of May 15, 2025. This subordinated debt issued in April 2020 that matures in May 2030 is eligible to be treated as Tier 2 capital for 100 of its original issuance amount at September 30, 2024 for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 In addition, First Financial acquired million of variable rate subordinated notes in the MSFG merger that were issued to previously formed trusts in exchange for the trust proceeds. These notes were recorded at fair value at the date of the MSFG merger and the Consolidated Balance Sheets include million and million for these notes at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Interest on the acquired subordinated notes is payable quarterly, in arrears, and the Company has the option to defer interest payments for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters. These acquired subordinated notes mature years after the date of original issuance and may be called at par following the year anniversary of issuance. All of these acquired notes are callable as of September 30, 2024 and are treated as Tier 1 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 Additionally, long-term borrowings included million and million of term notes, both with and without recourse, with an average interest rate of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These term notes were used to finance equity investments in the purchase of equipment to be leased to customers. 
 
 31 

Table of Content 

 NOTE 10: 

) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Total ) ) ) ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 Total other comprehensive income (loss) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Dollars in thousands) Prior to reclass Reclass from Pre-tax Tax effect Net of tax Beginning balance Net activity Ending balance Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Total other comprehensive income (loss) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Dollars in thousands) Prior to reclass Reclass from Pre-tax Tax effect Net of tax Beginning balance Net activity Ending balance Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Total other comprehensive income (loss) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Dollars in thousands) Prior to reclass Reclass from Pre-tax Tax effect Net of tax Beginning balance Net activity Ending balance Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) ) ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 32 

Table of Content ) ) ) Interest income - Loans and leases, including fees Realized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale ) ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on investments securities Defined benefit pension plan Amortization of prior service cost (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Other noninterest expense Recognized net actuarial loss (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Other noninterest expense Defined benefit pension plan total ) ) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period, before tax ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 14 - Employee Benefit Plans for additional details). 

NOTE 11: 

Interest rate client derivatives. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, for the interest rate client derivatives, the Company had a total counterparty notional amount outstanding of billion, spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of million. At December 31, 2023, the Company had interest rate client derivatives with a total counterparty notional amount outstanding of billion, spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of million. 
 
 First Financial monitors its derivative credit exposure to borrowers by monitoring the creditworthiness of the related loan customers through the Company's normal credit review processes. Additionally, the Company monitors derivative credit risk exposure related to problem loans through its ACL Committee. First Financial considers the market value of a derivative instrument to be part of the carrying value of the related loan for these purposes as the borrower is contractually obligated to pay First Financial this amount in the event the derivative contract is terminated. 
 33 

Table of Content 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had total counterparty notional amount outstanding of billion spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of million . At December 31, 2023, the Company had total counterparty notional amounts outstanding of billion spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of million. 
 
 In connection with its use of foreign exchange contracts, First Financial and its counterparties may be required to post cash collateral to offset the market position of the derivative instruments. First Financial maintains the right to offset these derivative positions with the collateral posted against them by or with the relevant counterparties. 
 
 Commodity contracts. In August of 2024, First Financial began entering into financially settled commodity derivative contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their exposure to various commodity price fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of interest rate risk from interest rate client derivative and foreign exchange contracts, First Financial also enters into commodity contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge a substantial portion of the exposure from client driven commodity derivative activity. These derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the revaluation gain or loss recorded in Derivative income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not being taken when providing this service to customers. These controls include monitoring of commodity volatility and credit exposure on these contracts. While these derivatives represent economic hedges, they do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. At September 30, 2024, the Company had total counterparty notional amount outstanding of million with counterparty, with an estimated fair value of million. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges . In 2023, First Financial entered into interest rate collars and floors, which are designated as cash flow hedges. These cash flow hedges are utilized to mitigate interest rate risk on variable-rate commercial loan pools. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these hedges were determined to be effective and are expected to remain effective during the remaining terms. Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recorded in AOCI and reclassified from AOCI to current period earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Reclassified gains and losses on interest rate contracts related to commercial and industrial loans are recorded within interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 The structure of the interest rate collars is such that First Financial pays the counterparty an incremental amount if the collar index exceeds the cap rate. Conversely, First Financial receives an incremental amount if the index falls below the floor rate. No payments are required if the collar index falls between the cap and floor rates. 
 
 The structure of First Financial's interest rate floors is such that First Financial receives an incremental amount if the index falls below the floor strike rate. No payments are required if the index remains above the floor strike rate. 
 
 The notional value of the Company's cash flow hedges was billion at September 30, 2024, with a million loss recorded in AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows is months. It is estimated that million will be reclassified from OCI to interest income during the next 12 months. 
 
 At December 31, 2023, the notional value of the Company's cash flow hedges was billion, with a million gain recorded in AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the maximum length of time over which the Company was hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows was months. 
 
 34 

Table of Content ) ) 
 
 The effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the nine months ended September 30, were as follows: 
 
 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into income Gain (loss) reclassified in AOCI on Derivatives Gain (loss) recognized in OCI on Derivatives (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest rate contracts Interest income/(expense) ) ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) Matched interest rate contracts with counterparty ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Matched foreign exchange contracts with customers ) ) Match foreign exchange contracts with counterparty ) ) Commodity contracts Matched commodity with client ) Matched commodity with counterparty Total derivatives not designated as qualifying hedging instruments ) ) Derivatives designated as qualifying hedging instruments Cash flow hedges Interest rate collars and floors 4,497 0 6,896 0 Total derivatives designated as qualifying hedging instruments Total ) ) 
 (1) Derivative assets are included in Accrued interest and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

35 

Table of Content ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Total ) ) ) (1) Includes accrued interest receivable and collateral. 
 
 ) Pay fixed, matched interest rate contracts with counterparty Foreign exchange contracts Foreign exchange contracts-pay USD ) Foreign exchange contracts-receive USD Commodities contracts Client commodity contracts ) Counterparty commodity contracts Total client derivatives ) Cash flow hedges Interest rate collars and floors on loan pools Total cash flow hedges Total 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the derivative collateral owed by the Company to counterparty banks was million with million restricted within cash and due from banks on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and million recorded in short-term borrowings. Derivative collateral owed by the Company to the counterparty banks at December 31, 2023 was million with million restricted within cash and due from banks and million recorded in short-term borrowings. 
 
 Credit derivatives. The total notional value of the purchased risk agreements totaled million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. The total notional value of the sold risk agreements totaled million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. The net fair value of these agreements was recorded in Accrued interest and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and was million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 36 

Table of Content 

 At September 30, 2024, the notional amount of the IRLCs was million and the notional amount of forward commitments was million. As of December 31, 2023, the notional amount of IRLCs was million and the notional amount of forward commitments was million. The fair value on these agreements was million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and was recorded in Accrued interest and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

NOTE 12: 

First Financial had million and million of reserves for unfunded commitments recorded in Accrued interest and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 First Financial had commitments to extend credit, including overdraft lending lines, of billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled million while commitments with variable interest rates totaled billion. At December 31, 2023, commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled million while commitments with variable interest rates totaled billion. First Financial's fixed rate commitments have interest rates ranging from to at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and have maturities ranging from less than to years at September 30, 2024 and maturities ranging from less than to years at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Loan commitments. 
 
 37 

Table of Content 

 Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total 
 
 Letters of credit. First Financial issued letters of credit aggregating million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management conducts regular reviews of these instruments on an individual client basis. 
 
 Risk participation agreements. In conjunction with participating interests in commercial loans, First Financial periodically enters into risk participation agreements with counterparties whereby First Financial either assumes or sells a portion of the credit exposure associated with an interest rate swap on the participated loan in exchange for a fee. Under these agreements, First Financial will either make a payment to or receive a payment from the counterparty if the loan customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the interest rate swap contract. The total notional amount of the risk participation agreements was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Affordable housing projects and other tax credit investments. First Financial is a limited partner in several tax-advantaged limited partnerships whose purpose is to invest in approved qualified affordable housing, renewable energy, or other renovation or community revitalization projects. These investments are included in A ccrued interest and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets , with any unfunded commitments included in A ccrued interest and other liabilities i n the Consolidated Balance Sheets . As of September 30, 2024, First Financial expects to recover its remaining investments through the use of the tax credits that are generated by the investments. 
 
 First Financial adopted ASU 2023-02 effective January 1, 2024, using the modified retrospective basis. This ASU was required for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and expanded the scope of the proportional amortization method to equity investments beyond LIHTC investments. First Financial has made an accounting policy election to apply PAM to the following tax credit programs: HTC, NMTC, and renewable energy tax credits. For each program that First Financial elected to the apply proportional amortization method, First Financial analyzed each investment individually under the scope criteria to determine if PAM applies. First Financial determined that it was eligible to apply PAM to certain HTC investments, however not every HTC investment qualified under the existing guidance. At the time of adoption, First Financial's existing NMTC and renewable energy tax credits were also not eligible to apply PAM. Consistent with the guidance set forth in the ASU, First Financial recorded a million adjustment to retained earnings to account for the transition of qualified HTC that transitioned to PAM during the first quarter of 2024. 

38 

Table of Content 

 HTC Proportional amortization HTC Equity NMTC Equity Renewable energy Equity Total 
 
 The following table summarizes First Financial's amortization expense and tax benefit recognized in affordable housing projects and other tax credit investments. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amortization expense (1) 
 Tax expense (benefit) recognized (2) 
 Amortization expense (1) 
 Tax expense (benefit) recognized (2) 
 LIHTC Proportional amortization ) ) HTC Proportional amortization ) HTC Equity ) NMTC Equity ) ) Renewable energy Equity Total ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Accounting Method Amortization expense (1) 
 Tax expense (benefit) recognized (2) 
 Amortization expense (1) 
 Tax expense (benefit) recognized (2) 
 LIHTC Proportional amortization ) ) HTC Proportional amortization ) HTC Equity ) NMTC Equity ) ) Renewable energy Equity Total ) ) (1) The amortization expense for investments using the proportional amortization method is included in income tax expense. The amortization expense for the equity method investments is included in other noninterest expense. (2) All of the tax benefits recognized are included in Income tax expense. The tax benefit recognized for the equity method investments primarily reflects the tax credits generated from the investments and excludes the net tax expense (benefit) and deferred tax liability of the investments income (loss). 
 
 Contingencies/Litigation. First Financial and its subsidiaries are engaged in various matters of litigation and have a number of unresolved claims pending. 
 
 As part of the ordinary course of business, First Financial and its subsidiaries are parties to litigation, including claims to the ownership of funds in particular accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, foreclosure interests that are incidental to our regular business activities and other matters. While the ultimate liability with respect to these litigation matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, First Financial believes that damages, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters are not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated as of September 30, 2024. Reserves are established for these various matters of litigation when appropriate under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon the advice of legal counsel. First Financial had reserves related to litigation matters as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 39 

Table of Content 

NOTE 13: 
 
 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of compared to income tax expense of million and an effective tax rate of for the comparable period in 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, income tax expense was million, resulting in an effective tax rate of compared to million and an effective tax rate of for the comparable period in 2023. The lower effective tax rate in 2024 is primarily driven by tax credits realized in 2024 as well as lower taxable income. 
 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, First Financial had unrecognized tax benefits. A First Financial recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties as income tax expense. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had interest or penalties recorded. 
 
 First Financial and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as state and local income tax in numerous jurisdictions. Tax years prior to 2020 have been closed and are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations. Tax years 2020 through 2023 remain open to examination by the federal taxing authority. First Financial is no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations for years prior to 2019. 

NOTE 14: 
 
 cash contributions to fund the pension plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023, and it does not expect to make cash contributions to the plan through the remainder of 2024. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost (income) 

NOTE 15: 
 
 40 

Table of Content 

 million, partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income. Gross interchange income for the same period in 2023 was million, partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income. Gross interchange income for the first nine months of 2024 was million, partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income. Gross interchange income for the same period in 2023 was million, partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income. 
 
 Foreign exchange income. Foreign exchange income includes both spot and forward income in First Financial's Consolidated Statements of Income. Forward income is excluded from the scope of ASU 2019-04, however, spot income is within the scope of the guidance. A foreign exchange spot trade is a trade made for immediate exchange and delivery of the currency, thus satisfying the performance obligation. Income from foreign exchange spot trades was million and million for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Income from foreign exchange spot trades was million and million for the first nine months of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other. Other noninterest income includes recurring revenue streams such as transaction fees, safe deposit rental income, insurance commissions, merchant referral income and gain (loss) on sale of OREO. Transaction fees primarily include check printing sales commissions, collection fees and wire transfer fees which arise from in-branch transactions. Safe deposit rental income arises from fees charged to the customer on an annual basis and recognized upon receipt of payment. Insurance commissions are agent commissions earned by the Company and earned upon the effective date of the bound coverage. Merchant referral income is associated with a program whereby the Company receives a share of processing revenue that is generated from clients that were referred by First Financial to the service provider. Revenue is recognized at the time the transaction occurs. 
 
 The Company records a gain or loss from the sale of OREO when control of the property transfers to the buyer, which generally occurs at the time of the executed deed. When the Company finances the sale of OREO to the buyer, the Company assesses whether the buyer is committed to perform their obligations under the contract and whether collectibility of the transaction price is probable. Once these criteria are met, the OREO asset is removed and the gain or loss on sale is recorded upon the transfer of control of the property to the buyer. 
 
 41 

Table of Content 

 NOTE 16: 
 
 Denominator Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Effect of dilutive securities Employee stock awards Adjusted weighted average shares for diluted earnings per common share Earnings per share available to common shareholders Basic Diluted 
 
 antidilutive options at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

NOTE 17: 

42 

Table of Content 

 Investment securities held-to-maturity Other investments (1) 
 Loans and leases Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 Carrying Estimated fair value (Dollars in thousands) value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2023 Financial assets Cash and short-term investments Investment securities held-to-maturity Other investments (1) 
 Loans and leases Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 (1) FHLB stock and FRB stock of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are excluded from the numbers above. 
 
 43 

Table of Content 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with a valuation allowance of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed third-party appraiser (Level 3). These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including the comparable sales approach and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Collateral is then adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and the client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. Collateral dependent loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional write-downs and are adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Enterprise value is defined as imputed value for the entire underlying business. To determine an appropriate range of enterprise value, FFB relies on a standardized set of valuation methodologies that take into account future projected cash flows, market based multiples as well as asset values. Valuations involve both quantitative and qualitative considerations and professional judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics in addition to other factors that may impact values over time (Level 3). 
 
 The value of business equipment is based on an outside appraisal, if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable borrower financial statements. Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivable collateral are based on borrower financial statement balances or aging reports on a discounted basis as appropriate (Level 3). 
 
 The fair value of collateral dependent loans is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights. Mortgage servicing rights are evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to the carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the servicing asset exceeds fair value, impairment is recorded so that the servicing asset is carried at fair value. Fair value is determined based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The valuation model utilized a discount rate of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively, weighted average prepayment speed of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively, and other economic factors that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income and that can be validated against available market data. 
 44 

Table of Content 

Loans held for sale Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Interest rate floors Commodities contracts Total Liabilities Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Commodities contracts Total 
 
 45 

Table of Content 

 Loans held for sale Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Interest rate floors Total Liabilities Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total 
 
 Accretion (amortization) ) ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in fair value ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Transfers into level 3 Ending balance 
 
 Four commercial mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of million as of September 30, 2024 were transferred from level 2 to level 3 due to credit deterioration and a lack of observable market data for these investments due to a decrease in market activity for these securities. The Company's valuations were supported by an analysis prepared by an independent third party and approved by management. The approach to determining fair value involved several steps which included: 1) detailed collateral analysis; 2) collateral performance projections and 3) discounted cash flow modeling. 
 
 Certain financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
 Commercial real estate Lease financing OREO 
 46 

Table of Content 

 Commercial real estate OREO 
 
 Fair value option. First Financial may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument-by instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in net income. After the initial adoption, the election is made at the acquisition of an eligible financial asset, financial liability, or firm commitment or when certain specified reconsideration events occur. The fair value election may not be revoked once an election is made. 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option for residential mortgage loans held for sale. This election allows for a more effective offset of the changes in fair values of the loans held for sale and the derivative financial instruments used to financially hedge them without having to apply complex hedge accounting requirements. The fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale was determined based on quoted prices for similar loans in active markets. 
 
 The aggregate fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. The aggregate unpaid principal balance of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. The resulting difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining principal balance for loans for which the fair value option has been elected was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Changes in the estimated fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale are reported as a component of Net gain from sales of loans in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The change in fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale resulted in a loss of million for each of the third quarters of 2024 and 2023. The change in fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale resulted in gains of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 18: 
 
 million in an all cash transaction. Agile originates commercial loans for the payment of annual property and casualty insurance for businesses. The loans are secured by the unearned premium of the policies and have an average term of approximately ten months. Upon completion of the transaction, Agile became a division of the Bank and continues to operate as Agile Premium Finance, taking advantage of its existing brand recognition within the insurance premium financing industry. Operating results from the Agile acquisition have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date. 
 
 The Agile transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the acquisition date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were million and million, respectively. Acquisition accounting adjustments are considered preliminary at September 30, 2024. These present value measurements are subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information relative to closing date fair values become available, and the measurement period ends in February 2025. Goodwill arising from the Agile acquisition was million and reflects the additional revenue growth expected with the Company's expansion into the insurance premium financing business. First Financial incurred expenses related to the Agile acquisition in the third quarter of 2024 and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. For further detail, see Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 47 

Table of Content 

Assets acquired Commercial loans Premises and equipment Intangible assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net identifiable assets Goodwill 

48 

Table of Content 

 ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Unaudited) 

The following discussion and analysis is presented by management to facilitate the understanding of the financial condition, cash flows, changes in financial condition and results of operations of First Financial Bancorp. Management's discussion and analysis identifies trends and material changes that occurred during the reporting periods presented and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. 
 
 All significant reclassifications of prior period amounts, if applicable, have been made to conform to the current period s presentation and had no effect on the Company's previously reported net income or financial condition. 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 First Financial Bancorp. is an 18.1 billion financial holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Company primarily operates through First Financial Bank, an Ohio-chartered commercial bank with 128 full service banking centers at September 30, 2024. First Financial provides banking and financial services products to business and retail clients through its six lines of business: Commercial, Retail Banking, Mortgage Banking, Wealth Management, Investment Commercial Real Estate and Commercial Finance. The Commercial Finance business lends to targeted industry verticals on a nationwide basis. Operating under the brand of Yellow Cardinal Advisory Group, Wealth Management had 3.8 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2024 and provides the following services: financial planning, investment management, trust administration, estate settlement, business succession planning services, brokerage services and retirement planning. 
 
 Additional information about First Financial, including its products, services and banking locations, is available on the 
 Company's website at www.bankatfirst.com. 
 
 The major components of First Financial s operating results for the current and prior year are discussed in greater detail in the sections that follow. 

MARKET STRATEGY 
 
 First Financial develops a competitive advantage by utilizing a local market focus to provide superior service and build long-term relationships with clients while helping them achieve greater financial success. First Financial serves a combination of metropolitan and community markets in Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky and Illinois through its full-service banking centers. First Financial's investment in community markets is an important part of the Bank's core funding base and has historically provided stable, low-cost funding sources. 
 
 First Financial also has certain specialty lending platforms that extend beyond the geographic banking center footprint. These specialty finance businesses provide insurance premium financing, equipment lease financing and financing to franchise owners and clients within the financial services industry. 
 
 First Financial s market selection process includes multiple factors, but markets are primarily chosen for their potential for long-term profitability and growth. First Financial intends to concentrate plans for future growth and capital investment within its current markets, and will continue to evaluate additional growth opportunities in metropolitan markets located within, or in close proximity to, the Company's current geographic footprint. Additionally, First Financial may assess strategic acquisitions that provide product line extensions or additional industry verticals that complement its existing business and diversify its product suite and revenue streams. 
 
 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
 
 On February 29, 2024, First Financial completed its acquisition of Agile Premium Finance for 96.9 million in an all cash transaction. Headquartered in Lincolnshire, IL, Agile originates commercial loans for the payment of annual property and casualty insurance for businesses. Agile is among industry leaders in the premium finance lending space and is active in all 50 states. Agile loans are secured by the unearned premium of the insurance policies and have an average original term of approximately ten months. Upon completion of the transaction, Agile became a division of the Bank and continues to operate as Agile Premium Finance, taking advantage of its existing brand recognition within the insurance premium financing industry. 
 49 

Table of Content 

The Agile transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the acquisition date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were 97.8 million and 2.7 million, respectively. Acquisition accounting adjustments are considered preliminary at September 30, 2024. These fair value measurements are subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information relative to closing date fair values become available, and the measurement period for Agile ends in March 2025. Goodwill resulting from the Agile acquisition was 1.8 million while other intangible assets created in the transaction include a customer list, non-compete agreements, trade name and a servicing asset. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, First Financial purchased the assets of Brady Ware Capital, LLC (Brady Ware). Located in Miamisburg, Ohio, Brady Ware was an advisory firm for mergers and acquisitions, focusing primarily on business succession planning. First Financial acquired all of the assets of Brady Ware for aggregate consideration of approximately 4.3 million, consisting of 3.4 million in cash and a 0.9 million earn-out payment. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the earn-out payments are payable annually for each of the five years following the closing of the acquisition, contingent upon the results of Brady Ware's operations. 
 
 The transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the acquisition date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Goodwill resulting from the Brady Ware acquisition was 4.2 million and reflects the business s growth potential and the expectation that the acquisition will provide additional revenue growth with the expansion of the Bank's advisory business. In May 2023, First Financial also acquired Brady Ware Corporate Finance, a broker-dealer and member of FINRA. First Financial recorded 0.1 million of goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Brady Ware Corporate Finance. The measurement period for recording adjustments to the fair value of assets and liabilities for Brady Ware Capital ended in January 2024, while the measurement period for Brady Ware Corporate Finance ended in May 2024. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 The Company utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures, which it believes provide useful insight to the reader of the Consolidated Financial Statements. These non-GAAP measures should be supplemental to primary GAAP measures and should not be read in isolation or relied upon as a substitute for the primary GAAP measures. 
 
 For analytical purposes, net interest income is presented in the following table adjusted to a tax equivalent basis assuming a 21 marginal tax rate. Net interest income is disclosed on a tax equivalent basis to consistently reflect income from tax-exempt assets, such as municipal loans and investments, in order to facilitate a comparison between taxable and tax-exempt amounts. Management believes it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest margin and net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis as these measures provide useful information to make peer comparisons. 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest income 155,560 153,311 457,611 474,005 Tax equivalent adjustment 1,362 1,418 4,315 4,684 Net interest income - tax equivalent 156,922 154,729 461,926 478,689 Average earning assets 15,292,378 15,171,819 15,074,697 14,378,394 Net interest margin (1) 
 4.05 4.06 4.05 4.41 Net interest margin (FTE) (1) 
 4.08 4.10 4.09 4.45 
 (1) Calculated using annualized net interest income divided by average earning assets. 
 
 In addition to capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies, First Financial considers various measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including the return on average tangible shareholder's equity and the tangible common equity ratio. These calculations are intended to complement the capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies for both absolute and comparative purposes and may be useful for evaluating the performance of a business as the ratios calculate the capital and return available to common shareholders without the impact of intangible assets and their related amortization. As GAAP does not include capital ratio measures, the Company believes there are no comparable GAAP financial measures to these ratios. 
 50 

Table of Content 

 These ratios are not formally defined by GAAP or codified in the federal banking regulations and, therefore, are considered to be non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 First Financial encourages readers to consider its Consolidated Financial Statements in their entirety and not to rely upon any single financial measure. 
 
 The following table reconciles non-GAAP capital ratios to GAAP: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (a) 
 52,451 60,805 163,945 199,131 Average total shareholders' equity 2,371,125 2,281,040 2,306,147 2,124,787 Less: Average goodwill (1,007,654) (1,007,657) (1,007,264) (1,005,783) Average other intangibles (82,619) (84,577) (83,764) (89,945) Average tangible equity (b) 
 1,280,852 1,188,806 1,215,119 1,029,059 Total shareholders' equity 2,450,438 2,326,439 2,450,438 2,129,509 Less: Goodwill (1,007,656) (1,007,656) (1,007,656) (1,005,868) Other intangibles (81,547) (83,528) (81,547) (86,378) Ending tangible equity (c) 
 1,361,235 1,235,255 1,361,235 1,037,263 Total assets 18,146,332 18,166,180 18,146,332 17,054,852 Less: 
 51 

Table of Content 

 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Goodwill (1,007,656) (1,007,656) (1,007,656) (1,005,868) Other intangibles (81,547) (83,528) (81,547) (86,378) Ending tangible assets (d) 
 17,057,129 17,074,996 17,057,129 15,962,606 Risk-weighted assets (e) 
 13,797,681 13,803,249 13,797,681 13,170,574 Total average assets 17,854,191 17,728,251 17,630,374 16,954,178 Less: Average goodwill (1,007,654) (1,007,657) (1,007,264) (1,005,783) Average other intangibles (82,619) (84,577) (83,764) (89,945) Average tangible assets (f) 
 16,763,918 16,636,017 16,539,346 15,858,450 Ending common shares outstanding (g) 
 95,486,317 95,486,010 95,486,317 95,117,180 Ratios Return on average tangible shareholders' equity (a)/(b) 
 16.29 20.57 18.02 25.87 Ending tangible shareholders' equity as a percent of: Ending tangible assets (c)/(d) 
 7.98 7.23 7.98 6.50 Risk-weighted assets (c)/(e) 
 9.87 8.95 9.87 7.88 Average tangible shareholders' equity to average tangible assets (b)/(f) 
 7.64 7.15 7.35 6.49 Tangible book value per share (c)/(g) 
 14.26 12.94 14.26 10.91 

OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Linked quarter comparison: Third quarter 2024 net income was 52.5 million and earnings per diluted common share were 0.55. This compares with second quarter 2024 net income of 60.8 million and earnings per diluted common share of 0.64. Return on average assets was 1.17 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.38 for the second quarter of 2024. Return on average shareholders equity was 8.80 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 10.72 for the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Year-to-date comparison: For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income was 163.9 million and earnings per diluted common share were 1.72. This compares with net income of 199.1 million and earnings per diluted common share of 2.09 for the first nine months of 2023. Return on average assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.24 compared to 1.57 for the same period in 2023, and return on average shareholders' equity was 9.50 and 12.53 for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance Sheet - End of Period Total assets 18,146,332 17,532,900 Loans and leases 11,553,072 10,933,176 Investment securities 3,355,568 3,231,392 Deposits 13,947,754 13,360,797 Shareholders' equity 2,450,438 2,267,974 
 
 52 

Table of Content 

 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Earnings Net interest income 155,560 153,311 457,611 474,005 Net income 52,451 60,805 163,945 199,131 Per Share Net income per common share-basic 0.56 0.64 1.74 2.12 Net income per common share-diluted 0.55 0.64 1.72 2.09 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.24 0.23 0.70 0.69 Book value per common share (end of period) 25.66 24.36 25.66 22.39 Tangible book value per common share (end of period) (1) 
 14.26 12.94 14.26 10.91 Market price (end of period) 25.23 22.22 25.23 19.60 Ratios Return on average assets 1.17 1.38 1.24 1.57 Return on average shareholders' equity 8.80 10.72 9.50 12.53 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity (1) 
 16.29 20.57 18.02 25.87 Net interest margin 4.05 4.06 4.05 4.41 Net interest margin (FTE) (1) 
 4.08 4.10 4.09 4.45 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. For details on the calculation of this non-GAAP financial measure, see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section. 
 
 A discussion of First Financial's operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 follows. 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
 First Financial s primary source of income is net interest income, which is the excess of interest received from earning assets, including loan-related fees and purchase accounting accretion, minus interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The amount of net interest income is determined by the volume and mix of earning assets, the rates earned on such assets and the volume, mix and rates paid for the deposits and borrowings that fund the earning assets. Earning assets consist of interest-bearing loans and leases to customers as well as marketable investment securities. 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest income Loans and leases, including fees 215,433 211,760 629,033 546,354 Investment securities Taxable 32,367 30,295 90,958 95,226 Tax-exempt 2,616 2,704 8,412 10,499 Total interest on investment securities 34,983 32,999 99,370 105,725 Other earning assets 6,703 7,960 22,121 12,488 Total interest income 257,119 252,719 750,524 664,567 Interest expense Deposits 86,554 83,022 245,651 132,817 Short-term borrowings 9,932 11,395 32,270 43,101 Long-term borrowings 5,073 4,991 14,992 14,644 Total interest expense 101,559 99,408 292,913 190,562 Net interest income 155,560 153,311 457,611 474,005 
 53 

Table of Content 

Linked quarter comparison: Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 155.6 million, an increase of 2.2 million, or 1.5 , from the second quarter of 2024. Net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis was 4.08 in third quarter of 2024 compared to 4.10 for the second quarter of 2024. Net interest margin during the third quarter declined 2 basis points from the linked quarter as flat asset yields combined with a favorable shift in funding mix to mostly offset a modest increase in the cost of deposits. 
 
 Interest income of 257.1 million increased 4.4 million, or 1.7 , in the third quarter of 2024 when compared to the second quarter of 2024 primarily due to a 120.6 million increase in average earning assets. Average earning assets were 15.3 billion for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 15.2 billion for the second quarter of 2024. The increase in earning assets was largely driven by a 93.1 million, or 0.8 , increase in average loan balances during the third quarter. 
 
 Interest expense of 101.6 million increased 2.2 million, or 2.2 , in the third quarter of 2024 when compared to the second quarter of 2024, largely due to higher interest rates coupled with increases in average interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by lower borrowings. The Company's total cost of interest bearing deposits increased 3 bp to 3.21 in the third quarter of 2024 as customers continued to migrate to higher cost accounts, and average deposit balances increased 166.2 million, or 1.2 , to 13.8 billion. The increase in average deposits was driven primarily by increases in money market accounts, retail CDs and a seasonal increase in public funds. Average borrowed funds decreased 117.5 million, or 10.0 , from the linked quarter. 
 
 To mitigate interest rate risk on certain variable-rate commercial loan pools, First Financial entered into interest rate collars and floors, which are designated as cash flow hedges. The structure of the interest rate collars is such that First Financial pays the counterparty an incremental amount if the collar index exceeds the cap rate. Conversely, First Financial receives an incremental amount if the index falls below the floor rate. No payments are required if the collar index falls between the cap and floor rates. The structure of First Financial's interest rate floors is such that First Financial receives an incremental amount if the index falls below the floor strike rate. No payments are required if the index remains above the floor strike rate. 
 
 The notional value of the Company's cash flow hedges was 1.0 billion as of September 30, 2024, with the 3.1 million change in the fair value recorded in AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Comparatively, the notional value of cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2023 was 1.0 billion with the 3.8 million change in fair value recorded in AOCI. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the maximum length of time over which the Company was hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows was 51 months and 60 months, respectively. 
 
 Year-to-date comparison: Net interest income for the first nine months of 2024 decreased 16.4 million, or 3.5 , compared to the same period of 2023. Net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis was 4.09 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which is a decrease of 36 bps when compared to the same period in 2023. This was driven by a 119 bp increase in the cost of average interest bearing deposits and a 33 bp increase in the cost of borrowed funds, which outpaced a 48 bp increase in earning asset yields. 
 
 Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 grew 86.0 million, or 12.9 , to 750.5 million compared to 664.6 million for the same period of the prior year due to higher interest rates and earning asset balances. Average earning assets of 15.1 billion for the first nine months of 2024 increased 696.3 million, or 4.8 , when compared to the same period of 2023, driven primarily by an 843.3 million, or 8.0 , increase in average loan balances, which more than offset a 347.5 million, or 9.8 , decrease in average investment securities. Additionally, the yield on earning assets increased 48 bps in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to higher interest rates. 
 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 292.9 million compared to 190.6 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase was driven by a 1.4 billion , or 15.0 , increase in average interest bearing deposits coupled with a 119 bp increase in rates on those deposits. The increase in deposit rates was driven by both higher interest rates as well as continued customer migration to higher cost products. Additionally, the cost of borrowed funds increased 33 bps from the same period in the prior year, which more than offset a 332.5 million, or 22.9 , decrease in average borrowings. 
 54 

Table of Content 

 CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST INCOME ANALYSIS 
 Quarterly Averages Year-to-Date Averages September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Interest Yield Balance Interest Yield Balance Interest Yield Balance Interest Yield Earning assets Investments Investment securities 3,274,498 34,983 4.24 3,131,541 32,999 4.23 3,181,575 99,370 4.18 3,529,119 105,725 4.01 Interest-bearing deposits with other banks 483,880 6,703 5.50 599,348 7,960 5.33 545,402 22,121 5.42 344,844 12,488 4.84 Gross loans and leases (1) 
 11,534,000 215,433 7.41 11,440,930 211,760 7.42 11,347,720 629,033 7.41 10,504,431 546,354 6.95 Total earning assets 15,292,378 257,119 6.67 15,171,819 252,719 6.68 15,074,697 750,524 6.66 14,378,394 664,567 6.18 Nonearning assets Allowance for credit losses (159,252) (147,666) (150,322) (144,149) Cash and due from banks 179,321 174,435 185,934 217,281 Accrued interest and other assets 2,541,744 2,529,663 2,520,065 2,502,652 Total assets 17,854,191 17,728,251 17,630,374 16,954,178 Interest-bearing liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing demand 2,914,934 15,919 2.17 2,888,252 14,923 2.07 2,899,707 45,734 2.11 2,913,737 27,908 1.28 Savings 4,694,923 34,220 2.89 4,617,658 33,142 2.88 4,571,236 96,848 2.83 3,829,802 41,536 1.45 Time 3,080,408 36,415 4.69 2,980,158 34,957 4.70 2,958,595 103,069 4.66 2,325,244 63,373 3.64 Total interest-bearing deposits 10,690,265 86,554 3.21 10,486,068 83,022 3.18 10,429,538 245,651 3.15 9,068,783 132,817 1.96 Borrowed funds Short-term borrowings 714,156 9,932 5.52 831,774 11,395 5.49 780,573 32,270 5.53 1,112,426 43,101 5.18 Long-term debt 339,581 5,073 5.93 339,472 4,991 5.90 340,513 14,992 5.89 341,162 14,644 5.74 Total borrowed funds 1,053,737 15,005 5.65 1,171,246 16,386 5.61 1,121,086 47,262 5.64 1,453,588 57,745 5.31 Total interest-bearing liabilities 11,744,002 101,559 3.43 11,657,314 99,408 3.42 11,550,624 292,913 3.39 10,522,371 190,562 2.42 Noninterest-bearing liabilities Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 3,106,239 3,144,198 3,139,939 3,702,189 Other liabilities 632,825 645,699 633,664 604,831 Shareholders' equity 2,371,125 2,281,040 2,306,147 2,124,787 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 17,854,191 17,728,251 17,630,374 16,954,178 Net interest income 155,560 153,311 457,611 474,005 Net interest spread 3.24 3.26 3.27 3.76 Contribution of noninterest-bearing sources of funds 0.81 0.80 0.78 0.65 Net interest margin (2) 
 4.05 4.06 4.05 4.41 Tax equivalent adjustment 0.03 0.04 0.04 0.04 Net interest margin (fully tax equivalent) (2) 
 4.08 4.10 4.09 4.45 
 (1) Loans held for sale and nonaccrual loans are included in gross loans. 
 (2) The net interest margin exceeds the interest spread as noninterest-bearing funding sources, demand deposits, other liabilities and shareholders' equity also support earning assets. 
 55 

Table of Content 

 RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS 
 
 The impact on net interest income from changes in interest rates and volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is illustrated in the table below: 
 
 Changes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 Changes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Linked quarter income variance Year-to-Date income variance (Dollars in thousands) Rate Volume Total Rate Volume Total Earning assets Investment securities 93 1,891 1,984 4,500 (10,855) (6,355) Interest-bearing deposits with other banks 252 (1,509) (1,257) 1,499 8,134 9,633 Gross loans and leases (1) 
 (388) 4,061 3,673 35,933 46,746 82,679 Total earning assets (43) 4,443 4,400 41,932 44,025 85,957 Interest-bearing liabilities Total interest-bearing deposits 956 2,576 3,532 80,784 32,050 112,834 Borrowed funds Short-term borrowings 47 (1,510) (1,463) 2,888 (13,719) (10,831) Long-term debt 25 57 82 377 (29) 348 Total borrowed funds 72 (1,453) (1,381) 3,265 (13,748) (10,483) Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,028 1,123 2,151 84,049 18,302 102,351 Net interest income 
 (1,071) 3,320 2,249 (42,117) 25,723 (16,394) 
 (1) Loans held for sale and nonaccrual loans are included in gross loans. 
 
 NONINTEREST INCOME 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts 7,547 7,188 21,647 20,443 Wealth management fees 6,910 7,172 20,758 19,990 Bankcard income 3,698 3,900 10,740 10,690 Client derivative fees 1,160 763 3,173 4,444 Foreign exchange income 12,048 16,787 39,270 45,321 Leasing business income 16,811 16,828 48,228 38,466 Net gain from sales of loans 5,021 4,479 13,284 10,260 Net gain (loss) on investment securities (17,468) (64) (22,719) (403) Other 9,974 4,448 19,333 16,218 Total noninterest income 45,701 61,501 153,714 165,429 
 
 Linked quarter comparison: Third quarter 2024 noninterest income was 45.7 million, decreasing 15.8 million, or 25.7 , compared to 61.5 million for the second quarter 2024. The decrease from the linked quarter was primarily driven by losses on investment securities and lower foreign exchange income, partially offset by higher other noninterest income. Losses on investment securities increased 17.4 million largely as a result of a 9.7 million impairment loss on two skilled nursing investments and 8.0 million of losses from sales of securities as the Company repositioned a portion of the portfolio. Foreign exchange income decreased 4.7 million, or 28.2 , as product demand eased from near-record levels in the prior quarter. Other noninterest income increased 5.5 million, or 124.2 , largely due to a 4.4 gain related to a deferred tax adjustment. 
 
 Year-to-date comparison: Noninterest income of 153.7 million for the first nine months of 2024 decreased 11.7 million, or 7.1 , from 165.4 million in the comparable period of 2023. The decline was primarily attributed to losses on investment securities, lower foreign exchange income and client derivative fees. These declines were partially offset by higher other noninterest income, gains on the sale of loans and service charge income. Losses on investment securities increased 22.3 million compared to the prior year due to a 9.7 million impairment loss and 13.2 million of losses resulting from the repositioning of a portion of the investment portfolio during 2024. Foreign exchange income decreased 6.1 million, or 13.4 , and client derivative fees decreased 1.3 million, or 28.6 , due to lower demand in 2024 compared to the prior period. Partially offsetting these declines, leasing business income increased 9.8 million, or 25.4 , due to continued balance growth at Summit. Other noninterest income increased 3.1 million, or 19.2 , due primarily to a 4.4 million gain related to a deferred 
 56 

Table of Content 

 tax adjustment. Gains on the sales of loans increased 3.0 million, or 29.5 , as mortgage demand increased in the current year as a result of stabilized interest rates, and service charges on deposits increased 1.2 million, or 5.9 , as a result of growth in deposit balances. 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Noninterest expenses Salaries and employee benefits 74,813 75,225 224,075 222,094 Net occupancy 5,919 5,793 17,635 17,100 Furniture and equipment 3,617 3,646 10,951 10,020 Data processing 8,857 8,877 26,039 27,364 Marketing 2,255 2,605 6,822 7,560 Communication 851 816 2,462 2,022 Professional services 2,303 2,885 7,456 6,778 State intangible tax 876 875 2,628 2,930 FDIC assessments 3,036 2,657 8,473 8,297 Intangible assets amortization 2,395 2,396 7,092 7,801 Leasing business expense 11,899 10,128 31,781 23,545 Other 8,938 7,671 26,274 23,841 Total noninterest expenses 125,759 123,574 371,688 359,352 
 
 Linked quarter comparison: Third quarter 2024 noninterest expense was 125.8 million, an increase of 2.2 million, or 1.8 , from 123.6 million for the second quarter 2024. This increase was primarily driven by higher leasing business expense and other noninterest expense, partially offset by lower professional services, salaries and benefits and marketing expenses. Leasing business expense increased 1.8 million, or 17.5 , due to the continued growth of the operating lease portfolio. Other noninterest expenses increased 1.3 million, or 16.5 , from the linked quarter primarily due to a 0.5 million supplemental contribution to the First Financial Foundation, as well as higher collection costs and fraud losses in the current quarter. Professional services decreased 0.6 million, or 20.2 , due to higher efficiency related costs in the linked quarter. Salaries and benefits expenses decreased 0.4 million, or 0.5 , from the linked quarter primarily due to the impact from the Company's ongoing efficiency initiatives. Marketing expenses decreased 0.4 million, or 13.4 , due to decreased promotional advertising during the current period. 
 
 Year-to-date comparison: Noninterest expenses of 371.7 million for the first nine months of 2024 increased 12.3 million, or 3.4 , compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher leasing business expenses, other noninterest expenses, salaries and benefits expenses, furniture and equipment costs and professional services, partially offset by lower data processing expenses. Leasing business expense increased 8.2 million, or 35.0 , as a result of the growth in the operating lease portfolio, while salaries and benefits expenses increased 2.0 million, or 0.9 , due to annual salary increases and the Agile acquisition. Other noninterest expenses increased 2.4 million, or 10.2 , primarily due to a 0.5 million increase in fraud losses compared to the prior year as well as a 0.5 million supplemental contribution ot the First Financial Foundation. Furniture and equipment costs increased 0.9 million, or 9.3 , due to the technology upgrades in the current year, while professional services increased 0.7 million, or 10.0 , from the prior year primarily due to an increase in consulting costs related to the Company's ongoing efficiency efforts. Partially offsetting these increases, data processing expenses decreased 1.3 million, or 4.8 , in the current year, largely due to expenses from the Company's 2023 online banking system conversion. 

INCOME TAXES 
 
 Linked quarter comparison: In the third quarter of 2024, First Financial recorded income tax expense of 12.4 million on pre-tax income of 64.9 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.2 . This compared to income tax expense of 14.0 million on pre-tax income of 74.8 million and an effective tax rate of 18.7 for the second quarter 2024. The higher effective tax rate in the third quarter is primarily driven by tax credit adjustments in the current period. 
 
 57 

Table of Content 

 Year-to-date comparison: For the first nine months of 2024, income tax expense was 37.5 million on pre-tax income of 201.4 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 18.6 . This compared to income tax expense of 48.1 million on pre-tax income of 247.2 million and an effective tax rate of 19.4 for the comparable period in 2023. The the lower effective tax rate in 2024 compared to 2023 is primarily driven by tax credits realized in the current year as well as lower taxable income. 
 
 The Company's effective tax rate may fluctuate from period to period due to changes in tax jurisdictions, forecasted income, tax-enhanced assets and tax credit investments. 

INVESTMENTS 
 
 First Financial's investment portfolio totaled 3.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and 3.2 billion at December 31, 2023, or 18.5 and 18.4 of total assets, respectively. AFS securities totaled 3.2 billion at September 30, 2024 and 3.0 billion at December 31, 2023, while HTM securities totaled 78.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 80.3 million at December 31, 2023. The effective duration of the investment portfolio was 4.3 years at September 30, 2024 and 4.6 years at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company invests in certain securities whose realization is dependent on future principal and interest repayments. As such, these securities carry a certain amount of credit risk. Prior to purchase, First Financial performs a detailed collateral and structural analysis on these securities and strategically invests in asset classes in which First Financial has expertise and experience, as well as a senior position in the capital structure. First Financial continuously monitors credit risk and geographic concentration risk in its evaluation of market opportunities that enhance the overall performance of the portfolio. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 17.5 million of losses on investment securities. This included 9.7 million of impairment losses on two commercial mortgage backed securities where the underlying collateral consisted of skilled nursing facilities with credit deterioration, which the Company anticipates selling in the near term, as well as 8.0 million of losses from the repositioning of a small portion of the investment portfolio. The impairment losses were related to certain AFS securities in unrealized loss positions with credit deterioration where the Company determined that it no longer intends to hold the securities until the recovery of the amortized cost bases and, as such, these securities were written down to fair value, inclusive of credit and other fair value adjustments. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company realized 22.7 million of losses on investment securities, which compares to 0.4 million million for the same period in the prior year. The losses in 2024 included the previously mentioned 9.7 million of impairment losses, as well as a total of 13.2 million of losses on the sale of investment securities resulting from the strategic repositioning of a portion of the investment portfolio. The repositioning included the sale of 372.2 million of securities and is expected to increase future yields. The losses incurred from the repositioning were partially offset by 2.2 million of gains recognized from the sale of the Company's remaining Class B Visa shares in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements reflected a 203.6 million and 282.0 million unrealized after-tax loss on debt securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These unrealized losses were included as a component of equity in accumulated other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were primarily driven by multiple interest rate increases from November 2022 through July 2023. The unrealized losses of 203.6 million as of September 30, 2024 declined from 291.1 million as of June 30, 2024, largely due to the decrease in interest rates in the final month of the third quarter. 
 
 The Company had net unrealized losses of 6.9 million and 8.6 million on its HTM securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Similar to the unrealized losses on AFS securities, this unrealized loss was driven by interest rate increases. The unrealized losses on HTM securities have no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. 
 
 The Company had a 0.2 million unrealized gain on equity securities recorded in noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 0.1 million unrealized loss for the three months ended June 30, 2024. For the first nine months of 2024, the Company had 0.3 million of unrealized gains on equity securities versus an insignificant unrealized gain for the same period of 2023. 
 
 First Financial will continue to monitor loan demand and deposit activity, as well as balance sheet composition, capital sensitivity and the interest rate environment, when considering future investment strategies. 

LOANS AND LEASES 
 
 58 

Table of Content 

 Excluding loans held for sale, loan balances increased 619.9 million, or 5.7 , to 11.6 billion as of September 30, 2024 from 10.9 billion as of December 31, 2023. Construction loans increased 237.4 million, or 42.0 , to 802.3 million; C I loans increased 177.3 million, or 5.1 , to 3.7 billion; finance leases increased by 112.6 million, or 23.7 , to 587.4 million; 
 residential real estate loans increased by 88.5 million, or 6.6 , to 1.4 billion; and home equity increased 66.8 million, or 8.8 , to 825.4 million. Partially offsetting these areas of loan growth, installment loans decreased 17.8 million, or 11.2 , to 141.3 million; and commercial real estate loans decreased 46.1 million, or 1.1 , to 4.0 billion. 
 
 Third quarter 2024 average loans of 11.5 billion, excluding loans held for sale, increased 90.7 million, or 0.8 , from the second quarter 2024. The growth over the linked quarter included an increase of 80.0 million, or 11.7 in construction real estate; an increase of 40.9 million, or 8.0 , in lease financing; an increase of 38.8 million, or 2.9 , in residential real estate; an increase of 20.9 million, or 2.6 , in home equity; and an increase of 7.7 million, or 0.2 , in C I. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 86.8 million, or 2.1 , in CRE; a decrease of 8.7 million, or 5.7 , in installment; and a decrease of 2.0 million, or 3.0 , in Credit card. 
 
 Through the first nine months of 2024, average loans of 11.3 billion, excluding loans held for sale, increased 840.1 million, or 8.0 , from the comparable period of 2023. The increase from prior year reflected broad-based growth across most loan categories, including an increase of 204.7 million, or 5.9 , in C I loans; an increase of 197.5 million, or 62.4 , in lease financing; an increase of 179.8 million, or 15.2 in residential real estate; an increase of 150.0 million, or 28.1 , in real estate construction; an increase of 71.5 million, or 1.8 , in CRE; an increase of 59.2 million, or 8.1 , in home equity; and an increase of 7.2 million or 12.2 , in Credit card. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease of 29.8 million, or 16.5 , in installment loans. 
 
 In an effort to mitigate credit risk, First Financial routinely reviews its loan portfolio for various concentrations. These reviews consider the Bank's collateral position as well as exposure to a given industry sector. First Financial believes that the loan portfolio is sufficiently diversified to provide protection from deterioration in any particular industry or devaluation of a specific collateral type. The following tables, C I and Owner Occupied Loans by Sector and Investor CRE Loans by property type, provide additional detail behind the Company's C I and CRE loan portfolios as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 C I and Owner Occupied CRE Loans by Sector (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 of Total Loans NAICS Sector Finance and Insurance 1,236,466 10.7 Manufacturing 496,338 4.3 Accommodation and Food Services 307,988 2.7 Construction 289,894 2.5 Health Care and Social Assistance 275,326 2.4 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing 262,835 2.3 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 259,020 2.2 Retail Trade 241,990 2.1 Wholesale Trade 203,783 1.8 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting 167,645 1.5 Transportation and Warehousing 150,739 1.3 Other Services (except Public Administration) 145,700 1.3 Administrative and Support and Waste Management 139,456 1.2 Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation 80,749 0.7 Information 74,701 0.6 Public Administration 54,561 0.5 Other 276,561 2.4 Total 4,663,752 40.4 
 (1) Excludes loan marks and loans in process 
 
 59 

Table of Content 

 Investor CRE Loans by Property Type (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 of Total Loans Property Type Residential Multi Family 5+ 892,217 7.7 Retail Property 744,735 6.4 Office 413,226 3.6 Industrial 336,041 2.9 Hospital/Nursing Home 202,069 1.7 Hotel 187,100 1.6 Land 102,231 0.9 Residential 1-4 Family 75,422 0.7 Industrial 54,785 0.5 Other 47,360 0.4 Total 3,055,186 26.4 
 (1) Excludes loan marks and loans in process 
 
 Additionally, given the potential for stress related to commercial office space, First Financial performed a targeted review of its exposure to this sector. As of September 30, 2024, First Financial had 413.2 million of loans collateralized by non-owner occupied office space, which represents 3.6 of the total loan portfolio. The overall LTV of the portfolio at origination was strong, and 66.8 of the portfolio is located in suburban locations. Additionally, the majority of the portfolio is secured by Class A and Class B assets with recourse from the sponsor. As of September 30, 2024, 77.8 of the office portfolio was pass rated, and there were two relationships totaling 17.3 million on nonaccrual status. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments to extend credit and financial guarantees. Loan commitments are agreements to extend credit to a client absent any violation of any condition established in the commitment agreement. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. First Financial had outstanding commitments to extend credit, including overdraft lending lines, totaling 4.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and 4.5 billion at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled 100.1 million while commitments with variable interest rates totaled 4.0 billion. At December 31, 2023, commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled 108.2 million while commitments with variable interest rates totaled 4.4 billion. The fixed rate commitments have interest rates ranging f rom 0 to 21 and maturities ranging from less than one year to 31.0 years at September 30, 2024 and maturities ranging from less than one year to 31.6 years for December 31, 2023. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by First Financial to guarantee the performance of a client to a third party. First Financial s letters of credit consist primarily of performance assurances made on behalf of clients who have a contractual commitment to produce or deliver goods or services. First Financial has issued letters of credit aggregating 60.9 million and 34.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management conducts regular reviews of these instruments on an individual client basis. 
 
 First Financial is a party in risk participation transactions of interest rate swaps, which had total notional amount of 323.8 million and 341.7 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Under a risk participation agreement, the Company either assumes or sells a portion of the credit exposure associated with an interest rate swap with a counterparty. The Company's exposure is limited to instances where the loan customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the interest rate swap agreement. 
 
 First Financial is a limited partner in several tax-advantaged limited partnerships whose purpose is to invest in approved qualified affordable housing, renewable energy, or other renovation or community revitalization projects. These investments are included in accrued interest and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with any unfunded commitments included in accrued interest and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2024, First Financial expects to recover its remaining investments through the use of the tax credits that are generated by the investments. First Financial had 
 60 

Table of Content 

 unfunded commitments related to tax credit investments of 83.5 million and 96.4 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, as part of the ordinary course of business, First Financial and its subsidiaries are parties to litigation, including claims to the ownership of funds in particular accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, foreclosure interests that are incidental to our regular business activities and other matters. While the ultimate liability with respect to these litigation matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, First Financial believes that damages, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters are not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated as of September 30, 2024. Reserves are established for these various matters of litigation, when appropriate, under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies , based in part upon the advice of legal counsel. First Financial had no reserves related to litigation matters as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

ASSET QUALITY AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 Loans are classified as nonaccrual when, in the opinion of management, collection of principal and interest is doubtful or when payments are 90 days or more past due. Generally, loans are classified as nonaccrual due to a borrower's continued failure to adhere to contractual payment terms, coupled with other pertinent factors. When a loan is placed into nonaccrual status, any unpaid accrued interest is reversed and the recognition of interest income is suspended. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans were 65.4 million, or 0.57 of total loans, as of September 30, 2024, reflecting a 0.3 million, or 0.5 , decline from 65.8 million as of December 31, 2023. Nonperforming assets, which consist of nonaccrual loans and OREO, were 65.5 million, or 0.36 of total assets, at September 30, 2024 compared to 65.9 million, or 0.38 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Classified assets, which are defined by the Company as nonperforming assets plus performing loans internally rated substandard or worse, totaled 206.2 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 141.0 million at December 31, 2023. Classified assets were 114 bps as a percentage of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 80 bps as of December 31, 2023. The 65.2 million increase in classified assets during the period was primarily due to the downgrade of seven large relationships with no concentration in any particular loan type. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses. The ACL is a reserve accumulated on the Consolidated Balance Sheets through the recognition of the provision for loan and lease losses. First Financial records provision expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income to maintain the ACL at a level considered sufficient to absorb expected credit losses for financial assets in the portfolio over their expected remaining lives with consideration given to current and forward-looking information. 
 
 The recorded adjustments to remove or reduce values of the loans and leases from the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to credit deterioration are referred to as charge-offs. First Financial's policy is to charge-off all or a portion of a loan when, in management's opinion, it is unlikely to collect the principal amount owed in full either through payments from the borrower or from the liquidation of collateral. All loans charged-off are subject to continuous review and concerted efforts are made to maximize any recovery. In most cases, the borrower s debt obligation is not canceled even though the loan balance may have been charged-off. Actual losses on loans and leases are posted against the ACL as a charge-off. Any subsequent collection of a previously charged-off loan is credited back to the ACL as a recovery. 
 
 Management estimates the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience paired with economic forecasts provide the basis for the quantitatively modeled estimation of expected credit losses. First Financial adjusts its quantitative model, as necessary, to reflect conditions not already considered therein. These adjustments are commonly known as the Qualitative Framework. The evaluation of these factors is the responsibility of the ACL committee, which is comprised of senior officers from the risk management, credit administration, finance and lending areas. 
 
 The Company utilized the Moody's September baseline forecast as its R S forecast in the quantitative model at September 30, 2024. For reasonableness, the Company also considered the impact to the model from alternative prepayment speeds and more adverse economic forecasts. These alternative analyses were utilized to inform the Company's qualitative adjustments. Additionally, First Financial considered its credit exposure to certain industries believed to be at risk for future credit stress, such as franchise, hotel and investor commercial real estate lending, when making qualitative adjustments to the ACL model. 
 
 The total ACL, which includes both funded and unfunded reserves, was 176.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 159.9 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 61 

Table of Content 

 ACL - loans and leases. The ACL on loans and leases was 158.8 million as of September 30, 2024 and 141.4 million as of December 31, 2023. As a percentage of period-end loans, the ACL was 1.37 as of September 30, 2024 and 1.29 as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the ACL was primarily driven by loan growth and credit migration. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded net charge-offs of 7.3 million, or 25 bps of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, compared to net charge-offs of 4.2 million, or 15 bps, for the second quarter of 2024. The charge-offs in the third quarter included a 3.6 million loss on a single C I customer. Through the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded net charge-offs of 22.1 million, or 26 bps on an annualized basis, compared to net charge-offs of 22.0 million, or 28 bps on an annualized basis, for the same period of 2023. 
 
 The ACL as a percentage of nonaccrual loans was 242.7 at September 30, 2024 and 215.1 at December 31, 2023. The increase in this ratio was driven primarily by the increase in the reserve during the period, along with a slight decrease in nonaccrual loan balances. 
 
 Provision expense is a product of the Company's ACL model combined with net charge-off activity during the period. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded 9.9 million of provision expense for loans and leases compared to 16.2 million during the second quarter of 2024. Through the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded a provision expense of 39.5 million compared to 34.3 million for the same period of 2023. 
 
 ACL - unfunded commitments. The ACL on unfunded commitments was 17.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and 18.4 million as of December 31, 2023. First Financial recorded 0.7 million of provision expense for credit losses on unfunded commitments for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 0.3 million of provision expense in the second quarter 2024. Through the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded a provision recapture of 1.3 million and provision recapture of 1.4 million for the same period of 2023. 
 
 See Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of First Financial's ACL. 
 
 The table that follows includes the activity in the ACL for the quarterly periods presented. 
 Three months ended Nine months ended 2024 2023 September 30, (Dollars in thousands) Sep. 30, June 30, Mar. 31, Dec. 31, Sep. 30, 2024 2023 Allowance for credit loss activity Balance at beginning of period 156,185 144,274 141,433 145,201 148,646 141,433 132,977 Provision for loan losses 9,930 16,157 13,419 8,804 12,907 39,506 34,270 Gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial 5,471 2,149 2,695 6,866 9,207 10,315 12,309 Lease financing 368 190 3 4,244 76 561 179 Construction real estate 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Commercial real estate 261 2 5,319 1 6,008 5,582 8,722 Residential real estate 60 6 65 9 10 131 30 Home equity 90 122 25 174 54 237 166 Installment 1,510 2,034 2,236 2,054 1,349 5,780 4,388 Credit card 768 532 794 363 319 2,094 810 Total gross charge-offs 8,528 5,035 11,137 13,711 17,023 24,700 26,604 Recoveries Commercial and industrial 434 236 162 459 335 832 1,075 Lease financing 11 1 59 52 1 71 3 Construction real estate 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Commercial real estate 25 137 38 93 39 200 2,430 Residential real estate 22 37 24 24 44 83 223 Home equity 240 118 80 178 125 438 437 Installment 421 219 145 210 87 785 231 Credit card 91 41 51 123 40 183 159 
 62 

Table of Content 

 Three months ended Nine months ended 2024 2023 September 30, (Dollars in thousands) Sep. 30, June 30, Mar. 31, Dec. 31, Sep. 30, 2024 2023 Total recoveries 1,244 789 559 1,139 671 2,592 4,558 Total net charge-offs 7,284 4,246 10,578 12,572 16,352 22,108 22,046 Ending allowance for credit losses 158,831 156,185 144,274 141,433 145,201 158,831 145,201 Net charge-offs to average loans and leases (annualized) Commercial and industrial 0.54 0.21 0.29 0.74 1.02 0.35 0.43 Lease financing 0.26 0.15 (0.05) 3.97 0.08 0.13 0.07 Construction real estate 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Commercial real estate 0.02 (0.01) 0.52 (0.01) 0.59 0.18 0.21 Residential real estate 0.01 (0.01) 0.01 0.00 (0.01) 0.00 (0.02) Home equity (0.07) 0.00 (0.03) 0.00 (0.04) (0.03) (0.05) Installment 3.03 4.81 5.33 4.57 3.05 4.42 3.08 Credit card 4.13 2.94 4.59 1.49 1.82 3.88 1.48 Total net charge-offs 0.25 0.15 0.38 0.46 0.61 0.26 0.28 Nonperforming assets Nonaccrual loans 65,439 62,673 59,237 65,753 74,941 65,439 74,941 Other real estate owned 30 30 161 106 142 30 142 Total nonperforming assets 65,469 62,703 59,398 65,859 75,083 65,469 75,083 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 463 1,573 820 2,028 698 463 698 Total underperforming assets 65,932 64,276 60,218 67,887 75,781 65,932 75,781 Total classified assets 206,194 195,277 162,348 140,995 140,552 206,194 140,552 Credit quality ratios As a percent of period-end loans, net of unearned income: Allowance for credit losses 1.37 1.36 1.29 1.29 1.36 1.37 1.36 Nonaccrual loans 0.57 0.54 0.53 0.60 0.70 0.57 0.70 Nonperforming loans 0.57 0.54 0.53 0.60 0.70 0.57 0.70 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 242.72 249.21 243.55 215.10 193.75 242.72 193.75 

DEPOSITS AND FUNDING 
 
 Total deposits were 13.9 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 587.0 million, or 4.4 , from December 31, 2023. With the elevation of interest rates, the Company's deposit mix continued to shift to higher cost interest-bearing deposit balances, specifically money market accounts, retail CDs and brokered CDs, with lower transaction deposit balances. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, time deposits increased 526.5 million, or 19.4 , and savings deposits increased 379.0 million, or 8.8 , while noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 210.3 million, or 6.3 , and interest-bearing demand deposits decreased 108.2 million, or 3.6 . 
 
 Average deposits for the third quarter of 2024 were 13.8 billion, an increase of 166.2 million, or 1.2 , from 13.6 billion for the second quarter of 2024. Consistent with the previously noted shift in customer preferences, average savings deposits increased 77.3 million, or 1.7 , and average time deposits increased 100.3 million, or 3.4 , from the linked quarter. Additionally, average interest-bearing demand deposits increased 26.7 million, or 0.9 , from the prior quarter. These increases were partially offset by a 38.0 million, or 1.2 , decrease in average noninterest-bearing deposits and a 40.5 million, or 2.0 , seasonal decrease in public funds. 
 
 63 

Table of Content 

 Through the first nine months of 2024, average deposits increased 798.5 million, or 6.3 , when compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 Uninsured deposit balances were 5.3 billion, or 38.3 of total deposits, as of September 30, 2024. The Company reviews uninsured deposits for concentration risk, and typically evaluates this risk by excluding public funds and intercompany deposits to arrive at an adjusted uninsured deposit amount. As such, excluding public funds and intercompany accounts, adjusted uninsured deposits were 3.3 billion, or 23.9 of total deposits, at the end of the third quarter. 
 
 First Financial maintains diverse funding sources, including Fed Funds, the Fed discount window, brokered CDs, FHLB borrowings and deposit placement services. The Company believes this diversity and related capacity provide sufficient flexibility to respond to any event that would stress its deposit balances. 
 
 Borrowed funds were 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024 compared to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2023. Borrowings decreased as deposit growth satisfied the Company's funding needs. First Financial had total short-term borrowings of 811.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and 937.8 million as of December 31, 2023. Short-term borrowings with the FHLB were 765.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 800.0 million at December 31, 2023. There were no federal funds purchased included in short-term borrowings at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Long-term debt, which may include subordinated notes, FRB/FHLB long-term advances or other borrowings, was 344.1 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Outstanding subordinated debt totaled 313.2 million as of September 30, 2024 and 312.6 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 First Financial had no FHLB long-term advances at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. First Financial's total remaining borrowing capacity from the FHLB was 513.9 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 See Note 8 Borrowings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of First Financial's borrowed funds. 

LIQUIDITY 
 
 Liquidity management is the process by which First Financial manages the continuing flow of funds necessary to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. These funding commitments include withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, shareholder dividends, share repurchases, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Liquidity is derived primarily from deposit growth, principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities, maturing loans and investment securities, and access to wholesale funding sources. 
 
 First Financial s most stable source of liability-funded liquidity for both long and short-term needs is deposit growth and retention of the core deposit base. In addition to core deposit funding, First Financial also utilizes a variety of other short and long-term funding sources, which include subordinated notes, longer-term advances from the FRB and FHLB and its short-term line of credit. 
 
 Both First Financial and the Bank received investment grade credit ratings from Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc, an independent rating agency. These credit ratings impact the cost and availability of financing to First Financial, and a downgrade to these credit ratings could affect First Financial's or the Bank s ability to access the credit markets and potentially increase borrowing costs, negatively impacting financial condition and liquidity. Key factors in maintaining high credit ratings include consistent and diverse earnings, strong credit quality and capital ratios, diverse funding sources and disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures. The ratings of First Financial and the Bank at September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 First Financial Bancorp First Financial Bank Senior Unsecured Debt BBB+ A- Subordinated Debt BBB BBB+ Short-Term Debt K2 K2 Deposit N/A A- Short-Term Deposit N/A K2 
 
 64 

Table of Content 

 For ease of borrowing execution, First Financial utilizes a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLB. First Financial pledged 6.2 billion of certain eligible residential, commercial and farm real estate loans, home equity lines of credit and government, agency, and CMBS securities as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 First Financial's principal source of asset-funded liquidity is marketable investment securities, particularly those of shorter maturities. AFS securities were 97.6 and 97.4 of the total investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The market value of investment securities classified as AFS totaled 3.2 billion at September 30, 2024 and 3.0 billion at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, 1.8 billion of AFS securities were unpledged and there were 1.4 billion of securities available to be sold at breakeven. Additionally, 490.3 million of AFS securities have floating rates and could be sold with minimal losses at September 30, 2024. 
 
 HTM securities that are maturing within a short period of time can be an additional source of liquidity. As of bot h September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no HTM securities maturing within one year. 
 
 In total, First Financial expects 680.9 million of cash flows from its investment portfolio in the next 12 months. 
 
 Other sources of liquidity include interest-bearing deposits with other banks. At September 30, 2024, these balances totaled 660.6 million. Additionally, First Financial had unused and available overnight wholesale funding sources of 4.6 billion, or 25.3 of total assets, to satisfy the liquidity needs of the Company. 
 
 First Financial also has a 40.0 million short-term credit facility with an unaffiliated bank that matures in December, 2024. This facility has a variable interest rate and provides First Financial additional liquidity, if needed, for various corporate activities including the repurchase of First Financial common stock and the payment of dividends to shareholders. First Financial had no outstanding balance on this short-term credit facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The credit agreement requires First Financial to comply with certain covenants including those related to asset quality and capital levels, and First Financial was in compliance with all covenants associated with this facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. This credit facility also required First Financial to pledge as collateral the Bank's common stock where the lender is granted a security interest in this collateral. 
 
 Certain restrictions exist regarding the Bank's ability to transfer funds to First Financial in the form of cash dividends, loans, other assets or advances and the approval of the Bank's primary federal regulator is required to pay dividends in excess of regulatory limitations. Dividends paid to First Financial from the Bank totaled 150.0 million for the first nine months of 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had retained earnings of 956.9 million, of which 234.1 million was available for distribution to the Bancorp without prior regulatory approval. As an additional source of liquidity, First Financial had 193.9 million in cash at the parent company as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Share repurchases also impact First Financial's liquidity. For further information regarding share repurchases, see the Capital section that follows. 
 
 Capital expenditures were 14.1 million and 18.1 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Management believes sufficient liquidity exists to fund its future capital expenditure commitments. 
 
 Management is not aware of any other events or regulatory requirements that, if implemented, are likely to have a material effect on First Financial s liquidity. 

CAPITAL 
 
 Risk-based capital. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System approved Basel III in order to strengthen the regulatory capital framework for all banking organizations, subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions. Basel III established and defined quantitative measures to ensure capital adequacy. These measures require First Financial to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Common equity Tier 1 capital, Total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to average assets (Leverage ratio). 
 
 Basel III includes a minimum ratio of Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 7.0 and includes a fully phased-in capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. Further, the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets is 8.5 and all banks are subject to a 4.0 minimum leverage ratio, while the minimum required Total risk-based capital ratio is 10.5 . Failure to maintain the required Common equity Tier 1 capital will result in potential restrictions on a bank s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and pay discretionary compensation to its employees. The capital 
 65 

Table of Content 

 requirements also provide strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments and change the method for calculating risk-weighted assets in an effort to better identify riskier assets, such as highly volatile commercial real estate and nonaccrual loans. 
 
 First Financial's tier 1 capital increased 31 bps to 12.37 at September 30, 2024 compared to 12.06 at December 31, 2023, while the total capital ratio increased to 14.58 at September 30, 2024 compared to 14.26 at December 31, 2023. The leverage ratio increased to 9.93 at September 30, 2024 from 9.70 at December 31, 2023. The Company s tangible common equity ratio increased to 7.98 at September 30, 2024 from 7.17 at December 31, 2023, while the Company's tangible book value per share increased to 14.26 at September 30, 2024 from 12.38 at December 31, 2023. These increases are primarily a result of the Company's strong earnings and improvement in AOCI due to fewer unrealized losses on the investment securities portfolio resulting from lower interest rates. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, management believes that First Financial met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject. The Company's most recent regulatory notifications categorized First Financial as "well-capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There have been no conditions or events since those notifications that management believes have changed the Company's categorization. Total regulatory capital exceeded the minimum requirement by 563.3 million on a consolidated basis at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following tables present the actual and required capital amounts and ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 under the Basel III Capital Rules and include the minimum required capital levels based on the phase-in provisions of the Basel III Capital Rules. Capital levels required to be considered "well capitalized" are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules. 
 Actual Minimum capital required - Basel III PCA requirement to be considered well capitalized (Dollars in thousands) Capital amount Ratio Capital amount Ratio Capital amount Ratio September 30, 2024 Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 1,661,759 12.04 966,051 7.00 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,727,245 12.52 965,544 7.00 896,576 6.50 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 1,706,796 12.37 1,173,062 8.50 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,727,777 12.53 1,172,446 8.50 1,103,479 8.00 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 2,012,349 14.58 1,449,076 10.50 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,891,991 13.72 1,448,316 10.50 1,379,348 10.00 Leverage ratio Consolidated 1,706,796 9.93 687,540 4.00 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,727,777 10.06 687,250 4.00 859,063 5.00 
 66 

Table of Content 

 Actual Minimum capital required - Basel III PCA requirement to be considered well capitalized (Dollars in thousands) Capital amount Ratio Capital amount Ratio Capital amount Ratio December 31, 2023 Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 1,568,815 11.73 936,192 7.00 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,701,338 12.73 935,746 7.00 868,907 6.50 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 1,613,480 12.06 1,136,805 8.50 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,701,840 12.73 1,136,263 8.50 1,069,424 8.00 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 1,907,441 14.26 1,404,289 10.50 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,830,677 13.69 1,403,619 10.50 1,336,780 10.00 Leverage ratio Consolidated 1,613,480 9.70 665,125 4.00 N/A N/A First Financial Bank 1,701,840 10.24 664,781 4.00 830,976 5.00 
 
 Shareholder dividends. First Financial paid a dividend of 0.24 per common share on September 16, 2024 to shareholders of record as of September 2, 2024. Additionally, First Financial's board of directors authorized a dividend of 0.24 per common share, payable on December 16, 2024 to shareholders of record as of December 2, 2024. 
 
 Share repurchases. First Financial's board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan (the 2024 Stock Repurchase Plan) effective January 1, 2024, replacing the 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan which became effective in January 2022. The 2024 Stock Repurchase Plan continues for two years and authorized the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock and will expire December 31, 2025. First Financial did not repurchase any shares under this plan in during 2024. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, all 5,000,000 common shares remained available for repurchase under the 2024 Stock Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Shareholders' equity. Total shareholders equity was 2.5 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2.3 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase from year-end was due the the Company's earnings as well as improvement in AOCI due to lower interest rates. 
 
 For further detail, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity. 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 First Financial manages risk through a structured ERM approach that routinely assesses the overall level of risk, identifies specific risks and evaluates specific actions to mitigate those risks. First Financial continues to enhance its risk management capabilities and has embedded risk awareness into the culture of the Company. First Financial has identified the following types of risk that it monitors in its ERM framework: credit, market (composed of interest rate, liquidity, capital, foreign exchange and financial risk), operational, compliance, strategic, reputation, information technology, cyber and legal. 
 
 For a full discussion of these risks, see the Enterprise Risk Management section in Management's Discussion and Analysis in First Financial s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The sections that follow provide additional discussion related to credit risk and market risk. 
 
 67 

Table of Content 

 CREDIT RISK 
 
 Credit risk represents the risk of loss due to failure of a customer or counterparty to meet its financial obligations in accordance with contractual terms. First Financial manages credit risk through its underwriting process, periodically reviewing and approving its credit exposures using credit policies and guidelines approved by the board of directors. 

MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The primary sources of market risk for First Financial are interest rate risk and liquidity risk. 
 
 Interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and the value of the Company's equity arising from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises in the normal course of business to the extent that there is a divergence between the amount of interest-earning assets and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities that are prepaid, withdrawn, re-priced or mature in specified periods. First Financial seeks to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and equity while managing volatility from shifts in market interest rates, while operating within acceptable limits established for interest rate risk and maintaining adequate levels of funding and liquidity. 
 
 Potential cash flows, sales, or replacement value of many of our assets and liabilities, especially those that earn or pay interest, are sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates. This interest rate risk arises primarily from our normal business activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. Many factors affect our exposure to changes in interest rates, such as general economic and financial conditions, client preferences, historical pricing relationships, and re-pricing characteristics of financial instruments. The Company's earnings can also be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. 
 
 In managing interest rate risk, the Company establishes guidelines and strategies for asset and liability management, including measurement of short and long-term sensitivities to changes in interest rates, through our internal Balance Sheet Strategies and Asset Liability Committee, which is comprised of senior officers from the treasury, risk management, credit administration, finance and lending areas. These guidelines and strategies are also reviewed with the Capital Markets Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. 
 
 First Financial monitors its interest rate risk position using income simulation models and EVE sensitivity analyses that capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposure. Income simulation involves forecasting NII under a variety of interest rate scenarios. EVE is calculated by discounting the cash flows for all balance sheet instruments under different interest rate scenarios. First Financial uses EVE sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in interest rates on long-term cash flows, income and capital. For both NII and EVE modeling, First Financial leverages instantaneous parallel shocks to evaluate interest rate risk exposure across rising and falling rate scenarios. Additional scenarios evaluated include various non-parallel yield curve twists. 
 
 First Financial s interest rate risk models are based on the contractual and assumed cash flows and repricing characteristics for the Company s assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet exposure. A number of assumptions are also incorporated into the interest rate risk models, including prepayment behaviors and repricing spreads for assets in addition to attrition and repricing rates for liabilities. Assumptions are primarily derived from behavior studies of the Company s historical client base and are continually refined. Modeling the sensitivity of NII and EVE to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on the assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. 
 
 Non-maturity deposit modeling is particularly dependent on the assumption for repricing sensitivity known as a beta. Beta is the amount by which First Financial s interest bearing non-maturity deposit rates will increase when short-term interest rates rise. The Company utilized a weighted average deposit beta of 44 in its interest rate risk modeling as of September 30, 2024. First Financial also includes an assumption for the migration of non-maturity deposit balances into CDs for all upward rate scenarios beginning with the +100 bps scenario, thereby increasing deposit costs and reducing asset sensitivity. 
 
 Presented below is the estimated impact on First Financial s NII and EVE position as of September 30, 2024, assuming immediate, parallel shifts in interest rates: 
 68 

Table of Content 

 Change from base case for immediate parallel changes in rates -100 bps +100 bps +200 bps NII-Year 1 (5.39) 3.57 5.11 NII-Year 2 (4.56) 2.84 3.14 EVE (1.50) 0.88 0.77 
 
 Risk-neutral refers to the absence of a strong bias toward either asset or liability sensitivity. Asset sensitivity is when a company's interest-earning assets reprice more quickly or in greater quantities than interest-bearing liabilities. Conversely, liability sensitivity is when a company's interest-bearing liabilities reprice more quickly or in greater quantities than interest-earning assets. In a rising interest rate environment, asset sensitivity results in higher net interest income while liability sensitivity results in lower net interest income. In a declining interest rate environment, asset sensitivity results in lower net interest income while liability sensitivity results in higher net interest income. 
 
 The projected results for NII and EVE reflect an asset sensitive position, due to a strong funding mix of low cost transactional deposits supporting loans priced primarily off the short end of the rate curve. The difference in sensitivity between the down and up rate scenarios is driven by an assumed compositional shift in funding makeup. First Financial continues to manage its balance sheet with a bias toward asset sensitivity while simultaneously balancing the potential earnings impact of this strategy. 
 
 First Financial continually evaluates the sensitivity of its interest rate risk position to modeling assumptions. The following table reflects First Financial s estimated NII sensitivity profile as of September 30, 2024 assuming a 25 increase and a 25 reduction to the beta assumption on managed rate deposits: 
 Beta sensitivity change from base) +100 BP +200 BP Beta 25 lower Beta 25 higher Beta 25 lower Beta 25 higher NII-Year 1 4.78 2.36 6.27 3.94 NII-Year 2 4.01 1.67 4.26 2.01 
 
 See the Net Interest Income section of Management s Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 
 
 Liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the potential that an entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets, or obtain funding or that it cannot easily unwind or offset exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions. Management focuses on maintaining and enhancing liquidity by maximizing collateral-based liquidity availability. First Financial manages liquidity in relation to the trend and stability of deposits; degree and reliance on short-term, volatile sources of funds, including any undue reliance on borrowings or brokered deposits to fund longer-term assets. Management identifies, measures, monitors and manages liquidity while seeking to maintain diversification of funding sources, both on- and off-balance-sheet. 
 
 Management, including the Balance Sheet Strategies and Asset Liability Committee, monitors liquidity through a regular review of asset and liability maturities, funding sources, and loan and deposit forecasts. The Company continually refines and updates its liquidity risk management processes, such as refining the contingency funding plan, meeting frequently, and securing additional contingent borrowing capacity. The Company maintains strategic and contingency liquidity plans to ensure sufficient available funding to satisfy requirements for balance sheet growth, properly manage capital market funding sources and to address unexpected liquidity requirements. 
 
 Management closely monitors the usage of excess business deposits, the balance of personal deposits and the broader macroeconomic environment. This monitoring includes consideration of various metrics and establishment of internal thresholds related to balance sheet composition, borrowing composition, and liquidity composition. Balance sheet composition metrics reviewed include the loan to deposit, loans to total assets and core deposits to total assets ratios among others. Borrowing composition monitoring includes, but is not limited to, consideration of borrowing capacity as a percentage of total assets, brokered CDs as a percentage of total assets and Fed funds lines to total assets. Liquidity composition ratios include remaining liquidity to total assets, and tier 1 liquidity sources as a percentage of both 30 and 90 day maturing liabilities, among others. As of September 30, 2024, all metrics reviewed were within the Company's policy limits. 
 
 69 

Table of Content 

 The Company utilizes its contingency funding plan to assess the ability of the Company to successfully navigate significant liquidity events. The contingency funding plan considers various sources of liquidity, including loan and deposit growth rates, decreasing access to secured and unsecured wholesale funding sources and declining financial performance, to determine First Financial s ability to meet liquidity requirements over certain time horizons and in certain stress scenarios. The contingency funding plan also includes the process for creating a Contingency Funding Task Force. During a liquidity crisis, the CFTF, via the Balance Sheet Strategies and Asset Liability Committee, would assess and identify key mitigation strategies needed for addressing a liquidity crisis. These mitigation strategies would be assigned to appropriate personnel for implementation with established targets and reporting requirements. Typical mitigation strategies would include, but not be limited to, curtailing loan originations, pricing options for stabilizing/growing deposits, options for expanding wholesale funding sources, and asset liquidation options. 
 
 For further discussion of the Company's liquidity, please see the Liquidity section within Management's Discussion and Analysis. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 First Financial s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared based on the application of the Company's accounting policies. These policies require the reliance on estimates and assumptions which are inherently subjective and may be susceptible to significant change. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions or estimates could have a material impact on First Financial s future financial condition and results of operations. In management s opinion, some of these estimates and assumptions have a more significant impact than others on First Financial s financial reporting. For First Financial, these estimates and assumptions include accounting for the ACL - loans and leases, goodwill, pension and income taxes. The estimates and assumptions are discussed in detail in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Management s Discussion and Analysis in First Financial s 2023 Annual Report. There were no changes to the accounting estimates and assumptions for the ACL, goodwill, pension or income taxes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

ACCOUNTING AND REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 Note 2 - Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Standards in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements discusses new accounting standards adopted by First Financial in 2024 and 2023, as well as the expected impact of accounting standards issued but not yet adopted. To the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affects financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained in this report which are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as believes, anticipates, likely, expected, estimated, intends and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make about (i) our future operating or financial performance, including revenues, income or loss and earnings or loss per share, (ii) future common stock dividends, (iii) our capital structure, including future capital levels, (iv) our plans, objectives and strategies, and (v) the assumptions that underlie our forward-looking statements. 
 
 As with any forecast or projection, forward-looking statements are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead express only management s beliefs regarding future results or events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of management s control. It is possible that actual results and outcomes may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results or outcomes indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements include the following, without limitation: 
 
 economic, market, liquidity, credit, interest rate, operational and technological risks associated with the Company s business; 
 future credit quality and performance, including our expectations regarding future loan losses and our allowance for credit losses 
 the effect of and changes in policies and laws or regulatory agencies, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other legislation and regulation relating to the banking industry; 
 Management s ability to effectively execute its business plans; 
 70 

Table of Content 

 mergers and acquisitions, including costs or difficulties related to the integration of acquired companies; 
 the possibility that any of the anticipated benefits of the Company s acquisitions will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; 
 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices; 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowing and saving and changes in unemployment; 
 changes in customers performance and creditworthiness; 
 the costs and effects of litigation and of unexpected or adverse outcomes in such litigation; 
 current and future economic and market conditions, including the effects of changes in housing prices, fluctuations in unemployment rates, U.S. fiscal debt, budget and tax matters, geopolitical matters, and any slowdown in global economic growth; 
 the adverse impact on the U.S. economy, including the markets in which we operate, of the novel coronavirus, which causes the Coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 ), global pandemic, and the impact on the performance of our loan and lease portfolio, the market value of our investment securities, the availability of sources of funding and the demand for our products; 
 our capital and liquidity requirements (including under regulatory capital standards, such as the Basel III capital standards) and our ability to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
 financial services reform and other current, pending or future legislation or regulation that could have a negative effect on our revenue and businesses, including the Dodd-Frank Act and other legislation and regulation relating to bank products and services; 
 the effect of the current interest rate environment or changes in interest rates or in the level or composition of our assets or liabilities on our net interest income, net interest margin and our mortgage originations, mortgage servicing rights and mortgage loans held for sale; 
 the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our brokerage, asset and wealth management businesses; 
 a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber attacks; 
 the effect of changes in the level of checking or savings account deposits on our funding costs and net interest margin; and 
 our ability to develop and execute effective business plans and strategies. 
 
 Additional factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements can be found in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as our other filings with the SEC, which are available on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 All forward-looking statements included in this filing are made as of the date hereof and are based on information available at the time of the filing. Except as required by law, the Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

71 

Table of Content 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The information contained in Item 2-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Risk of this report is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under 
 Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that are designed to cause the material information required to be disclosed by First Financial in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to be recorded, processed, summarized, and reported to the extent applicable within the time periods required by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, First Financial performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in First Financial's internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, First Financial's internal control over financial reporting. 

72 

Table of Content 

 PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the disclosure in response to "Part I - Item 3. Legal Proceedings" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There are a number of factors that may adversely affect the Company's business, financial results, or stock price. See "Risk Factors" as disclosed in response to "Item 1A. to Part I - Risk Factors" of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 On January 27, 2022, the Board announced that it authorized a stock repurchase plan that provided for the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan). The 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan became effective January 1, 2022, upon the expiration of the previously authorized stock repurchase plan, and expired December 31, 2023. In December 2023 the Board authorized a new two-year plan effective January 1, 2024, that provides for the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of the common stock of the Company (the 2024 Stock Repurchase Plan ). The Company did not purchase any shares under the 2024 Stock Repurchase Plan in the third quarter of 2024. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of the Company's officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

73 

Table of Content 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 (a) Exhibits: Exhibit Number 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation of First Financial Bancorp (reflecting all amendments filed with the Ohio Secretary of State) [for purposes of SEC reporting compliance only - not filed with the Ohio Secretary of State] (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Form S-3 on July 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 333-197771). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Regulations of First Financial Bancorp, amended as of July 28, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 furnished herewith. 
 32.2 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 furnished herewith. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 First Financial will furnish, without charge, to a security holder upon request a copy of the documents and will furnish any other Exhibit upon payment of reproduction costs. Unless as otherwise noted, documents incorporated by reference involve File No. 001-34762. 
 
 As provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to liability under those sections. 
 
 Compensatory plan or arrangement 
 74 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. (Registrant) /s/ James M. Anderson /s/ Scott T. Crawley James M. Anderson Scott T. Crawley Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Date 11/7/2024 Date 11/7/2024 
 
 75 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024930ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Archie M. Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer of First Financial Bancorp., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of First Financial Bancorp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 11 7 2024 s Archie M. Brown Archie M. Brown President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024930ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, James M. Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of First Financial Bancorp., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of First Financial Bancorp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 11 7 2024 s James M. Anderson James M. Anderson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024930ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, of First Financial Bancorp. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2024 (the Report ), I, Archie M. Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Archie M. Brown Archie M. Brown President and Chief Executive Officer November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 q32024930ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT BY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
 OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, of First Financial Bancorp. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2024 (the Report ), I, James M. Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s James M. Anderson James M. Anderson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ffbc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ffbc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ffbc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ffbc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ffbc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

