<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_834365_0001628280-24-047178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15494730</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166776</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7403058</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3350143</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2390752</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2000138</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047178.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112162207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOLIFE SOLUTIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000834365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				943076866
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36362
		FILM NUMBER:		241448613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3303 MONTE VILLA PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4254011400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3303 MONTE VILLA PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIOLIFE SOLUTION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRYOMEDICAL SCIENCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047178.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 blfs-20240930.htm
 10-Q

blfs-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of registrant s principal executive offices, Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (S232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit said files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of November 5, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 BIOLIFE SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 43 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 Signatures 
 45 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, December 31, (In thousands, except per share and share data) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Available-for-sale securities, current portion Accounts receivable, trade, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets, discontinued operations Total current assets Assets held for rent, net Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Financing lease right-of-use assets, net Long-term deposits and other assets Available-for-sale securities, long-term Equity investments Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term assets, discontinued operations Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Sales taxes payable Warranty liability Lease liabilities, operating, current portion Lease liabilities, financing, current portion Debt, current portion Current liabilities, discontinued operations Total current liabilities Lease liabilities, operating, long-term Lease liabilities, financing, long-term Debt, long-term Deferred tax liabilities Long-term liabilities, discontinued operations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) par value; shares authorized, Series A, shares designated, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except per share and share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Product revenue Service revenue Rental revenue Total product, rental, and service revenue Costs and operating expenses: Cost of product revenue (exclusive of intangible assets amortization) Cost of service revenue (exclusive of intangible assets amortization) Cost of rental revenue (exclusive of intangible assets amortization) General and administrative Sales and marketing Research and development Asset impairment charges Intangible asset amortization Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Change in fair value of equity investments ) Gain on settlement of Global Cooling escrow Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income Total other (expense) income, net ) ) ) Loss before income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations: Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations, attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted Loss from discontinued operations, attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted Loss per share from continuing operations, attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Loss per share from discontinued operations, attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted Net loss attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted Weighted average shares used to compute loss per share attributable to common shareholders: Basic and Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands, except share data) Series A Preferred Stock Shares Series A Preferred Stock Amount Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation - - - - - - Stock option exercises - - - - - Stock issued on vested RSUs - - - - - - - Foreign currency translation - - - - - - Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands, except share data) Series A Preferred Stock Shares Series A Preferred Stock Amount Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders Equity 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation - - - - - - Stock option exercises - - - - - Stock issued on vested RSAs - - - - - Foreign currency translation - - - - - ) - ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands, except share data) Series A Preferred Stock Shares Series A Preferred Stock Amount Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation - - - - - - Stock option exercises - - - - - Stock issued on vested RSUs - - - - - Common stock shares issued - - - - ) - - ) Foreign currency translation - - - - - - Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands, except share data) Series A Preferred Stock Shares Series A Preferred Stock Amount Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders Equity 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation - - - - - - Stock option exercises - - - - - Stock issued on vested RSAs - - - - - Contingent consideration shares issued - - - - - Settlement of Global Cooling escrow - - ) - ) - - ) Foreign currency translation - - - - - ) - ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Impairment of intangible assets Impairment of long-lived assets Settlement of Global Cooling escrow ) Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of loan costs Stock-based compensation Non-cash lease expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Change in fair value of equity investments Accretion of available-for-sale investments ) ) (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment, net ) Loss on disposal of assets held for rent, net Loss on disposal of Global Cooling Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions Accounts receivable, trade, net ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Warranty liability ) ) Sales taxes payable ) Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities Maturities of available-for-sale securities Purchases of assets held for rent ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Payments on divestiture of Global Cooling ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Payments on equipment loans ) ) Proceeds from exercises of common stock options Payments on term loans ) ) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Proceeds from financed insurance premium Payments on financed insurance premium ) ) Other ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period Effects of currency translation on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities Purchase of property and equipment not yet paid Assets acquired under operating leases Assets acquired under financing leases Unrealized (losses) gains on currency translation ) Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Cashless issuance of SciSafe earnout shares Cash interest paid Returned shares from settlement of Global Cooling escrow ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segment and reporting unit. The Company s Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 
 Significant accounting policies 
 The following describes an update to the Company s accounting policies for discontinued operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For a full discussion of significant accounting policies, refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements described in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report. 
 In accordance with ASC 205-20: Presentation of Financial Statements: Discontinued Operations , a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results. In 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in cash, cash equivalents, and available-for-sale securities, respectively, in our continuing operations. Based on our current expectations with respect to our future revenue and expenses, we believe that our current level of cash, cash equivalents, and other liquid assets will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months from the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q ). 
 Risks and uncertainties 
 The preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the reporting date and revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. These estimates represent management's judgment about the outcome of future events. The global business environment continues to be impacted by cost pressure, the overall effects of economic uncertainty on customers' purchasing patterns, high interest rates, and other factors. It is not possible to accurately predict the future impact of such events and circumstances. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 For additional information, see caption Risk Factors identified in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report and in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Customer B Customer C 
 less than 10 
 Revenue from foreign customers is denominated in United States dollars or euros. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Europe, Middle East, Africa (EMEA) Other Total revenue 
 (1) As of the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company updated its methodology for determining the country of origin for its sales. Sales are now recorded by shipping country rather than billing country. The Company updated the methodology retrospectively, adjusting the prior year presentation for all regions presented. 
 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no suppliers accounted for greater than 10 of purchases. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, one supplier accounted for and of purchases, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, one supplier accounted for of our accounts payable. As of December 31, 2023, one supplier accounted for of our accounts payable. 
 
 2. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated deficit ) ) ) 
 
 3. 
 million in cash on its balance sheet, of which, million in cash was funded by the Company, and the Company was required to repay approximately million of outstanding indebtedness of Global Cooling, and assume certain other liabilities of Global Cooling of million. Following the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the divestiture of Global Cooling was consummated on April 17, 2024. 
 
 Cash to Global Cooling funded by Company ) Costs to sell Global Cooling (1) 
 ) Negative selling price ) Global Cooling carrying basis as of April 17, 2024, inclusive of assumed liabilities ) Assumed liabilities: Accounts payable (2) 
 Assumed liabilities: Debt (3) 
 Global Cooling carrying basis as of April 17, 2024 Release of Global Cooling currency translation adjustment ) Net loss on disposal ) 
 (1) Represents the costs incurred in connection with the divestiture of Global Cooling, including fees to be paid to the broker, attorneys, and other external parties. 
 (2) As a closing condition, the Company assumed certain accounts payable and accrued expenses from Global Cooling, totaling million and million, respectively. 
 (3) As a closing condition, the Company repaid the balance of the Global Cooling Amended Term Notes. For additional information on the terms of the Global Cooling Term Notes, see Note 13: Long-term debt . 
 In connection with the Company s entry into the Purchase Agreement, the Company implemented a reduction in force (the RIF related to the business of Global Cooling, which reduced the Company s workforce by employees (representing 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 of its full-time employees). The Company s Board of Directors approved the RIF on March 29, 2024, and all affected employees were informed by April 18, 2024, following the execution of the Purchase Agreement. Additionally, the Company accelerated the unvested shares granted to both the employees impacted by the RIF and Global Cooling employees that remained with Global Cooling upon the closing of the GCI Divestiture. 
 Former Global Cooling employees Total employment related divestiture expenditures 
 
 In addition, upon the closing of the Transaction, the Company and Global Cooling entered into a transition services agreement ("TSA"), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide certain transition services to Global Cooling for up to days following the date of the closing of the Transaction. The TSA has since expired pursuant to its terms on the stated expiration date. 
 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets, discontinued operations Property and equipment, net Long-term deposits and other assets Total assets, discontinued operations Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Warranty liability Lease liabilities, operating, current portion Lease liabilities, financing, current portion Total current liabilities, discontinued operations Lease liabilities, operating, long-term Lease liabilities, financing, long-term Total liabilities, discontinued operations 
 Global Cooling had no remaining balances as of September 30, 2024. 

17 

Table of Contents 

Cost of revenue Gross profit ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) Asset impairment charges ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Loss on disposal ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) ) ) 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Global Cooling did not incur material depreciation, amortization, capital expenditure, or other noncash related costs. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, Global Cooling incurred depreciation and capital expenditure costs of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Global Cooling incurred depreciation, amortization, and capital expenditure costs of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 We do not anticipate incurring any material additional charges in connection with the sale of Global Cooling. 
 
 4. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 , a risk-free rate of approximately , asset volatility of , and revenue volatility of . Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation would result in a significant change in the fair value measurement of the liability. Generally, changes used in the assumptions for projected future revenue and revenue volatility would be accompanied by a directionally similar change in the fair value measurement. Conversely, changes in the discount rate would be accompanied by a directionally opposite change in the related fair value measurement. However, due to the contingent consideration having a maximum payout amount, changes in these assumptions would not affect the fair value of the contingent consideration if they increase (decrease) beyond certain amounts. At the acquisition date, the contingent consideration was determined to have a fair value of million. Subsequent to the acquisition date, the SciSafe contingent consideration liability was re-measured to fair value with changes recorded in the Change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the most recent re-measurement of the contingent consideration liability as of December 31, 2023, the Company determined it appropriate to write-off the remaining balance of the SciSafe contingent consideration liability. The target revenue required for earnout was not met during the year ended December 31, 2023 and had been determined to not be probable to achieve in future years. The change in fair value of contingent consideration of million and million associated with the contingent consideration liability was included within the Change in fair value of contingent consideration in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 There were no remeasurements to fair value during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 Available-for-sale securities: U.S. government securities Corporate debt securities Other debt securities Total As of December 31, 2023 Assets: Cash equivalents: Money market accounts Available-for-sale securities: U.S. government securities Corporate debt securities Other debt securities Total 
 There have been no transfers of assets or liabilities between the fair value measurement levels. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value recognized in net loss ) Payment of contingent consideration earned ) Balance at end of period 

5. 
 Corporate debt securities Other debt securities Total short-term Available-for-sale securities, long-term Corporate debt securities Other debt securities Total marketable securities 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross unrealized Estimated Fair Value (In thousands) Gains Losses Available-for-sale securities, current portion U.S. government securities Corporate debt securities ) Other debt securities Total short-term ) Available-for-sale securities, long-term Other debt securities Total marketable securities ) 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Due after one year through five years Total 
 Equity investments 
 The Company periodically invests in non-marketable equity securities of private companies without a readily determinable fair value to promote business and strategic objectives. The Company has adopted the measurement alternative whereby equity securities are carried at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable process changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar transactions of the same issuer. These securities included Series E Preferred Stock in PanTHERA CryoSolutions, Inc. carried at million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The Company also owns securities of Series A-1 and A-2 Preferred Stock in iVexSol, Inc. carried at million for the period ending December 31, 2023. During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company received communications that triggered a going concern for the investment. As of June 30, 2024, the Company determined that the fair value of its equity interest was less than its carrying amount, and no longer recoverable, triggering an impairment charge of million. The carrying value was as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 6. 
 Work in progress Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 7. 
 and have remaining lease terms of one to . We exclude options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised from our lease terms, ranging from one to . Our lease payments consist primarily of fixed rental payments for the right to use the underlying leased assets over the lease terms, with all other lease payments consisting of variable lease costs. For certain leases, we receive incentives from our landlords, such as rent abatements, which effectively reduce the total lease payments owed for these leases. Vehicle and other equipment operating leases had original lease terms of four to and have remaining terms between one and . 
 Our financing leases relate to research equipment, machinery, and other equipment. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average discount rate - finance leases Weighted average remaining lease term in years - operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term in years - finance leases 
 Financing lease costs Short-term lease costs Total operating lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) ) Total present value of lease liabilities 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Fixed assets held for rent Accumulated depreciation ) ) Subtotal Shippers and related components in production Total 
 Shippers and related components in production include shippers complete and ready to be deployed and placed in service upon a customer order, shippers in the process of being assembled, and components available to build shippers. We recognized million and million in depreciation expense related to assets held for rent during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 Furniture and computer equipment Manufacturing and other equipment Construction in-progress Subtotal Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 10. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ) Tradenames ) Technology - acquired ) Non-compete agreements ) Total intangible assets ) 
 (In thousands, except weighted average useful life) December 31, 2023 Intangible assets: Gross Carrying 
 Value 
 Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying 
 Value 
 Weighted 
 Average Useful 
 Life (in years) 
 Customer relationships ) Tradenames ) Technology - acquired ) Non-compete agreements ) Total intangible assets ) 
 Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Accrued taxes Accrued compensation Deferred revenue, current Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 12. 
 lawsuits have been filed by previous customers seeking payment for losses allegedly related to commercial freezer products from Global Cooling prior to its divestiture. These lawsuits are in various stages, and we continue to defend vigorously against the claims made in them. An estimate for a reasonably possible loss or range of loss cannot be made, though we expect any potential losses incurred to be covered by insurance. 
 Indemnification 
 As permitted under Delaware law and in accordance with the Company s bylaws, the Company is required to indemnify its officers and directors for certain errors and occurrences while the officer or director is or was serving in such capacity. The Company is also party to indemnification agreements with its directors. The Company believes the fair value of the indemnification rights and agreements is minimal. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification rights and agreements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Purchase obligations 
 Purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum, or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions. As of September 30, 2024, our total short-term obligations were million. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Due to the variety of jurisdictions in which this estimated liability relates to and our ongoing assessment of sales taxes owed, we cannot predict when final liabilities will be satisfied. We will reevaluate the estimated liability and timing of satisfaction each reporting period. 
 
 13. 
 million in the increments and upon the dates and milestones described below (the Term Loan ). The Term Loan matures on June 1, 2026. The Loan Agreement permitted the Company to borrow up to million upon the initial closing of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Agreement (the Term Loan Closing ), and provided options to borrow (i) up to million between the Term Loan Closing and June 30, 2023, (ii) up to million upon the achievement of certain revenue milestones by the Company, and (iii) an additional million at the discretion of the lender. The Company borrowed million at the Term Loan Closing and accounts for the Term Loan at cost. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had not drawn additional funding nor had it met the revenue milestones outlined within the Loan Agreement. The Company had until December 31, 2023 to draw an additional million, subject to approval from the lender, and therefore has no additional opportunities under the Loan Agreement. Payments on the borrowing are interest-only through June 2024, with additional criteria allowing for interest-only payments to continue through June 2025. Tranches borrowed under the Loan Agreement bear interest at the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus . However, the interest rate is subject to a ceiling that restricts the interest rate for each tranche from exceeding above the overall rate applicable to each tranche at their respective funding dates and has a balloon payment due at the earliest of term loan maturity, repayment of the Term Loan in full, or termination of the Loan Agreement at million. As of September 30, 2024, the implied interest rate of the Term Loan is and the implied value of the Term Loan is million. The Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with the covenants set forth in the Loan Agreement. 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company entered into a Consent and Second Amendment to the Term Loan (the Amendment by and among Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company Bank and the Company and its subsidiaries. Pursuant to the Amendment and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Bank consented to the transaction and released its security interests in the assets of Global Cooling and the Shares arising under the Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 20, 2022, by and among Bank and Borrower, as amended by that certain Waiver and First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 26, 2024 (the Loan Agreement ). In addition, effective as of the closing of the transaction, the Amendment amended the Loan Agreement to remove Global Cooling as a party to the Loan Agreement and provide for a non-refundable termination fee in the amount of payable by Borrower to Bank in the event that the Loan Agreement is terminated prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date (as defined in the Loan Agreement) for any reason. The Amendment also contains customary representations and warranties of Borrower and provides for a release of Bank by Borrower for any claims existing or arising through the date of the Amendment, including, without limitation, those arising out of or in any manner connected with or related to the Loan Agreement. 
 On November 11, 2024, the Company entered into a Consent and Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the Amendment by and among Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company Bank and the Company and its subsidiaries. For additional information on the Amendment, see Note 19: Subsequent events . 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Term Loan Jun-26 Insurance premium financing Jul-25 Freezer equipment loan Dec-25 Manufacturing equipment loans Oct-25 Freezer installation loan Various Other loans Various Various Total debt, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: current portion of debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Term Loan was secured by substantially all assets of BioLife, SAVSU, CBS, SciSafe, and Sexton, other than intellectual property. Equipment loans are secured by the financed equipment. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total debt 
 
 14. 
 million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the year. During the three and nine months ended 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the year. 
 The Company primarily recognizes product revenues, service revenues, and rental revenues. Product revenues are generated from the sale of cell processing tools, freezers, thawing devices, and cold chain products. We recognize product revenue, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, at a point in time when we transfer control of our products to our customers, which is upon shipment for substantially all transactions. Shipping and handling costs are classified as part of cost of product revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Service revenue is generated from the storage of biological and pharmaceutical materials. We recognize service revenue over time as services are performed or ratably over the contract term. To the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price utilizing the expected value method or the most likely amount method, depending on the facts and circumstances relative to the contract. When determining the transaction price of a contract, an adjustment is made if payment from a customer occurs either significantly before or significantly after performance, resulting in a significant financing component. Applying the practical expedient in ASC Topic 606, the Company does not assess whether a significant financing component exists if the period between when the Company performs its obligations under the contract and when the customer pays is one year or less. None of the Company s contracts contained a significant financing component as of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company also generates revenue from the leasing of our property, plant, and equipment, operating right-of-use assets, and evo cold chain systems within its biostorage services product line to customers pursuant to service contracts or rental arrangements entered into with the customer. Revenue from these arrangements is not within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 606 as it is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 842, Leases. All customers leasing shippers currently do so under annual rental arrangements. We account for these rental transactions as operating leases and record rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the rental term. 
 The Company enters into various customer service agreements (collectively, Service Contracts with customers to provide biological and pharmaceutical storage services. In certain of these Service Contracts, the property, plant, and equipment or operating right-of-use assets used to store the customer product are used only for the benefit of one customer. This is primarily driven by the customer s desire to ensure that sufficient storage capacity is available in a specific geographic location for a set period of time. These agreements may include extension and termination clauses. These Service Contracts do not allow for customers to purchase the underlying assets. 
 The Company has assessed its Service Contracts and concluded that certain of the contracts for the storage of customer products met the criteria to be considered a leasing arrangement Embedded Leases ), with the Company as the lessor. The specific Service Contracts that met the criteria were those that provided a single customer with the ability to substantially direct the use of the Company s property, plant, and equipment or operating right-of-use assets. 
 Applying the practical expedient from ASC Topic 842, consistent with the previous guidance, the Company will continue to recognize operating right-of-use asset embedded lessor arrangements on its Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in operating right-of-use assets. 
 None of the Embedded Leases identified by the Company qualify as a sales-type or direct finance lease. None of the operating leases for which the Company is the lessor include options for the lessee to purchase the underlying asset at the end of the lease term or residual value guarantees, nor are any such operating leases with related parties. 
 Embedded Leases may contain both lease and non-lease components. We have elected to utilize the practical expedient from ASC Topic 842 to account for lease and non-lease components together as a single combined lease component as the timing and pattern of transfer are the same for the non-lease components and associated lease component and, the lease component, if accounted for separately, would be classified as an operating lease. Non-lease components of the Company s rental arrangements include reimbursements of lessor costs. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Biostorage services Freezer and thaw Service revenue Biostorage services Freezer and thaw Rental revenue Biostorage services Total revenue 
 The following table includes estimated rental revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to Embedded Leases as well as estimated service revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting periods. The Company is electing not to disclose the value of the remaining unsatisfied performance obligation with a duration of one year or less as permitted by the practical expedient in ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The estimated revenue in the following table does not include contracts with the original durations of one year or less, amounts of variable consideration attributable to royalties, or contract renewals that are unexercised as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have service revenue expected to be recognized in greater than one year. 

15. 
 Exercised ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Stock options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million of aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable service-based vesting stock options. Intrinsic value is the total pretax intrinsic value for all in-the-money options (i.e., the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the reporting period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on September 30, 2024. This amount will change based on the fair market value of the Company s stock. We did recognize stock compensation expense related to service-based options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The intrinsic value of service vesting-based awards exercised was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. There were service-based vesting options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The weighted average remaining contractual life of service-based vesting stock options outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 is years. There were unrecognized compensation costs for service-based vesting stock options as of September 30, 2024. 
 Restricted stock 
 Service-based vesting restricted stock 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of September 30, 2024 
 The aggregate fair value of the service-based vesting awards granted was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The aggregate fair value of the service-based vesting awards that vested was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 We recognized stock compensation expense related to service-based vesting awards of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million in unrecognized compensation costs related to service-based vesting awards. We expect to recognize those costs over years. 
 Performance-based restricted stock 
 On March 8, 2024, the Company granted shares of performance-based stock to an executive in the form of restricted stock. The shares granted contain performance conditions based on Company metrics related to future performance. The grant date fair value of this award was per share. The fair value of this award is being expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period ending on December 31, 2025. 
 We recognized stock compensation expense of million and million related to performance-based restricted stock awards for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million in unrecognized non-cash compensation costs related to performance-based restricted stock awards expected to vest. We expect to recognize those costs over years. Non-cash compensation costs are expensed over the period for which performance was measured. 
 
 The aggregate fair value of the performance-based awards granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. performance-based awards vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 performance-based restricted stock awards were granted or vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Market-based restricted stock 
 Granted Vested ) Non-vested as of September 30, 2024 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company granted shares of market-based stock to its executives in the form of restricted stock. The shares granted contain a market condition based on total shareholder return ("TSR"). The TSR market condition measures the Company s performance against a peer group. On March 8, 2024, the Company s Compensation Committee determined the TSR attainment was of the targeted shares and shares were granted and immediately vested to the executives of the Company based on our TSR during the period beginning on January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2023 as compared to the TSR of of our peers. The fair value of this award was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: a historical volatility of , dividend yield and a risk-free interest rate of . The historical volatility was based on the most recent -year period for the Company and correlated with the components of the peer group. The stock price projection for the Company and the components of the peer group assumes a dividend yield. This is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends in the issuing entity over the performance period. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield on the U.S. Treasury Strips as of the Measurement Date with a maturity consistent with the -year term associated with the market condition of the award. The fair value of this award of million was expensed on a straight-line basis over the grant date to the vesting date of December 31, 2023. 
 On January 3, 2023, the Company granted shares of market-based stock to its executives in the form of restricted stock. The shares granted contain a market condition based on TSR. The TSR market condition measures the Company s performance against a peer group. The market-based restricted stock awards will vest as to between and of the number of restricted shares granted to each recipient based on our TSR during the period beginning on January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2024 as compared to the TSR of of our peers. The fair value of this award was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: a historical volatility of , dividend yield and a risk-free interest rate of . The historical volatility was based on the most recent -year period for the Company and correlated with the components of the peer group. The stock price projection for the Company and the components of the peer group assumes a dividend yield. This is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends in the issuing entity over the performance period. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield on the U.S. Treasury Strips as of the Measurement Date with a maturity consistent with the -year term associated with the market condition of the award. The fair value of this award of million is being expensed on a straight-line basis over the grant date to the vesting date of December 31, 2024, excluding million of expense recognized in 2023 to reflect accelerations in the vesting period of certain awards. 
 On March 8, 2024, the Company granted shares of market-based stock to its executives in the form of restricted stock. The shares granted contain a market condition based on TSR. The TSR market condition measures the Company s performance against a peer group. The market-based restricted stock awards will vest as to between and of the number of restricted shares granted to each recipient based on our TSR during the period beginning on January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025 as compared to the TSR of of our peers. The fair value of this award was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: a historical volatility of , dividend yield and a risk-free interest rate of . The historical volatility was based on the most recent 2-year period for the Company and correlated with the components of the peer group. The stock price projection for the Company and the components of the peer group assumes a dividend yield. This is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends in the issuing entity over the performance period. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield on the U.S. Treasury Strips as of the Measurement Date with a maturity consistent with the -year term associated with the market condition of the award. The fair value of this 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million is being expensed on a straight-line basis over the grant date to the vesting date of December 31, 2025. 
 We recognized stock compensation expense of million and million related to market-based restricted stock awards for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million in unrecognized non-cash compensation costs related to market-based restricted stock awards expected to vest. We expect to recognize those costs over years. 
 The aggregate fair value of the market-based awards granted was and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The aggregate fair value of the market-based awards that vested was and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Total stock compensation expense 
 Compensation expense associated with equity-based awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, with awards generally vesting over a period, and forfeitures recognized as incurred. 
 General and administrative costs Sales and marketing costs Research and development costs Total 
 
 16. 
 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in an effective income tax rate of negative . Included in the million of tax expense was discrete tax expense of million related to stock compensation, which was offset by a change in the valuation allowance. 
 The Company s projected effective income tax rate for the year ending December 31, 2024 excluding the impact, if any, of discrete items is negative , which is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of primarily due to the increase in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets and non-deductible executive compensation offset by state tax benefits and research tax credits. 
 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, the Company s management evaluates all available positive and negative evidence to determine if it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets are realizable. As of September 30, 2024, the Company continues to provide a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as the realization of such assets is not considered to be more likely than not at this time. If the Company's conclusion about the realizability of its deferred tax assets and therefore the appropriateness of the valuation allowance changes in a future 
 32 

Table of Contents 

17.) ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations allocated to common shareholders Denominator: Weighted-average common shares issued and outstanding Basic and diluted loss from continuing operations per common share 
 Total 
 
 18. 
 of their annual compensation to this plan as limited by an annual maximum amount as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions in amounts to be determined at the Company s sole discretion. The Company made million and million in contributions to this plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made million and million, respectively, in contributions to this plan. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 19. 
 million (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Purchase Agreement) (the Transaction ). Following the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Transaction was consummated on November 12, 2024 (the Closing Date ). We anticipate the divestiture to qualify and be presented as Discontinued Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. 
 The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities of the parties thereto, including customary covenants that prevent the Company from competing with SciSafe, soliciting its employees or interfering with its business relationships for after the Closing Date. In connection with the closing of the Transaction, the Company was required to repay approximately million of outstanding indebtedness of SciSafe, estimates to incur approximately million in fees to be paid for legal and other transaction services, and estimates to incur approximately million in severance costs. The Company also paid the former stockholders of SciSafe approximately million in cash to waive all rights with respect to certain potential earn-out payments that would have otherwise accelerated and become due in connection with the Transaction pursuant to the purchase agreement by which the Company acquired SciSafe in October 2020. Finally, the Company expects to recognize approximately million in stock compensation expense in connection with the acceleration of unvested shares for all former employees of the Company that remained with SciSafe upon the closing of the Transaction. 
 In addition, upon the closing of the Transaction, the Company and SciSafe entered into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which the Company will provide certain transition services to SciSafe for up to following the Closing Date. 
 
 The Company expects to recognize a gain on the Transaction of approximately million before million of goodwill allocation. 
 The Company s estimates are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may differ. 
 Consent and Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank 
 November 11, 2024, the Company entered into a Consent and Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company Bank ), the Company, SAVSU Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation SAVSU ), Arctic Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation doing business as Custom Biogenic Systems Arctic ), SciSafe Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation SciSafe Parent ), and Sexton Biotechnologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Sexton, and together with the Company, SAVSU, Arctic and SciSafe Parent, Borrower ). Pursuant to the Amendment and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Bank consented to the Transaction as required pursuant to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 20, 2022, by and among Bank and Borrower, as amended by that certain Waiver and First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 26, 2024, and that certain Consent and Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 17, 2024 (the Loan Agreement ). In addition, effective as of the closing of the Transaction, the Amendment amended the Loan Agreement to provide for a non-refundable termination fee in the amount of payable by Borrower to Bank in the event that the Loan Agreement is terminated prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date (as defined in the Loan Agreement) for any reason. The Amendment also made certain other ministerial changes to the Loan Agreement, contains customary representations and warranties of Borrower and provides for a release of Bank by Borrower for any claims existing or arising through the date of the Amendment, including, without limitation, those arising out of or in any manner connected with or related to the Loan Agreement. 
 As announced during the second quarter of 2023, the Company has continued to actively seek the divestiture of its CBS business and anticipates Discontinued Operations treatment upon the closure of a deal. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 Forward looking statements 
 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not historical facts and may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as plans, expects, believes, anticipates, designed, and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied by the forward-looking statements. A description of certain of these risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in filings we make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), all of which are available at www.sec.gov, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024, (the "Annual Report"). Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results and events may differ materially from results and events currently expected by us. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof or to reflect any change in its expectations with regard to these forward-looking statements or the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Overview 
 Management s discussion and analysis provides additional insight into the Company and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Annual Report. 
 We are a life sciences company that develops, manufactures and supplies bioproduction tools and services which are designed to improve quality and de-risk biologic manufacturing, storage, distribution, and transportation in the cell and gene therapy industry. Our products are used in basic and applied research and commercial manufacturing of biologic-based therapies. Customers use our products to maintain the health and function of biologic material during sourcing, manufacturing, storage, and distribution. 
 We currently operate as one bioproduction tools and services business which supports several steps in the biologic material manufacturing and delivery process. We have a diversified portfolio of tools and services that focus on biopreservation, cell processing, frozen biologic storage products and services, cold-chain transportation, and thawing of biologic materials. We have in-house expertise in cryobiology and continue to capitalize on opportunities to maximize the value of our product platform for our extensive customer base through both organic growth innovations and acquisitions. 
 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company sold all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Global Cooling, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Global Cooling ), to GCI Holdings Company, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company GCI Holdings ), pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and GCI Holdings (the Global Cooling Divestiture ). Upon the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Global Cooling business is presented in the accompanying condensed financial statements as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. See Note 3: Discontinued operations, to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.for further details regarding the divestiture. 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company, Subzero Purchaser Corp., a Delaware corporation, SciSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and SciSafe, Inc., a New Jersey corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for the sale by Seller of all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of SciSafe to Buyer. The divestiture of SciSafe was considered a subsequent event to the financial results presented as of September 30, 2024. SciSafe is therefore presented as a part of our continuing operations as of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For additional information on the divestiture of SciSafe, see Note 19: Subsequent events, to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our products 
 Our bioproduction tools and services are composed of two revenue lines that contain seven main offerings: 
 Cell processing 
 Biopreservation media 
 Human platelet lysate media hPL ), cryogenic vials, and automated cell-processing fill machines 
 Biostorage services 
 Biological and pharmaceutical material storage 
 Cloud connected smart shipping containers 
 Automated thawing devices 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 A critical accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. For a description of our critical accounting policies that affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our significant accounting policies in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report and Part I, Note 1 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Results of operations 
 The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related footnotes thereto. 
 Revenues 
 Total revenue for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Product revenue Cell processing 19,030 13,338 5,692 43 53,154 51,004 2,150 4 Biostorage services 543 365 178 49 970 1,099 (129) (12) Freezer and thaw 3,884 3,434 450 13 10,500 11,341 (841) (7) Service revenue Biostorage services 4,526 4,186 340 8 13,708 12,166 1,542 13 Freezer and thaw 134 191 (57) (30) 465 407 58 14 Rental revenue Biostorage services 2,454 2,059 395 19 6,881 5,975 906 15 Total revenue 30,571 23,573 6,998 30 85,678 81,992 3,686 4 
 Product revenue 
 Product revenue was 23.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 6.3 million, or 37 , compared with the same period in 2023 and was 64.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 1.2 million, or 2 , compared with the same period in 2023. The increase in product revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is largely driven by an increase in customer demand for our cell processing products compared to the prior year. During the third and fourth quarters of 2023, we experienced a decrease in our revenues from our customers destocking inventory levels in addition to decreases in broader biotech funding that we did not experience during the current period. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Product revenue: Cell processing 
 Product revenue from our cell processing products increased by 5.7 million and 2.2 million, or by 43 and 4 , during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with the same period in 2023. The increase in revenue from cell processing products is driven by an overall market improvement compared to the prior year when our customers reduced safety stock levels in addition to the broader biotech industry experiencing decreases in funding. 
 Product revenue: Biostorage services 
 Product revenue from our biostorage services increased by 0.2 million, or 49 , and decreased 0.1 million, or or 12 , in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with the same period in 2023. The increase in the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to new customer acquisitions and increased demand from existing customers. The decrease in the nine month period relates to lower volumes of consumable products sold from our evo product line. 
 Product revenue: Freezer and thaw 
 Product revenue from our freezer and thaw products increased by 0.5 million, or 13 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased by 0.8 million, or 7 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023. The increase in the three months ended period was primarily driven by an increase in customer demand for our ThawSTAR product line compared to the prior year. The decrease in the nine months ended can be attributed to lower overall sales of our freezer products in the first half of 2024 compared to the prior year. 
 Service revenue 
 Service revenue was 4.7 million and 14.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, representing an increase of 0.3 million and 1.6 million, or 6 and 13 , compared with the same period in 2023. The increase in the three and nine month periods relates primarily to the expansion of service revenue generated by SciSafe storage services. 
 Rental revenue 
 Rental revenue was 2.5 million and 6.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, representing an increase of 0.4 million, or 19 , and 0.9 million, or 15 , compared with the same periods in 2023. The increase is associated with an increased demand from existing customers. 
 Costs and operating expenses 
 Total costs and operating expenses for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were composed of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Cost of product, rental, and service revenue 14,276 11,578 2,698 23 40,278 44,989 (4,711) (10) General and administrative 11,351 10,813 538 5 33,953 37,568 (3,615) (10) Sales and marketing 3,543 4,876 (1,333) (27) 10,401 12,731 (2,330) (18) Research and development 2,050 3,739 (1,689) (45) 6,827 10,772 (3,945) (37) Asset impairment charges 8,310 (8,310) (100) 8,310 (8,310) (100) Intangible asset amortization 910 1,312 (402) (31) 2,734 4,135 (1,401) (34) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (1,580) 1,580 NM (1,778) 1,778 NM Total operating expenses 32,130 39,048 (6,918) (18) 94,193 116,727 (22,534) (19) 
 Cost of product, rental, and service revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased 2.7 million, or 23 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased 4.7 million, or 10 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase during the three months ended September 30, 2024 is due primarily to increases in sales across multiple product lines 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in cost of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 can be attributed to decreases in personnel expenses, a more favorable product mix, and increased operational efficiencies. 
 Cost of revenue inclusive of intangible amortization related to acquired technology was 49 as a percentage of revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 52 and 58 as a percentage of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in cost of revenue inclusive of intangible amortization related to acquired technology as a percentage of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is a result of increased utilization at our biorepository facilities, operational efficiencies, and a more favorable product mix in our biopreservation media product line, in addition to decreases in personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative G A expense consists primarily of personnel-related expenses, stock-based compensation, professional fees, such as accounting and consulting fees, and corporate insurance. 
 G A expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 0.5 million, or 5 , and decreased 3.6 million, or 10 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consists primarily of an increase in lease expenses and legal fees compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in G A expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to decreases in consultation service fees, a decrease in severance expenses, and a decrease in headcount resulting in decreased salary and stock-based compensation. 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 Sales and marketing expense S M consists primarily of personnel-related costs, stock-based compensation, consulting, advertising, and travel expense. 
 S M expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1.3 million and 2.3 million, or 27 and 18 , respectively, compared with the same periods in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in headcount compared to the prior year. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development R D expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, consulting, research supplies, and milestone expenses related to third party research agreements. 
 R D expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1.7 million and 3.9 million, or 45 and 37 , respectively, compared with the same periods in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in headcount compared to the prior year, and lower research milestone payments in relation to our investment in PanTHERA. 
 Intangible asset amortization expense 
 Intangible asset amortization expense consists of charges related to the amortization of intangible assets associated with the acquisitions of Astero, SAVSU, CBS, SciSafe, and Sexton in which we acquired definite-lived intangible assets. Decreases in our intangible asset amortization expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 can be attributed to the write-off of intangible assets related to CBS during the third quarter of 2023. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration consists of changes in estimated fair value of our potential earnouts related to our SciSafe acquisition. The benefit recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 relates primarily to changes in our estimated probability of achieving earnout targets set forth within the purchase agreements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Other expense 
 Total other income and expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were composed of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Change in fair value of equity investments NM (4,074) (4,074) NM Gain on settlement of Global Cooling escrow NM 5,115 (5,115) NM Interest expense, net (267) (449) 182 41 (796) (1,216) 420 35 Other income 95 235 (140) (60) 417 1,002 (585) (58) Total other (expense) income, net (172) (214) 42 20 (4,453) 4,901 (9,354) (191) 
 Change in fair value of equity investments. Reflects the change in fair value of our equity investments. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company determined that the fair value of its equity interest in iVexSol was less than its carrying amount, and no longer recoverable. The equity investment was fully impaired as a result of the analysis. For further details, see Note 5: Investments in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 Gain on settlement of Global Cooling escrow. Reflects the non-cash gain associated with our settlement of the GCI General Escrow during the second quarter of 2023 upon indemnification of shares within the escrow. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related primarily to the Term Loan (as defined in Note 13: Long-term debt , to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) obtained in September 2022, financed insurance premiums, and indirect tax liabilities. We also earn interest on cash held in our money market account. Decreases in interest expense, net during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 can be attributed to the increases in interest income from our available-for-sale securities compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 39.3 million and 50.2 million in cash, cash equivalents, and available-for-sale securities, respectively, in our continuing operations. 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company consummated the Global Cooling Divestiture. The Company provided 6.7 million in cash funding to effectuate the transaction and paid 0.6 million to the brokers, attorneys, and other external parties. In addition, the Company recognized 6.1 million in cash expenditures from operations during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to meet certain post-closing requirements, costs to sell Global Cooling, the assumption of certain liabilities and debt, and severance expenses related to the RIF implemented on the business of Global Cooling, which reduced the Company s workforce by 47 employees. For additional information on the details of the Transaction and its related costs, see Item I, Note 3: Discontinued operations to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company consummated the SciSafe Divestiture. In connection with the closing of the Transaction, the Company was required to repay approximately 0.9 million of outstanding indebtedness of SciSafe, estimates to incur approximately 1.8 million in fees to be paid for legal and other transaction services, and estimates to incur approximately 0.4 million in severance costs. The Company also paid the former stockholders of SciSafe approximately 3.3 million in cash to waive all rights with respect to certain potential earn-out payments and expects to recognize approximately 4.0 million in stock compensation expense in connection with the acceleration of unvested shares for all former employees of the Company that remained with SciSafe upon the closing of the Transaction. For 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 additional information on the divestiture of SciSafe, see Note 19: Subsequent events, to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Based on our current expectations with respect to our future revenue and expenses, we believe that our current level of cash, cash equivalents, and other liquid assets will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months from the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. However, the Company may choose to raise additional capital through a debt or equity financing for strategic purposes. Additional capital, if required, may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. 
 Cash flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Operating activities 6,786 (14,809) 21,595 Investing activities (15,337) 13,880 (29,217) Financing activities (2,697) 750 (3,447) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (11,248) (179) (11,069) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 6.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.8 million used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in operating losses compared to the prior year in addition to the timing of collection and disbursement of working capital related items in accounts receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses, and accrued expenses. 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 Net cash used by investing activities totaled 15.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.9 million provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used by investing activities was primarily driven by the 13.0 million in payments made on the divestiture of Global Cooling in addition to a decrease of 20.5 million in purchases, proceeds, and maturities of our investments in available-for-sale marketable securities compared to the prior year. This was offset by a decrease of 4.4 million in capital expenditures compared to the prior year. 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 Net cash used by financing activities totaled 2.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.8 million provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used by financing activities was primarily the result of increases in payments on the Company's Term Loan compared to the prior year. 
 
 Contractual obligations 
 Our material cash requirements include contractual and other obligations which we previously disclosed within the financial statements and Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report. Other than the contractual obligation listed below, there have been no significant changes to these obligations in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Purchase obligations 
 Purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum, or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions. As of September 30, 2024, our total short-term obligations were 4.2 million. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 Interest rate risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our long-term debt. Our long-term debt primarily bears interest at a fixed rate, with a variable component subject to an interest rate ceiling. Fluctuations in interest rates therefore do not materially impact our consolidated financial statements from long-term debt. For additional information, see Note 13, Long-term debt to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 For a discussion of market risks related to foreign currency exchange rates, refer to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in our Annual Report. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes or developments that would materially alter the market risk assessment of our exposures to foreign currency exchange rates performed as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q were not effective, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. As previously reported, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 with regard to (i) inappropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the control environment, risk assessment procedures, and monitoring activities to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements attributed to an insufficient number of qualified resources and inadequate oversight and accountability over the performance of controls, ineffective identification and assessment or risks impacting internal control over financial reporting, and ineffective monitoring controls; (ii) information system logical access within certain key financial systems; (iii) ineffective accounting procedures and related controls over certain financial statement areas; (iv) inadequate risk assessment, accounting policies, procedures and related controls performed over the procure to pay and revenue recognition processes in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting requirements. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Control 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 Remediation 
 We are continuing to implement remediation plans outlined in our Part II, Item 9A of Annual Report. We also may implement additional changes to our internal control over financial reporting as may be appropriate in the course of remediating the material weaknesses. Management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board, will continue 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 to take steps necessary to remedy the material weaknesses to reinforce the overall design and capability of our control environment. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 PART II: Other information 
 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently aware of any such proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report. 
 
 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of BioLife Solutions, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 # 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 # 
 Certifications of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) # The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (including this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), unless the Company specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act or Section 18 of the Exchange Act and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BIOLIFE SOLUTIONS, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Troy Wichterman Troy Wichterman Chief Financial Officer (Duly authorized officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 
 45 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31-amendedandrest.htm
 EX-3.1

exhibit31-amendedandrest 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF BIOLIFE SOLUTIONS, INC. Section 1. Law, Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 1.1. These Bylaws are subject to the certificate of incorporation of Biolife Solutions, Inc. (the Corporation and such certificate of incorporation, the Certificate of Incorporation ). In these Bylaws (as amended, the Bylaws ), references to law, the certificate of incorporation and Bylaws mean the law, the provisions of the certificate of incorporation and the Bylaws as from time to time in effect. Section 2. Stockholders 2.1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall elect a board of directors and transact such other business as may be required by law or these Bylaws or as may properly come before the meeting. Any annual meeting of stockholders may be postponed by action of the Board of Directors at any time in advance of such meeting. 2.2. Special Meetings. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the directors entitled to cast a majority of the votes of the whole Board of Directors. A special meeting of the stockholders also shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary upon written request of the holders of thirty five percent (35 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereat, or as otherwise required by law. Any such application by the stockholders shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Notice of a special meeting shall state the place, date, hour, and purposes of the meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice of the meeting. 2.3. Place of Meeting. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such place within or without the State of Delaware as may be determined from time to time by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the directors entitled to cast a majority of the votes of the whole Board of Directors. Any adjourned session of any meeting of the stockholders shall be held at the place designated in the vote of adjournment. 2.4. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, notice of each meeting of stockholders shall be given that shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. 2.5. Adjournments. Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, if any, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person or by proxy and vote at such adjourned meeting are (a) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (b) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (c) set forth in the notice of meeting in accordance with Section 2.4 of these Bylaws. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 2.11 of these Bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 2.6. Quorum of Stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, by or pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, at each meeting of stockholders the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of one-third in voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum, the stockholders so present may, by a majority in voting power thereof, adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.5 of these Bylaws until a quorum shall attend. Shares of the Corporation s capital stock shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes if such shares belong to (a) the Corporation, (b) to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly by the Corporation or (c) any other entity, if a majority of the voting power of such other entity is held, directly or indirectly by the Corporation or if such other entity is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own capital stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 2.7. Action by Vote. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a plurality of the votes properly cast for election of directors shall be sufficient to elect directors and a majority of the votes affirmatively cast in favor of any question other than the election of directors shall decide the question, except when a larger or different vote is required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws or by the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation or its securities. No ballot shall be required for any election unless requested by a stockholder present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election. 2.8. Proxy Representation. Every stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy in all matters in which a stockholder is entitled to participate, whether by waiving notice of any meeting, objecting to or voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy must be given by the stockholder or by his/her attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. The authorization of a proxy may but need not be limited to specified action, provided, however, that if a proxy limits its authorization to a meeting or meetings of stockholders, unless otherwise specifically provided such proxy shall entitle the holder thereof to vote at any adjourned session but shall not be valid after the final adjournment thereof. 2.9. Inspectors. The directors or the person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors of election and any substitute inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his/her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his/her ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a stockholder seeks to nominate one or more directors pursuant to Section 3.3 of these Bylaws, the directors shall appoint two inspectors, who shall not be affiliated with the Corporation, to determine whether a stockholder has complied with Section 3.3 of these Bylaws. If the inspector shall determine that a stockholder has not complied with Section 3.3 of these Bylaws, the inspectors shall direct the person presiding over the meeting to declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the Bylaws; and the person presiding over the meeting shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question or matter determined by them and execute a certificate of any fact found by them. 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 2.10. List of Stockholders. The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in his/her name; provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of 10 days ending on the day before the meeting date: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are stockholders entitled to examine such list or to vote in person or by proxy at such meeting. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. 2.11. Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to consent to corporate action without a meeting (where permitted by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation), or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date: (a) in the case of a determination of stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting and, unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting; (b) in the case of a determination of stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting (where permitted by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation), shall not be more than ten (10) days from the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (c) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed: (i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (ii) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting, if any, when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (iii) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for the stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11 at the adjourned meeting. 2.12. Conduct of Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each election, question or business upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be announced at the meeting by the individual presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors may adopt (by resolution or resolutions thereof) such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the individual presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such individual, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting of stockholders. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the individual presiding over the meeting of stockholders, may include, without 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting of stockholders; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting of stockholders and the safety of those present; (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting of stockholders to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the individual presiding over the meeting of stockholders shall determine; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting of stockholders after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants in the meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors or, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting of stockholders, the individual presiding over any meeting of stockholders, in each case, shall have the power and duty to determine whether any election, question or business was or was not properly made, proposed or brought before the meeting of stockholders and therefore shall be disregarded and not be considered or transacted at the meeting, and, if the Board of Directors or the individual presiding over the meeting, as the case may be, determines that such election, question or business was not properly made, proposed or brought before the meeting of stockholders and shall be disregarded and not be considered or transacted at the meeting, the individual presiding over the meeting shall declare to the meeting that such election, question or business was not properly made, proposed or brought before the meeting and shall be disregarded and not be considered or transacted at the meeting, and any such election, question or business shall not be considered or transacted at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the individual presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 2.13. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations. (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (i) Nominations of one or more individuals for election to the Board of Directors by the stockholders generally entitled to vote (each, a Nomination, and more than one, Nominations and the proposal of any question or business other than a Nomination or Nominations to be considered by the stockholders generally entitled to vote (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any question or business other than a Nomination or Nominations required by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation to be voted on solely and exclusively by the holders of any class (voting separately as a class) or series (voting separately as a series) of capital stock of the Corporation then outstanding) (collectively, Business may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto); provided, however, that reference in the Corporation s notice of meeting to the election of directors or the election of members of the Board of Directors shall not include or be deemed to include a Nomination or Nominations, (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (C) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record of the Corporation at the time the notice provided for in this Section 2.13 is delivered to the Secretary, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. (ii) For Nominations or Business to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder pursuant to Section 2.13(a)(i)(C), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary and any proposed Business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting of stockholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. Such stockholder s notice shall set forth: (A) as to each Nomination to be made by such stockholder, (1) all information relating to the individual subject to such Nomination that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), without regard to the application of the Exchange Act to either the Nomination or the Corporation, (2) such individual s written consent to being named in any proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as director if elected, (3) a description of any direct or indirect compensation or benefit (including, without limitation, indemnification and/or advancement rights) to which the individual subject to such Nomination may be entitled under any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person other than the 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 Corporation (including, without limitation, the amount of any such monetary compensation) in connection with such individual s nomination or service as a director of the Corporation and (4) a description of any other material relationship or relationships between or among the individual subject to such Nomination and/or such individual s affiliates and associates, on the one hand, and the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Nomination or Nominations is/are made and/or such stockholder s or beneficial owner s respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with such stockholder or beneficial owner or their respective affiliates and associates, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such stockholder, beneficial owner, affiliate, associate or other person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the individual subject to such Nomination was a director or officer of such registrant; (B) as to the Business proposed by such stockholder, a brief description of the Business, the text of the proposed Business (including the text of any resolution or resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such Business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment), the reason or reasons for conducting such Business at the meeting and any material interest or interests in such Business of such stockholder and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Business is proposed; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Nomination, Nominations or Business is/are made (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner, if any, and any of their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, (2) the class, series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, if any, (3) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and such stockholder (or a qualified representative of such stockholder) intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such Nomination, Nominations or Business and (4) a representation as to whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (x) to deliver by proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the Business or elect the nominee or nominees subject to the Nomination or Nominations and/or (y) to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders of the Corporation in support of such Nomination, Nominations or Business which representation must include a statement as to whether such holder or any beneficial owner intends to solicit the requisite percentage of the Corporation s stock under Rule 14a-19 Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that if the Business is otherwise subject to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereto) promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 14a-8 ), the foregoing notice requirements shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his, her or its intention to present such Business at an annual meeting of stockholders in compliance with Rule 14a-8, and such Business has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting of stockholders. The Corporation may require (1) any individual subject to such Nomination to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such individual subject to such Nomination to serve as a director of the Corporation if elected and (2) the stockholder giving notice to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to demonstrate that any Business is a proper matter for stockholder action at an annual meeting of stockholders. (iii) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 2.13(a)(ii) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors by the stockholders generally entitled to vote at an annual meeting of stockholders is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for election to the additional directorships at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first (1st) anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 2.13 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for election to such additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such Business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto); provided, however, that reference therein to the election of directors or the election of members of the Board of Directors shall not include or be deemed to include Nominations. Nominations may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which one or more directors are to be elected by the stockholders generally entitled to vote pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) as aforesaid (provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting) (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time the notice provided for in this Section 2.13 is delivered to the Secretary, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and upon such election and 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors by the stockholders generally entitled to vote, any such stockholder entitled to vote in such election may make a Nomination or Nominations of one or more individuals (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting pursuant to Section 2.13(a)(i)(A), if the stockholder s notice required by Section 2.13(a)(ii) shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of such special meeting and of the nominee(s) proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such special meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting of stockholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. (c) General. (i) Only individuals subject to a Nomination made in compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13 shall be eligible for election at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and only such Business shall be conducted at an annual or special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before such meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Board of Directors or the individual presiding over an annual or special meeting of stockholders shall have the power and duty to determine whether (A) a Nomination or any Business proposed to be brought before the meeting was or was not made, proposed or brought, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13 and (B) any proposed Nomination, Nominations or Business shall be disregarded or that such Nomination, Nominations or Business shall not be considered or transacted at the meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.13, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders to present a Nomination, Nominations or Business, such Nomination, Nominations or Business shall be disregarded and such Nomination, Nominations or Business shall not be considered or transacted at the meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. (ii) For purposes of this Section 2.13, public announcement shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with or publicly furnished by the Corporation to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 and 15(d) (or any successor thereto) of the Exchange Act. (iii) Nothing in this Section 2.13 shall be deemed to affect any (A) rights or obligations, if any, of stockholders with respect to inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (to the extent the Corporation or such proposals are subject to Rule 14a-8), (B) rights or obligations, if any, of stockholders with respect to the inclusion of a nominee in a universal proxy card pursuant to Rule 14a-19 (or any successor thereto) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (C) rights, if any, of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation as provided for or filed by or pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation and then outstanding to, solely and exclusively, elect one or more directors outstanding. Section 3. Board of Directors 3.1. Number. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall not be less than three (3). The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by a resolution adopted by a majority of directors. The number of directors may be increased at any time or from time to time by the directors by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. The number of directors may be decreased to any number permitted by the foregoing at any time by the directors by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, but only to eliminate vacancies existing by reason of the death, resignation or removal of one or more directors. Directors need not be stockholders. 3.2. Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, each director shall hold office until the successors of such director s class are elected and qualified, or until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 3.3. Nomination. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3.3 shall be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by any stockholder of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting who complies with the notice procedures set forth in Section 2.13. Such nominations, other than those made by or at the discretion of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary. 3.4. Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors who shall have and may exercise all the powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 3.5. Vacancies. Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation as provided for or fixed by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause, shall be filled solely and exclusively by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. Any director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he or she has replaced and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, subject to such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. The directors shall have and may exercise all their powers notwithstanding the existence of one or more vacancies in their number, subject to any requirements of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws as to the number of directors required for a quorum or for any vote or other actions. 3.6. Committees. The Board of Directors may, by vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors, (a) designate, change the membership of or terminate the existence of any committee or committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors; (b) designate one or more directors as alternate members of any such committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee; and (c) determine the extent to which each such committee shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including the power to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which require it and the power and authority to declare dividends or to authorize the issuance of stock; excepting, however, such powers which by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these or by these Bylaws they are prohibited from so delegating. In the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee and his/her alternate, if any, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as may be in the same manner as is provided by these Bylaws for the conduct of business by the Board of Directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors upon request. 3.7. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without call or notice at such places within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the board may from time to time determine, provided that notice of the first regular meeting following any such determination shall be given to absent directors. A regular meeting of the directors may be held without call or notice immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of the stockholders. 3.8. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and at any place within or without the State of Delaware designated in the notice of the meeting, when called by the chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or by one-third or more in number of the directors, reasonable notice thereof being given to each director by the Secretary or by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or any one of the directors calling the meeting. 3.9. Notice. Any time it is necessary to give notice of a board of directors meeting, notice shall be given (i) in person or by telephone to the director at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (ii) by personally delivering 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 written notice to the director s last known business or home address at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (iii) by delivering notice by electronic mail or other electronic transmission at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (iv) by depositing written notice with a reputable delivery service or overnight carrier addressed to the director s last known business or home address for delivery to that address no later than the business day preceding the date of the meeting or (v) by depositing written notice in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the director s last known business or home address no later than the third business day preceding the date of the meeting. Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director if a written waiver of notice, executed by him, or a waiver sent by electronic transmission by him, in either case before or after the meeting, is filed with the records of the meeting, or to any director who attends the meeting without protesting prior thereto or at its commencement the lack of notice to him. Neither notice of a meeting nor a waiver of a notice need specify the purposes of the meeting. 3.10. Quorum. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at any meeting of the directors a majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum; a quorum shall not in any case be less than one-third of the total number of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors, with a minimum of two directors constituting a quorum. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time by a majority of the affirmative votes cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum is present, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further notice. 3.11. Action by Vote. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, when a quorum is present at any meeting the vote of a majority of the directors present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 3.12. Action Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all the members of the board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. 3.13. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone. Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by such board, may participate in a meeting of such board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other or by any other means permitted by law. Such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 3.14. Compensation. In the discretion of the board of directors, each director may be paid such fees for his/her services as director and be reimbursed from his/her reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of his/her duties as director as the board of directors from time to time may determine. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving reasonable compensation therefor. 3.15. Interested Directors and Officers. (a) No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the Corporation s directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable, solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the board or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his/her or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: (1) The material facts as to his/her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum: or (2) The material facts as to his/her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholder entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 (3) The contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. (b) Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorized the contract or transaction. Section 4. Officers and Agents. 4.1. Enumeration: Qualification. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a Secretary, and shall choose a Chairperson of the Board of Directors from among its members. The Board of Directors may also choose a President, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and one or more Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable. The Corporation may also have such agents, if any, as the Board of Directors from time to time may in its discretion choose. Any officer may be but none need be a director or stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may be required by the Board of Directors to secure the faithful performance of his/her duties to the Corporation by giving bond in such amount and with sureties or otherwise as the Board of Directors may determine. 4.2. Powers. Subject to law, to the Certificate of Incorporation and to the other provisions of these Bylaws, each officer shall have, in addition to the duties and powers herein set forth, such duties and powers as are commonly incident to his/her office and such additional duties and powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 4.3. Election. The officers may be elected by the Board of Directors at their first meeting following the annual meeting of the stockholders or at any other time. At any time or from time to time the directors may delegate to any officer their power to elect or appoint any other officer or any agents. 4.4. Tenure. Each officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until his/her respective successor is chosen and qualified unless a shorter period shall have been specified by the terms of his/her election or appointment, or in each case until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. Each agent shall retain his/her authority at the pleasure of the directors, or the officer by whom he was appointed or by the officer who then holds agent appointive power. 4.5. Chairperson of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise specifies, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or if there is none the Chief Executive Officer, if such person also is a director, shall preside, or designate the person who shall preside, at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise specifies, the Chief Executive Officer shall have direct charge of all business operations of the Corporation and, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, shall have general charge and supervision of the business of the corporation. 4.6. Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Treasurers. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise specifies, the Chief Financial Officer shall be the Treasurer of the Corporation and shall be in charge of its funds and valuable papers, and shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. If no Controller is elected, the Chief Financial Officer shall, unless the Board of Directors otherwise specifies, also have the duties and powers of the Controller. Any Assistant Treasurers shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer. 4.7. Controller and Assistant Controller. If a Controller is elected, he shall, unless the Board of Directors otherwise specifies, be the Chief Accounting Officer of the Corporation and be in charge of its books of account and accounting records, and of its accounting procedures. He shall have such other duties and powers and may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer. 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 Any Assistant Controller shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Controller. 4.8. Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The Secretary shall record all proceedings of the stockholders, of the Board of Directors and of committees of the Board of Directors in a book or series of books to be kept therefore and shall file therein all actions by written consent of stockholders or directors. In the absence of the Secretary from any meeting, an Assistant Secretary, or if there be none or he/she is absent, a temporary secretary chosen at the meeting, shall record the proceedings thereof. Unless a transfer agent has been appointed the Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept the stock and transfer records of the Corporation, which shall contain the names and record addresses of all stockholders and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. He or she shall have such other duties and powers as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. Any Assistant Secretaries shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Section 5. Resignations and Removals. 5.1. Any director or officer may resign at any time by delivering his/her resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary or to a meeting of the Board of Directors. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless specified to be effective at some other time, and without in either case the necessity of its being accepted unless the resignation shall so state. A director (including persons elected by directors to fill vacancies in the board) may be removed from office with or without cause by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote in the election of directors. The Board of Directors may at any time remove any officer either with or without cause. The Board of Directors may at any time terminate or modify the authority of any agent. No director of officer resigning and (except where a right to receive compensation shall be expressly provided in a duly authorized written agreement with the Corporation) no director or officer removed shall have any right to any compensation as such director or officer for any period following his/her resignation or removal, or any right to damages on account of such removal, whether his/her compensation be by the month or by the year or otherwise; unless, in the case of a resignation, the directors, or, in the case of removal, the body acting on the removal, shall in their or its discretion provide for compensation. Section 6. Vacancies. 6.1. If the office of Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer or the Secretary becomes vacant, the directors may elect a successor by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. If the office of any other officer becomes vacant, any person or body empowered to elect or appoint that officer may choose a successor. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his/her successor is chosen and qualified or in each case he or she sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. Any vacancy of a directorship shall be filled as specified in Section 3.5 of these Bylaws. Section 7. Capital Stock. 7.1. Stock Certificates. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board of Directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or by the Secretary or an Assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the time of issue. 7.2. Loss of Certificates. In the case of the alleged theft, loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate of stock, a duplicate certificate may be issued in place thereof, upon such terms, including receipt of a bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim on account thereof, as the board of directors may prescribe. Section 8. Transfer of Shares of Stock. 8.1. Transfer on Books. Subject to the restrictions, if any, stated or noted on the stock certificate, shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate therefor properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment and power of attorney properly executed, with necessary transfer stamps affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the Board of Directors or the transfer agent of the Corporation may reasonably require. Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to receive notice and to vote or to give any consent with respect thereto and to be held liable for such calls and assessments, if any, as may lawfully be made thereon, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been properly transferred on the books of the corporation. It shall be the duty of each stockholder to notify the Corporation of his/her post office address. 8.2. Record Date and Closing Transfer Books. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof and in accordance with Section 2.11, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no such record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such payment, exercise or other action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. Section 9. Indemnification. 9.1. Right to Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any individual (a Covered Person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she, or an individual for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, its participants or beneficiaries against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.3, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Covered Person only if the commencement of such proceeding (or part thereof) by the Covered Person was authorized in the specific case by the Board of Directors. 9.2. Prepayment of Expenses. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 9 or otherwise. 9.3. Claims. If (a) a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such proceeding) under this Section 9 is not paid in full within sixty (60) days after a written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation or (b) a claim for advancement of expenses under this Section 9 is not paid in full within twenty (20) days after a written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation, as applicable, the Covered Person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense (including attorneys fees) of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law. In any such action to enforce a claim for indemnification under this Section 9, neither the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the Covered Person is proper in the circumstances because the Covered Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation that the Covered Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Covered Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct. 9.4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section 9 shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or thereafter acquire under any statue, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, by-law agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and legal representatives of such person. 9.5. Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 9.6. Indemnification of Employees or Agents of the Corporation. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses, to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Section 9 with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors or officers of the Corporation. 9.7. Indemnification Contracts. The Board of Directors is authorized to enter into a contract with any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board of Directors so determines, greater than, those provided for in this Section 9. 9.8. Effect of Amendment. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Section 9 by the stockholders or the directors of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. 9.9. Certain Terms. For purposes of this Section 9: (a) references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 the same position under this Section 9 with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation as if its separate existence had continued; (b) references to other enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; (c) reference to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and (d) references to serving at the request of the Corporation or any of its consolidated subsidiaries shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries. Section 10. General Provisions. 10.1. Corporate Seal. Subject to alteration by the directors, the seal of the Corporation shall consist of a flat-faced circular die with the word Delaware and the name of the Corporation cut or engraved thereon, together with such other words, dates or images as may be approved from time to time by the directors. 10.2. Execution of Papers. Except as the Board of Directors may generally or in particular cases authorize the execution thereof in some other manner, all deeds, leases, transfers, contracts, bonds, notes, checks, drafts or other obligations made, accepted or endorsed by the Corporation shall be signed by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary or the Treasurer. 10.3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 10.4. Electronic Transmission. For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission shall mean a form of communication not directly involving the physical transmission of paper that satisfies the requirements with respect to such communications contained in the Delaware General Corporation Law. 10.5. Amendments. These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by vote of a majority of the directors then in office or by vote of a majority of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Any by-law, whether adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders or directors, may be amended or reinstated by the stockholders or the directors. 10.6. Manner of Notice. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or permitted by applicable law, notices to directors and stockholders shall be in writing or electronic transmission and delivered by mail, courier service or electronic mail to the directors or stockholders at their addresses appearing on the records of the Corporation. 10.7. Waiver of Notice of Meetings of Stockholders, Directors and Committees. Any waiver of notice, given by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee of directors need be specified in a waiver of notice. 10.8. Forum of Adjudication of Disputes. (a) Delaware Courts. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any civil action to interpret, apply or enforce any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, (iv) any civil action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction over such action, the sole and exclusive forum for such action shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in all cases, subject to such court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. For the avoidance of doubt, this 

507324348.3 Exhibit 3.1 Section 10.8(a) shall not apply to the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. (b) Federal Courts. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. (c) Application. Failure to enforce the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.8 would cause the Corporation irreparable harm and the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 10.8. This Section 10.8 shall not apply to any action asserting claims arising under the Exchange Act. Adopted effective as of November 12, 2024. 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) or RULE 13d-14(a) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Roderick de Greef, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Roderick de Greef Roderick de Greef Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) or RULE 13d-14(a) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Troy Wichterman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BioLife Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Troy Wichterman Troy Wichterman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of BioLife Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Roderick de Greef, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Roderick de Greef Roderick de Greef Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of BioLife Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Troy Wichterman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Troy Wichterman Troy Wichterman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 blfs-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 blfs-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 blfs-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 blfs-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 blfs-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

