<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1505512_0001628280-24-046316.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5521976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233676</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1070242</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1723639</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1350356</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1049317</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046316.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Regulus Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505512
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				264738379
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35670
		FILM NUMBER:		241436254

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4224 CAMPUS POINT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-202-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4224 CAMPUS POINT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046316.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 rgls-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rgls-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standard s provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of Common Stock 0.001 par value) outstanding. 

REGULUS THERAPEUTICS INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 25 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 Below is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors under Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Quarterly Report before making investment decisions regarding our common stock . 
 
 The approach we are taking to discover and develop drugs is novel and may never lead to marketable products. 
 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover potential product candidates. 
 
 Preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates may not be successful. Success in preclinical studies may not be indicative of the results that may occur in clinical trials for our product candidates. If we are unable to generate successful results from our preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates, or we experience significant delays in doing so, our business may be materially harmed. 
 
 If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Any of our product candidates may cause adverse effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance. 
 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate and we cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any revenue from a future product. 
 
 We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 
 We will need to raise additional capital to develop our product candidates and implement our operating plans, and if we are unable to do so when needed, we will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We will depend upon collaborations for the development and eventual commercialization of certain micro RNA product candidates. If these collaborations are unsuccessful or are terminated, we may be unable to commercialize certain product candidates and we may be unable to generate revenues from our development programs. 
 
 We rely on limited sources of supply for the drug substance of product candidates and any disruption in the chain of supply may cause a delay in developing and commercializing these product candidates. 
 
 Manufacturing issues may arise that could increase product and regulatory approval costs or delay commercialization. 
 
 We rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials, and if those third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, it may harm our business. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our future products and product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 
 We are subject to stringent and evolving laws, regulations, and rules, contractual obligations, industry standards, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Actual or perceived failure by us or the third-parties with whom we work to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation (including class actions); fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. 
 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics in regions where we or third parties with whom we work have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations, or materially affect our operations globally, including at our headquarters in San Diego, and at our clinical trial sites, as well as the business or operations of our collaborators, manufacturers, contract research organizations ("CROs") or other third parties with whom we conduct business. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 3 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Restricted cash Prepaid materials, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangibles, net Right of use asset Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued research and development expenses Accrued compensation Term loan, less debt issuance costs Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Lease liability, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 Class A-2 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 Class A-3 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 Class A-4 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 Class A-5 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 Class A-6 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited); shares authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive gain Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed financial statements. 
 4 

5 

Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Unaudited) Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest and other income Interest and other expense ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized gain on investments, net Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed financial statements. 
 
 6 

Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 
 Convertible preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock and preferred stock from private placement, net of offering costs Issuance of common stock through upon vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock options Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock and preferred stock from private placement, net of offering costs ) ) Issuance of common stock through ATM ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock options Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock through upon vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock and preferred stock from private placement, net of offering costs Issuance of common stock through ATM Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain on investments Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 7 

Convertible preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock-based compensation expense Gain on investments Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock and preferred stock from private placement, net of offering costs Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock through ATM Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock through ATM Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed financial statements. 
 8 

Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Unaudited) Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization expense Stock-based compensation Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on investments, net ) ) Other Change in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid materials ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Accrued research and development expenses ) Accrued compensation ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, net ) ) Other liabilities 
 ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities Purchases of investments ) ) Sales of short-term investments Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of securities through private placement, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net ) Proceeds from exercise of common stock options Payments on term loan ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Interest paid ) ) Income taxes paid ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Non-cash acquisition of property and equipment 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed financial statements. 
 9 

Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Through September 30, 2024, we have principally been financed through net proceeds received from the sale of our common stock and other equity securities, debt financings, up-front payments and milestones received from collaboration agreements, totaling million. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately million of cash, cash equivalents and investments. Based on our operating plans, we believe our cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least 12 months following the issuance of these financial statements. 
 We intend to seek additional capital through equity and/or debt financings, collaborative or other funding arrangements with partners or through other sources of financing. Should we seek additional financing from outside sources, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may be required to scale back or discontinue the advancement of product candidates, reduce headcount, file for bankruptcy, reorganize, merge with another entity, or cease operations. 
 If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we may have to liquidate our assets, and in doing so might realize significantly less for those assets than the values at which they are carried on our financial statements. Stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. 
 
 10 

2. 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, consisting of convertible preferred stock, warrants, stock options and RSUs. Potentially dilutive securities not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share, because to do so would be anti-dilutive, were (in common stock equivalent shares) and , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, consisting of convertible preferred stock, warrants, stock options and RSUs. 
 
 3. 
 11 

As of December 31, 2023, our cash balance was comprised entirely of cash and cash equivalents (money market funds) and there was no unrealized gain or loss. 
 
 4. 
 
 Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value 
 U.S. Treasury securities 
 
 Fair value as of December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash equivalents and investments: Money market funds 
 12 

5. 
 million in proceeds, net of debt issuance costs, on June 22, 2016 (the "Term Loan"). 
 The outstanding Term Loan bore interest at a floating per annum rate equal to (i) plus (ii) the greater of (a) the 30 day U.S. Dollar LIBOR rate reported in The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of the month that immediately precedes the month in which the interest will accrue and (b) . In June 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement (the Rate Amendment pursuant to which, effective July 1, 2023, the Term Loan bore interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) and (b) the sum of (i) the 1-month CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") reference rate on the last business day of the month that immediately preceded the month in which the interest accrued, (ii) and (iii) . 
 
 Under the original Loan Agreement, we were required to make interest-only payments through June 1, 2018, followed by equal monthly payments of principal and unpaid accrued interest. 
 
 The Loan Agreement was amended times between October 2017 through August 2020. On December 31, 2021, we entered into an eleventh amendment to the Loan Agreement (the "Eleventh Amendment"). Under the terms of the Eleventh Amendment, the maturity date for the Term Loan was extended to May 1, 2024. 
 All amounts under the Term Loan were paid as of May 1, 2024. 
 
 6. 
 
 shares of common stock outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to vote. The holders of the common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Company's board of directors. 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 On June 15, 2019, the Company's board of directors approved, and on August 1, 2019 the Company's stockholders approved, the Company's 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the "2019 Plan"). The 2019 Plan is the successor to and continuation of the Company's 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan may be increased by (a) the shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 Plan and the Company s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (together with the 2009 Plan, the Prior Plans that on or after the effective date of the 2019 Plan (i) expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise or settlement; (ii) are forfeited because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares or otherwise return to the Company, or (iii) are reacquired, withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award or to satisfy the purchase price or exercise price of a stock award. No further grants will be made under the Prior Plans. In addition, on January 22, 2020, an additional shares of common stock became available for issuance under the 2019 Plan pursuant to the second closing under our May 2019 securities purchase agreement. Further, on January 1st of each year, beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on January 1, 2024, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan was increased by of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or a lesser number of shares as may be determined by the Company's board of directors. Beginning on January 1, 2025, on January 1st of each year through (and including) January 1, 2029 (the Evergreen Mechanism ), the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan will be increased by of the sum of (x) the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year (without regard to any beneficial ownership limitations applicable thereto) plus (y) the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year plus (z) the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon cash exercise of prefunded warrants outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year (without regard to any beneficial ownership limitations applicable thereto). On June 13, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment 
 13 

shares of common stock available for issuance thereunder. On May 16, 2024, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2019 Plan, which authorized an additional shares of common stock available for issuance thereunder and approved the Evergreen Mechanism. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, shares of common stock were available for new equity award grants under the 2019 Plan and shares of common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to equity awards outstanding under the 2019 Plan as of September 30, 2024. 
 2021 Inducement Plan 
 
 On November 23, 2021, the Company's board of directors adopted the 2021 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan ), which became effective immediately. Stockholder approval of the Inducement Plan was not required pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Inducement Plan initially reserved shares of common stock and provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options that was used exclusively for grants to individuals that were not previously employees or directors of the Company, as an inducement material to the individual s entry into employment with the Company. The authorized number of shares available for grant under the Inducement Plan was subsequently increased in October 2022 to shares in the aggregate, and subsequently increased again in December 2023 to shares in the aggregate. 
 Under the Inducement Plan, options are granted with varying vesting terms, but typically vested over , with of the total grant vesting on the first anniversary of the effective date of the option grant and the remaining grant vesting monthly thereafter over the following months. 
 As of September 30, 2024, shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Inducement Plan and shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance pursuant to equity awards outstanding under the Inducement Plan. 
 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In June 2022, our stockholders approved and we adopted the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2022 Purchase Plan ), which enables participants to contribute up to of such participant s eligible compensation during a defined rolling six-month periods to purchase our common stock. The purchase price of common stock under the 2022 Purchase Plan will be the lesser of: (i) of the fair market value of our common stock at the inception of the enrollment period or (ii) of the fair market value of our common stock at the applicable purchase date. The 2022 Purchase Plan supersedes the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and no further offerings will be made under the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. As of September 30, 2024, a maximum of shares of our common stock were reserved for future issuance and have been authorized for purchase under the 2022 Purchase Plan. 
 
 14 

shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, and (ii) shares of non-voting Class A-6 convertible preferred stock, in lieu of shares of common stock, at a price of per share. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million in the 2024 PIPE after deducting placement agent and financial advisor fees and other expenses. Each share of non-voting Class A-6 convertible preferred stock is convertible into shares of common stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership conversion limitations. 
 
 Stelios Papadopoulos, Ph.D., Chairman of the Company's board of directors, was a 2024 Purchaser under the March 2024 SPA and purchased shares of common stock for million. 
 
 We evaluated the non-voting Class A-6 convertible preferred stock sold in the 2024 PIPE under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined permanent equity treatment was appropriate for these freestanding financial instruments and there were no embedded features that required bifurcation. 
 
 2023 Private Placement of Common Stock and Non-Voting Preferred Stock 
 
 On April 13, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the April 2023 SPA with certain institutional and other accredited investors (the 2023 Purchasers ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue shares of our common stock and shares of our newly designated non-voting Class A-5 convertible preferred stock in a private placement transaction (the "2023 PIPE"). 
 
 At the closing under the April 2023 SPA that occurred on April 13, 2023 (the 2023 Closing ), we sold and issued to the 2023 Purchasers (i) shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, and (ii) shares of non-voting Class A-5 convertible preferred stock, in lieu of shares of common stock, at a price of per share. Total gross proceeds from the 2023 Closing were approximately million. Each share of non-voting Class A-5 convertible preferred stock is convertible into shares of common stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership conversion limitations. 
 
 Stelios Papadopoulos, Ph.D., Chairman of the Company's board of directors, was a 2023 Purchaser under the April 2023 SPA and purchased shares of common stock for million. 
 
 We evaluated the non-voting Class A-5 convertible preferred stock sold in the 2023 PIPE under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined permanent equity treatment was appropriate for these freestanding financial instruments and there were no embedded features that required bifurcation. 
 Additional Outstanding Non-Voting Preferred Stock and Warrants 
 On May 7, 2019, we sold and issued (i) shares of common stock (ii) shares of non-voting Class A-1 convertible preferred stock and (iii) accompanying warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of non-voting Class A-1 convertible preferred stock is convertible into share of common stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership conversion limitations. The warrants were exercisable for a period of following the date of issuance and had an exercise price of per share, subject to proportional adjustments in the event of stock splits or combinations or similar events. The warrants were also exercisable on a net exercise "cashless" basis. The warrants expired on May 7, 2024. 
 On December 24, 2019, we sold and issued shares of non-voting Class A-2 convertible preferred stock and accompanying warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of non-voting Class A-2 convertible preferred stock is convertible into share of common stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership conversion limitations. The warrants are exercisable for a period of following the date of issuance and have an exercise price of per share, subject to proportional adjustments in the event of stock splits or combinations or similar events. The warrants are also exercisable on a net exercise cashless basis. 
 15 

shares of common stock (ii) shares of non-voting Class A-3 convertible preferred stock and (iii) accompanying warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of non-voting Class A-3 convertible preferred stock is convertible into share of common stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership conversion limitations. The warrants are exercisable for a period of following the date of issuance and have an exercise price of per share, subject to proportional adjustments in the event of stock splits or combinations or similar events. The warrants are also exercisable on a net exercise "cashless" basis. 
 On November 30, 2021, we sold and issued (i) shares of common stock and (ii) shares of non-voting Class A-4 convertible preferred stock. Each share of non-voting Class A-4 convertible preferred stock is convertible into share of common stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership conversion limitations. 
 
 ATM Offering 
 
 On December 12, 2018, we entered into a Common Stock Sales Agreement (the Stock Sales Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC HCW ), pursuant to which we may sell and issue shares of our common stock from time to time through HCW, as our sales agent (the ATM Offering ). We have no obligation to sell any shares of common stock in the ATM Offering, and may, at any time, suspend offers under the Stock Sales Agreement or terminate the Stock Sales Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Sales Agreement, HCW will use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell shares of our common stock from time to time based upon our instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other parameters or conditions that we may impose, subject to certain restrictions). We pay HCW a commission of of the gross sales price of any shares sold under the Stock Sales Agreement. 
 
 shares were sold under the ATM Offering during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. A total of and shares were sold and settled under the ATM Offering during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for proceeds of million for each the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Shares Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Class A-2 convertible preferred stock outstanding (as-converted) Class A-3 convertible preferred stock outstanding (as-converted) Class A-4 convertible preferred stock outstanding (as-converted) Class A-5 convertible preferred stock outstanding (as-converted) Class A-6 convertible preferred stock outstanding (as-converted) Warrants to purchase Common Stock Common stock options outstanding RSUs outstanding Common stock available for future grant under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Common stock available for future grant under the 2021 Inducement Plan 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total common shares reserved for future issuance 
 Granted Exercised (options) or Vested (RSUs) ) ) Canceled/forfeited/expired ) ) Stock Awards outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 16 

Volatility Dividend yield Expected term (years) Performance stock options Risk-free interest rate Volatility Dividend yield Expected term (years) Employee stock purchase plan shares Risk-free interest rate Volatility Dividend yield Expected term (years) 
 General and administrative Total 
 
 7. 
 days following the date of delivery of the notice by Sanofi. As of the effective date of the termination of the Sanofi Agreement, we are no longer eligible to receive any option exercise fees, royalties, or development, clinical, regulatory or commercial milestones from Sanofi. 
 17 

8. 
 square feet of rentable area located at 4224 Campus Point Court, Suite 210, San Diego, California, 92121 (the "Campus Point Premises"). The commencement date of the Campus Point Lease was April 15, 2021. However, for accounting purposes the lease commencement date was February 11, 2021. We are using the Campus Point Premises as our principal executive offices and as a laboratory for research and development. The term of the Campus Point Lease Campus Point Initial Term is months, ending April 30, 2026. The aggregate base rent due over the initial term of the Campus Point Lease is approximately million. We are also responsible for the payment of additional amounts to cover our share of the annual operating expenses of the building, the annual tax expenses of the building and the utilities costs for the building. Under the Campus Point Lease, we are required to maintain a deposit of in a specially designated bank account, which we recorded as restricted cash on our balance sheet at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 2025 2026 Total operating lease payments Less: amount representing interest 
 ) Present value of obligations under operating leases Less: current portion 
 ) Long-term operating lease obligations 
 
 9. 
 
 plus the reimbursement of certain patent expenses incurred by UTSW. In addition, the Company agreed to pay UTSW specified payments upon the achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones, totaling up to million, and specified payments upon the achievement of certain commercial milestones, totaling up to million. The Company also agreed to pay UTSW tiered royalties on aggregate net sales of Licensed Products or Licensed Services at a rate of up to a low single-digit percentage, subject to a minimum annual royalty payment in the low tens of thousands of dollars following the first transfer or other disposition for value of a Licensed Product or Licensed Service. The Company is also obligated to pay UTSW a bonus upon the first sublicense granted by the Company for the Licensed Products and the Licensed Services in the low hundreds of thousands of dollars and upon each subsequent sublicense in the high tens of thousands of dollars. 
 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The interim unaudited condensed financial statements and this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, ("Annual 
 18 

Report"), filed with the Securities and Exchange Co mmission on March 21, 2024. Past operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below under Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These statements, which represent our current expectations or beliefs concerning various future events, may contain words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate or other words indicating future results, though not all forward-looking statements necessarily contain these identifying words. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 
 the initiation, cost, timing, progress and results of, and our expected ability to undertake certain activities and accomplish certain goals with respect to our research and development activities, preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of an approved product candidate; 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations; 
 our plans to research, develop and commercialize our product candidates; 
 our ability to attract collaborators with relevant development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 
 future activities to be undertaken by any third parties with whom we collaborate or otherwise contract; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize, and our expectations regarding future therapeutic and commercial potential with respect to our product candidates; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates; 
 our ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; 
 regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 
 the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 
 the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 
 the loss of key scientific or management personnel; 
 our ability to successfully secure and deploy capital; 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding future expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and need for additional financing; and 
 the risks and other forward-looking statements described under the caption Risk Factors under Part II, Item 1A of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing first-in-class drugs targeting micro RNAs to treat diseases with significant unmet medical need. We were formed in 2007 when Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Alnylam") and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Ionis") contributed significant intellectual property, know- 
 19 

how and financial and human capital to pursue the development of drugs targeting micro RNAs pursuant to a license and collaboration agreement. We are currently focused on orphan kidney diseases where micro RNA genetic drivers are implicated and there are clear unmet medical needs. Our product candidate, RGLS8429, an anti-miR oligonucleotide targeting miR-17 for the treatment of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ("ADPKD "), is in Phase 1b clinical development. In June 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") granted orphan drug designation to RGLS8429 for the treatment of ADPKD. 
 
 I n addition to this program, we continue to advance and expand our internal discovery pipeline to identify potential product candidates. 
 micro RNAs are naturally occurring ribonucleic acid ("RNA") molecules that play a critical role in regulating key biological pathways. Scientific research has shown that an imbalance, or dysregulation, of micro RNAs is directly linked to many diseases. Furthermore, many different infectious pathogens interact and bind to host micro RNA to survive. To date, over 500 micro RNAs have been identified in humans, each of which can bind to multiple messenger RNAs that control key aspects of cell biology. Since many diseases are multi-factorial, involving multiple targets and pathways, the ability to modulate multiple pathways by targeting a single micro RNA provides a new therapeutic approach for treating complex diseases. 
 RNA plays an essential role in the process used by cells to encode and translate genetic information from deoxyribonucleic acid ("DNA") to proteins. RNA is comprised of subunits called nucleotides and is synthesized from a DNA template by a process known as transcription. Transcription generates different types of RNA, including messenger RNAs that carry the information for proteins in the sequence of their nucleotides. In contrast, micro RNAs are RNAs that do not code for proteins but rather are responsible for regulating gene expression by modulating the translation and decay of target messenger RNAs. By interacting with many messenger RNAs, a single micro RNA can regulate the expression of multiple genes involved in the normal function of a biological pathway. Many pathogens, including viruses, bacteria and parasites, also use host micro RNAs to regulate the cellular environment for survival. In some instances, the host micro RNAs are essential for the replication and/or survival of the pathogen. 
 We believe that micro RNA therapeutics have the potential to become a new and major class of drugs with broad therapeutic application for the following reasons: 
 
 micro RNAs play a critical role in regulating biological pathways by controlling the translation of many target genes; 
 micro RNA therapeutics regulate disease pathways which may result in more effective treatment of complex multi-factorial diseases; 
 many human pathogens, including viruses, bacteria and parasites, use micro RNAs (host and pathogen encoded) to enable their replication and suppression of host immune responses; and 
 micro RNA therapeutics may be synergistic with other therapies because of their different mechanism of action. 
 We have assembled significant expertise in the micro RNA field, including expertise in micro RNA biology and oligonucleotide chemistry, a broad intellectual property estate, relationships with key opinion leaders and a disciplined drug discovery and development process. We are using our micro RNA expertise to develop chemically modified, single-stranded oligonucleotides that we call anti-miRs to modulate micro RNAs and address underlying disease. We believe micro RNAs may play a critical role in complex disease and that targeting them with anti-miRs may become a source of a new and major class of drugs with broad therapeutic application, much like small molecules, biologics and monoclonal antibodies. 
 Since our inception through September 30, 2024, we have received 530.1 million from the sale of our equity and convertible debt securities, 101.8 million from collaborations, principally from upfront payments, research funding and preclinical and clinical milestones, and 19.8 million in net proceeds from the Term Loan. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 87.3 million. On May 1, 2024, the Term Loan matured and we paid an aggregate of 1.6 million in remaining principal, accrued interest and loan amendment fees. 
 Product Candidate 
 
 RGLS8429: For Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease 
 
 ADPKD is among the most common human monogenic disorders and a leading cause of end-stage renal disease. It is caused by mutations in the PKD1 or PKD2 genes, that leads to reduced levels of their encoded-proteins polycystin-1 ("PC1") and/or polycystin-2 ("PC2") causing formation of multiple fluid filled cysts primarily in the kidneys, and to a lesser extent in the liver and other organs. Typical symptoms include flank pain, hematuria, proteinuria, renal colic, urinary tract infection, hypertension, and intracranial aneurysms. Excessive kidney cyst cell proliferation, a central pathological feature, ultimately 
 20 

leads to end-stage renal disease in approximately 50 of ADPKD patients by age 60. Approximately 160,000 individuals are diagnosed with the disease in the United States alone, with an estimated global prevalence of 4 to 7 million. 
 
 RGLS8429 is a novel, next generation oligonucleotide for the treatment of ADPKD designed to inhibit miR-17 and to preferentially target the kidney. Administration of RGLS8429 has shown clear improvements in kidney function, size, and other measures of disease severity in preclinical models. 
 
 In May 2022, the FDA accepted our Investigational New Drug Application ("IND") for RGLS8429 for the treatment of ADPKD. In September 2022, we announced completion of the Phase 1 single-ascending dose ("SAD") study in healthy volunteers to assess safety, tolerability and PK of RGLS8429. The Phase 1 SAD study demonstrated that RGLS8429 has a favorable pharmacokinetics ("PK") profile. RGLS8429 was well-tolerated with no serious adverse events reported and plasma exposure was approximately linear across the four doses tested. 
 
 In November 2022, we initiated enrollment in a Phase 1b, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple-ascending dose ("MAD") study evaluating the safety, tolerability, PK and pharmacodynamics ("PD") of RGLS8429 in adult patients with ADPKD. The study is evaluating RGLS8429 treatment across three different weight-based dose levels and one fixed dose level, including measuring changes in urinary PC1 and PC2, height-adjusted total kidney volume ("htTKV"), cyst architecture, and overall kidney function. PC1 and PC2 are the protein products of the PKD1 and PKD2 genes and have been shown to inversely correlate with disease severity. 
 
 The first cohort was dosed at 1 mg/kg of RGLS8429 or placebo every other week for three months. In September 2023, we announced positive top-line data from the first cohort of RGLS8429-treated ADPKD patients. RGLS8429 was well tolerated by all nine subjects receiving active drug with no safety findings. 
 
 In March 2024, we announced positive topline results from the second cohort of RGLS8429-treated patients. In the second cohort, 14 patients were randomized 3:1 to receive either 2 mg/kg of RGLS8429 or placebo every other week for three months. RGLS8429 was well tolerated with no safety concerns. Greater biological activity of RGLS8429 was observed at 2mg/kg based on urinary polycystin levels compared to 1mg/kg and placebo, which was most evident after 3 months of dosing. 
 
 In June 2024, we announced positive topline results from the third cohort of RGLS8429-treated patients. In the third cohort, 16 subjects were randomized 3:1 to receive either 3 mg/kg of RGLS8429 or placebo every other week for three months. RGLS8429 was well tolerated with no safety concerns. Continued evidence of a mechanistic dose response was observed following completion of the 3mg/kg dose level based on urinary PC1 and PC2. The 3 mg/kg dose demonstrated more consistent increases in PC1 and PC2 across patients compared to earlier cohorts. 
 
 We have completed weight-based dosing in the Phase 1b study and announced in October 2024 that we completed enrollment in the fourth cohort, consisting of 26 subjects. Patients in the fourth cohort are receiving an open-label fixed-dose of 300 mg of RGLS8429 every other week for three month s. We anticipate reporting topline data in early 2025 on a substantial number of subjects who will have completed the study. In addition to PC1 and PC2 and safety, imaging biomarkers will also be evaluated. 
 
 In December 2023, we held a Type D meeting with the FDA to discuss the accelerated approval pathway. The meeting was constructive and confirmed the potential for an accelerated approval pathway based on a single pivotal Phase 3 study of RGLS8429 for the treatment of ADPKD. 
 
 Preclinical Pipeline 
 
 A major focus of our preclinical research has historically targeted dysregulated micro RNAs implicated in diseases of high unmet medical need where we know we can effectively deliver to the target tissue or organ, such as the liver, kidney and central nervous system ("CNS"). Furthermore, we are investigating the potential for target organ-selective delivery strategies. 
 
 FINANCIAL OPERATIONS OVERVIEW 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist of costs associated with our research activities, including our drug discovery efforts and the development of our therapeutic programs. Our research and development expenses include: 
 
 employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation; 
 21 

external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as CROs, CMOs, other clinical trial related vendors, consultants and our scientific advisors; 
 license fees; and 
 facilities, depreciation and other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, amortization of leasehold improvements and equipment, and laboratory and other supplies. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. We account for nonrefundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities as expenses when the service has been performed or when the goods have been received. Certain of the raw materials used in the process of manufacturing drug product are capitalized upon their acquisition and expensed upon usage, as we have determined these materials have alternative future use. 
 To date, we have conducted research on many differe nt micro RNAs with the goal of understanding how they function and identifying those that might be targets for therapeutic modulation. At any given time we are working on multiple targets, primarily within our therapeutic areas of focus. Our organization is structured to allow the rapid deployment and shifting of resources to focus on the most promising targets based on our ongoing research. As a result, in the early phase of our development programs, our research and development costs are not tied to any specific target. However, we are currently spending the vast majority of our research and development resources on our ADPKD program. 
 Since our inception, we have incurred a total of approximately 456.4 million in research and development expenses through September 30, 2024. 
 The process of conducting clinical trials and preclini cal studies necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We, or any future strategic collaboration partners, may never succeed in achieving marketing approval for any of our product candidates. The probability of success for each product candidate may be affected by numerous factors, including preclinical data, clinical data, regulatory developments, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. 
 Successful development of future product candidates is highly uncertain and may not result in approved products. Completion dates and completion costs can vary significantly for each future product candidate and are difficult to predict. We anticipate we will make determinations as to which programs to pursue and how much funding to direct to each program on an ongoing basis in response to our ability to maintain or enter into new collaborations with respect to each program or potential product candidate, the scientific and clinical success of each future product candidate, as well as ongoing assessments as to each future product candidate s commercial potential. We will need to raise additional capital and may seek additional collaborations in the future in order to advance our various programs. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefits, including stock-based compensation, related to our executive, finance, legal, business development and support functions. Other general and administrative expenses include allocated facility-related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses and professional fees for auditing, tax, intellectual property, legal services and director and officer insurance programs and investor relations costs, some of which are incurred as a result of being a publicly traded company. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense) consists primarily of interest income and expense and various income or expense items of a non-recurring nature. We earn interest income from interest-bearing accounts and money market funds. Interest expense has historically been primarily attributable to interest charges associated with borrowings under the Term Loan, which matured and was fully paid on May 1, 2024. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2023. For a description of critical accounting policies that affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements, refer to Item 7 in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1 to our financial statements contained in our Annual Report and Note 1 to our condensed financial statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 

Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Research and development expenses 11,347 5,488 25,695 15,389 General and administrative expenses 3,863 2,637 10,599 7,420 Interest and other income, net 1,148 301 2,728 834 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 The following tables summarize the components of our research and development expenses for the periods indicated, together with year-over-year changes (dollars in thousands): 
 Increase (decrease) Three months ended September 30, 2024 of total Three months ended September 30, 2023 of total Research and development Personnel and internal expenses 2,949 26 2,189 40 760 35 Third-party and outsourced expenses 7,309 64 2,952 53 4,357 148 Non-cash stock-based compensation 1,018 9 311 6 707 227 Depreciation 71 1 36 1 35 97 Total research and development expenses 11,347 100 5,488 100 5,859 107 
 Increase (decrease) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 of total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 of total Research and development Personnel and internal expenses 7,954 31 6,458 42 1,496 23 Third-party and outsourced expenses 15,432 60 8,204 53 7,228 88 Non-cash stock-based compensation 2,109 8 638 4 1,471 231 Depreciation 200 1 89 1 111 125 Total research and development expenses 25,695 100 15,389 100 10,306 67 
 Research and development expenses were 11.3 million and 25.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 5.5 million and 15.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These amounts reflect the internal and external costs associated with advancing our clinical and preclinical pipeline. The aggregate increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were primarily attributable to internal and external costs associated with the continued clinical advancement of our ADPKD program and an increase in non-cash stock-based compensation. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 3.9 million and 10.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 2.6 million and 7.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to non-cash stock-based compensation. 
 23 

Interest and other income (expenses), net 
 Net interest and other income was 1.1 million and 2.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 0.3 million and 0.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These amounts primarily consisted of interest earned on our cash equivalents and investments, partially offset by interest charges associated with the Term Loan which matured on May 1, 2024. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 87.3 million. In March 2024, we raised approximately 93.9 million in net proceeds from the sale of our common stock and non-voting convertible preferred stock in the 2024 PIPE. 
 If we are unable to maintain sufficient financial resources, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. To fund our operations in both the short term and long term (beyond 12 months), we may seek to raise additional capital through equity and/or debt financings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the needed financing on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally, equity or debt financings may have a dilutive effect on the holdings of our existing stockholders. We believe our existing resources will fund our planned operations and expenditures for at least the next 12 months. 
 Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will depend on many factors, including: 
 the initiation, progress, timing and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our development programs and product candidates, and associated costs; 
 the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue; 
 the terms and timing of any strategic collaboration, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; 
 the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals; 
 delays that may be caused by changing regulatory requirements; 
 the cost and timing of hiring new employees to support our continued growth; 
 the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing and defending patent claims; 
 the costs and timing of procuring clinical and commercial supplies of our product candidates; 
 the costs and timing of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, and the pricing and reimbursement for any products for which we may receive regulatory approval; and 
 the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies. 
 To date, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of equity, and to a lesser extent, through convertible debt, up-front payments, research funding and milestone payments under collaborative arrangements. Since inception, we have primarily devoted our resources to funding research and development, including discovery research, and preclinical and clinical development activities. To fund future operations, we will likely need to raise additional capital. We anticipate that we will seek to fund our operations through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as potential collaboration agreements. We cannot make assurances that anticipated additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Although we have previously been successful in obtaining financing through our equity securities offerings, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. There can be no assurance that deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur in the future. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. 
 On December 12, 2018, we entered into the Sales Agreement with HCW, pursuant to which we may from time to time offer and sell our shares of common stock in at the market offerings, with HCW acting as placement agent. 
 
 24 

The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (unaudited) Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (29,828) (20,643) Investing activities (59,983) 9,559 Financing activities 92,417 12,689 Total 2,606 1,605 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 29.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 20.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to a 11.6 million increase in net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by 2.5 million of adjustments for non-cash charges, including stock-based compensation. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 60.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 9.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to purchases of 83.6 million of investments, partially offset by sales of 24.0 million of investments. The net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was attributable to the sales of 15.0 million of investments, partially offset by purchases of 4.9 million of investments. The investments purchased and sold in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were all U.S. Treasury securities. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 92.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 12.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to total net proceeds received from the 2024 PIPE of 93.9 million, partially offset by principal payments made on the Term Loan. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to total net proceeds received from our 2023 PIPE of 14.0 million and proceeds from shares sold and settled under the ATM Offering of 1.1 million, partially offset by principal payments made on the Term Loan. The Term Loan fully matured on May 1, 2024. 
 
 MATERIAL CASH REQUIREMENTS 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes, outside of the ordinary course of business, in our outstanding contractual obligations or in our material cash requirements from those disclosed under the subheading Material Cash Requirements in our Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Some of the securities that we invest in have market risk where a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amo unt of investments to fluctuate. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and investments. We invest our excess cash primarily in money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to ensure liquidity and to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the interest income we receive from our investments without significantly increasing risk. We have established guidelines regarding approved investments and maturities of investments, which are designed to maintain safety and liquidity. 
 Because of the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and investments, we do not believe that an increase in market rates would have any significant impact on the realized value of our cash equivalents and investments. If a 10 change in interest rates were to have occurred on September 30, 2024, this change would not have had a material effect on t he fair value of our cash equivalents as of that date. 
 25 

We also had interest rate exposure as a result of the Term Loan, which matured on May 1, 2024. 
 The Term Loan bore interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 8.95 and (b) the sum of (i) the 1-month CME Term SOFR reference rate on the last business day of the month that immediately preceded the month in which the interest accrued, (ii) 0.10 and (iii) 8.51 . 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. An evaluation was also performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, of any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter and that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. That evaluation did not identify any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our latest fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We currently are not a party to, and none of our property is the subject of, any material legal proceedings within the meaning of Item 103 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 26 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this report, before deciding whether to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all the factors described when evaluating our business. The risk factors set forth below that are marked with an asterisk ) were not included as a separate risk factor in, or contain changes to the similarly titled risk factors included in, Item 1A of our Annual Report. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE DISCOVERY AND DEVELOPMENT OF PRODUCT CANDIDATES 
 The approach we are taking to discover and develop drugs is novel and may never lead to marketable products. 
 We have concentrated our therapeutic product research and development efforts on micro RNA technology, and our future success depends on the successful development of this technology and products based on our micro RNA product platform. Neither we, nor any other company, has received regulatory approval to market therapeutics targeting micro RNAs. The scientific discoveries that form the basis for our efforts to discover and develop product candidates are relatively new. The scientific evidence to support the feasibility of developing product candidates based on these discoveries is both preliminary and limited. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize product candidates based upon our technological approach, we may not become profitable and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 Further, our focus solely on micro RNA technology for developing drugs as opposed to multiple, more proven technologies for drug development increases the risks associated with the ownership of our common stock. If we are not successful in developing any product candidates using micro RNA technology, we may be required to change the scope and direction of our product development activities. In that case, we may not be able to identify and implement successfully an alternative product development strategy. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover potential product candidates. 
 The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize micro RNA therapeutics. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons, including: 
 our research methodology or that of any future collaboration partner may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates; 
 potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval; or 
 any future collaboration partners may change their development profiles for potential product candidates or abandon a therapeutic area. 
 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 Preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates may not be successful. If we are unable to generate successful results from our preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business may be materially harmed. 
 We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the identification and development of product candidates that target micro RNAs. Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. 
 27 

The success of our product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 
 successfully designing preclinical studies which may be predictive of clinical outcomes; 
 successful results from preclinical and clinical studies; 
 receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection for future product candidates; 
 establishing and maintaining manufacturing relationships with third parties or establishing our own manufacturing capability; and 
 successfully commercializing our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others. 
 
 If we do not, or any future collaboration partners do not, achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we or any future collaboration partners could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully complete the development of, or commercialize, our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. For example, in July 2022, we received notification from Sanofi of its decision to terminate the HERA trial of RG-012 for failure to meet Sanofi s pre-defined futility criteria. In January 2023, we received notification from Sanofi of its decision to terminate the collaboration in its entirety. Preclinical studies, even if successful, may not lead to successful clinical trials and results in early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of successful results in later stage clinical trials. 
 If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of product candidates, we or a collaboration partner must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their products. 
 Events which may result in a delay or unsuccessful completion of clinical development include: 
 
 delays in reaching an agreement with the FDA or other regulatory authorities on final trial design; 
 imposition of a clinical hold of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
 delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 our inability to adhere to clinical trial requirements directly or with third parties such as CROs; 
 delays in obtaining required institutional review board approval at each clinical trial site; 
 delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; 
 delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of the product candidates to the clinical sites; 
 delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 delays caused by patients dropping out of a trial due to protocol procedures or requirements, product side effects or disease progression; 
 clinical sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment; 
 time required to add new clinical sites; or 
 delays by our contract manufacturers to produce and deliver sufficient supply of clinical trial materials. 
 
 For example, in July 2018, we voluntarily paused our Phase 1 MAD clinical trial for RGLS4326 due to unexpected observations in our 27-week mouse chronic toxicity study, which was designed to support the Phase 2 pivotal clinical trial in ADPKD previously planned to start in mid-2019. The observations in the mouse chronic toxicity study were unexpected, given the favorable safety profile of RGLS4326 in previous non-good laboratory practices ("GLP") and GLP toxicity studies at the 
 28 

same or similar doses supporting the IND and Phase 1 clinical trial. In July 2019, the FDA notified us of additional nonclinical data requirements and placed the IND on a partial clinical hold, formalizing the specific requirements to initiate the MAD study and further proceed into chronic dosing. In October 2021, we announced we would discontinue development of RGLS4326 and would instead prioritize RGLS8429, targeting miR-17. 
 
 Additionally, in July 2022, we received notification from Sanofi of its decision to terminate the HERA trial of RG-012 for failure to meet Sanofi s pre-defined futility criteria. In January 2023, we received notification from Sanofi of its decision to terminate the collaboration in its entirety. 
 
 In additio n, enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials could be disrupted by man-made or natural disasters, public health pandemics or epidemics or other business interruptions. 
 If we or any future collaboration partners are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of any product candidates beyond those that are originally contemplated, are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of any such product candidates or other testing, or if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only moderately positive or if there are safety concerns, we or any future collaboration partners may: 
 
 be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; 
 not obtain marketing approval at all; 
 obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as originally intended or desired; 
 obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 
 be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or 
 have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 
 
 For example, although we have discussed with FDA the potential for an accelerated approval pathway based on a single pivotal Phase 2 study of RGLS8429 for the treatment of ADPKD, there is no assurance that FDA will ultimately agree that the conditions for accelerated approval have been satisfied, even if such trial is successful. 
 Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which would impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. Any inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development, whether independently or with a collaboration partner, could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory and commercialization milestones and royalties. 
 Any of our product candidates may cause adverse effects ("AEs") or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance. 
 AEs caused by our product candidates could cause us, other reviewing entities, clinical trial sites or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in the denial of regulatory approval. Certain oligonucleotide therapeutics have shown injection site reactions and pro-inflammatory effects and may also lead to impairment of kidney or liver function. There is a risk that our future product candidates may induce similar AEs. 
 If AEs are observed in any clinical trials of our product candidates, including those that a future collaboration partner may develop under an agreement with us, our or any future collaboration partners ability to obtain regulatory approval for product candidates may be negatively impacted. 
 Further, if any of our future products, if and when approved for commercial sale, cause serious or unexpected side effects, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation strategy; 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 
 29 

we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; 
 we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; or 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us or any future collaboration partners from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our future products and impair our ability to generate revenues from the commercialization of these products either on our own or with a collaboration partner. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate and we cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any revenue from a future product. 
 Neither we nor any collaboration partner can commercialize a product until the appropriate regulatory authorities, such as the FDA, have reviewed and approved the product candidate. The regulatory agencies may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee recommends restrictions on approval or recommends non-approval. In addition, we or a collaboration partner may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory agency policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we will still face extensive regulatory requirements and our products may face future development and regulatory difficulties. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval in the United States, the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of our product candidates, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies or post-market surveillance. The holder of an approved New Drug Application ("NDA") is obligated to monitor and report AEs and any failure of a product to meet the specifications in the NDA. The holder of an approved NDA must also submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules and are subject to FDA review, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. 
 In addition, drug product manufacturers and their facilities are subject to payment of user fees and continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with current good manufacturing practices ("GMP") and adherence to commitments made in the NDA. If we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product such as AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions relative to that product or the manufacturing facility, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. 
 If we or a future collaboration partner fails to comply with applicable regulatory requirements following approval of any of our product candidates, a regulatory agency may: 
 
 issue a warning letter asserting that we are in violation of the law; 
 seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 
 suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; 
 suspend any ongoing clinical trials; 
 refuse to approve a pending NDA or supplements to an NDA submitted by us; 
 seize product; or 
 refuse to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. 
 Moreover, the FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of pharmaceutical products. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Companies may also share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA made in the physician s independent medical 
 30 

judgement. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our future products and generate revenues. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to micro RNA targets, drug compounds and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Presently, we have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patents that we own, to modulate only a subset of the known micro RNA targets. Because our programs may involve a range of micro RNA targets, including targets that require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. In addition, our product candidates may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and these rights may be held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 
 For example, we may collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. Typically, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such right of first negotiation for intellectual property, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer. 
 We may use our financial and human resources to pursue a particular research program or product candidate and fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and human resources, we may have to pursue collaboration agreements for the development and commercialization of our programs and potential product candidates in indications with potentially large commercial markets, while focusing our internal development resources and any internal sales and marketing organization that we may establish on research programs and product candidates for selected smaller markets, such as orphan diseases. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other programs or product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate, or we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the 
 31 

risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL 
 
 We will need to raise additional capital to develop our product candidates and implement our operating plans, and if we are unable to do so when needed, we will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 87.3 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments. We believe our existing resources will be sufficient to fund our planned operations and expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We will need to raise additional capital in the future to fund our operations, and if we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we will not be able to continue as a going concern. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is expensive. We expect our research and development expenses to substantially increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our product candidates towards or through clinical trials. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and suc h funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 For the foreseeable future, we expect to rely primarily on equity and/or debt financings to fund our operations. If there is volatility in the equity markets, it may create additional challenges to raising sufficient additional capital through an equity or equity-linked financing. Rai sing additional capital through the sale of securities could cause significant dilution to our stockholders . If we raise capital through future debt financings, the debt instruments governing such indebtedness may contain provisions that require us to comply with various covenants such as requiring us to maintain certain minimum cash balances or restricting our ability to dispose of assets, complete a merger or acquisition, incur indebtedness, encumber our assets, pay dividends or make other distributions to our stockholders, make specified investments and engage in transactions with our affiliates. In addition, if such indebtedness is secured against our assets, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness when payment is due, the lenders could proceed against the collateral or force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend, in part, on the success of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and other product development activities, regulatory events, our ability to identify and enter into licensing or other strategic arrangements, and other events or conditions that may affect our value or prospects, as well as factors related to financial, economic and market conditions, many of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurances that sufficient funds will be available to us when required or on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may be required to: 
 
 significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of any future product candidates; 
 seek collaborations, or amend existing collaborations, for research and development programs at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or for the development of programs that we otherwise would have sought to develop independently, or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; 
 dispose of technology assets, or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or any future product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves; 
 pursue the sale of our company to a third party at a price that may result in a loss on investment for our stockholders; or 
 file for bankruptcy or cease operations altogether. 
 
 32 

Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Since inception, our operations have been primarily limited to acquiring and in-licensing intellectual property rights, developing our micro RNA product platform, undertaking basic research around microRNA targets and conducting preclinical and clinical studies for our initial programs. We have not yet obtained regulatory approval for any product candidates. Consequently, any predictions about our future success or viability, or any evaluation of our business and prospects, may not be accurate. 
 We have incurred losses in each year since our inception in September 2007. Our net loss was 14.1 million and 33.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 7.8 and 22.0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 546.8 million. 
 
 We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical and clinical development activities. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and convertible debt, through the Term Loan and from revenue received from our former collaboration partners. 
 The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures and our ability to obtain funding through equity or debt financings, collaborations or grants. We initiated clinical development of RGLS8429 in the second quarter of 2022. Even if we or a future collaboration partner successfully obtains regulatory approval to market a product candidate, our revenues will also depend upon the size of any markets in which our product candidates have received market approval, and our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance and adequate market share for our products. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: continue our research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, both independently and under any future collaboration agreements; seek to identify additional micro RNA targets and product candidates; acquire or in-license other products and technologies; continue with clinical development of our product candidates; seek marketing approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; hire additional clinical, regulatory, research and administrative personnel; and create additional infrastructure to support our operations and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts. 
 We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with collaboration partners, to successfully complete the development of, obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for and commercialize product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenues from sales of products for the foreseeable future, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales depends heavily on our success in: 
 
 identifying and validating new micro RNAs as therapeutic targets; 
 completing our research and preclinical development of product candidates; 
 initiating and completing clinical trials for product candidates; 
 seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties; 
 launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval, with a collaboration partner or, if launched independently, successfully establishing a sales force, marketing and distribution infrastructure; 
 maintaining, protecting and expanding our intellectual property portfolio; and 
 attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses and when we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies to perform studies and trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate. 
 33 

Even if one or more of the product candidates that we independently develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product. Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTIES 
 We may depend upon collaborations for the development and eventual commercialization of certain micro RNA product candidates. If these collaborations are unsuccessful or are terminated, we may be unable to commercialize certain product candidates and we may be unable to generate revenues from our development programs. 
 
 We may depend upon third party collaboration partners for financial and scientific resources for the clinical development and commercialization of certain of our microRNA product candidates. These collaborations will likely provide us with limited control over the course of development of a microRNA product candidate, especially once a candidate has reached the stage of clinical development. 
 Our ability to recognize revenues from successful collaborations may be impaired by several factors including: 
 
 a collaboration partner may shift its priorities and resources away from our programs due to a change in business strategies, or a merger, acquisition, sale or downsizing of its company or business unit; 
 a collaboration partner may cease development in therapeutic areas which are the subject of the collaboration; 
 a collaboration partner may change the success criteria for a particular program or potential product candidate thereby delaying or ceasing development of such program or candidate; 
 a significant delay in initiation of certain development activities by a collaboration partner will also delay payment of milestones tied to such activities, thereby impacting our ability to fund our own activities; 
 a collaboration partner could develop a product that competes, either directly or indirectly, with a collaboration product; 
 a collaboration partner with commercialization obligations may not commit sufficient financial or human resources to the marketing, distribution or sale of a product; 
 a collaboration partner with manufacturing responsibilities may encounter regulatory, resource or quality issues and be unable to meet demand requirements; 
 a collaboration partner may exercise its rights under the agreement to terminate the collaboration; 
 a dispute may arise between us and a collaboration partner concerning the research, development or commercialization of a program or product candidate resulting in a delay in milestones, royalty payments or termination of a program and possibly resulting in costly litigation or arbitration which may divert management attention and resources; and 
 a collaboration partner may use our proprietary information or intellectual property in such a way as to invite litigation from a third party or fail to maintain or prosecute intellectual property rights such that our rights in such property are jeopardized. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct some aspects of our compound formulation, research and preclinical studies, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such formulation, research or testing. 
 We do not expect to independently conduct all aspects of our drug discovery activities, compound formulation research or preclinical studies of product candidates. We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct some aspects of our preclinical studies and formulation development. 
 Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at any time. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our product development activities. Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, for product candidates that we develop and commercialize on our own, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our IND-enabling studies and clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the study plan and protocols for the trial. 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated study plans and protocols, we will not be able to complete, or may be 
 34 

delayed in completing, the necessary preclinical studies to enable us or any future collaboration partners to select viable product candidates for IND submissions and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully develop and commercialize such product candidates. 
 We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce our preclinical and clinical product candidates, and we intend to rely on third parties to produce future clinical supplies of product candidates that we advance into clinical trials and commercial supplies of any approved product candidates. 
 Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks, including risks that we would not be subject to if we manufactured the product candidates ourselves, including: 
 
 the inability to meet any product specifications and quality requirements consistently; 
 a delay or inability to procure or expand sufficient manufacturing capacity; 
 manufacturing and product quality issues related to scale-up of manufacturing; 
 costs and validation of new equipment and facilities required for scale-up; 
 a failure to comply with GMP and similar foreign standards; 
 the inability to negotiate manufacturing or supply agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms; 
 termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; 
 the reliance on a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single sources for raw materials, such that if we are unable to secure a sufficient supply of these product components, we will be unable to manufacture and sell future product candidates in a timely fashion, in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms; 
 the lack of qualified backup suppliers for any raw materials that are currently purchased from a single source supplier; 
 operations of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier; 
 carrier disruptions or increased costs that are beyond our control; 
 disruptions caused by man-made or natural disasters or public health pandemics or epidemics or other business interruptions; and 
 the failure to deliver products under specified storage conditions and in a timely manner. 
 Any of these events could lead to clinical study delays or failure to obtain regulatory approval, or impact our ability to successfully commercialize future products. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA action, including injunction, recall, seizure or total or partial suspension of production. 
 We rely on limited sources of supply for the drug substance of product candidates and any disruption in the chain of supply may cause a delay in developing and commercializing these product candidates. 
 We have established manufacturing relationships with a limited number of suppliers to manufacture raw materials and the drug substance of any product candidate for which we are responsible for preclinical or clinical development. Each supplier may require licenses to manufacture such components if such processes are not owned by the supplier or in the public domain. As part of any marketing approval, a manufacturer and its processes are required to be qualified by the FDA prior to commercialization. If supply from the approved vendor is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply. An alternative vendor would need to be qualified through an NDA supplement which could result in further delay. The FDA or other regulatory agencies outside of the United States may also require additional studies if a new supplier is relied upon for commercial production. Switching vendors may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial timelines. 
 In addition, if any future collaboration partners elect to pursue the development and commercialization of certain programs, we will lose control over the manufacturing of the product candidate subject to the agreement. 
 These factors could cause the delay of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, required approvals or commercialization of our product candidates, delay milestone payments owed to us or cause us to incur higher costs and prevent us from commercializing our products successfully. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of 
 35 

active pharmaceutical ingredients on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production in a timely manner at a substantially equivalent cost, our clinical trials may be delayed or we could lose potential revenue. 
 Manufacturing issues may arise that could increase product and regulatory approval costs or delay commercialization. 
 As we scale-up manufacturing of product candidates and conduct required stability testing, product, packaging, equipment and process-related issues may require refinement or resolution in order to proceed with any clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for commercial marketing. We may identify significant impurities, which could result in increased scrutiny by the regulatory agencies, delays in clinical programs and regulatory approval, increases in our operating expenses, or failure to obtain or maintain approval for product candidates or any approved products. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials, and if those third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, it may harm our business. 
 We rely, and any future collaboration partners may rely, on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials. While we will have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance. We control only certain aspects of our CROs activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. 
 We, any future collaboration partners and our CROs are required to comply with the FDA s or other regulatory agency s current good clinical practices ("GCPs") for conducting, recording and reporting the results of IND-enabling studies and clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical trial participants are protected. The FDA and non-U.S. regulatory agencies enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or applicable non-U.S. regulatory agency may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving any marketing applications for the relevant jurisdiction. Upon inspection, the FDA or applicable non-U.S. regulatory agency may determine that our clinical trials did not comply with GCPs. In addition, our clinical trials will require a sufficiently large number of test subjects to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of a potential drug product. Accordingly, if our CROs fail to comply with these regulations or fail to recruit a sufficient number of patients, we may be required to repeat such clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 Our CROs will not be our employees, and we will not be able to control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical and nonclinical programs. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials, or other drug development activities which could harm our competitive position. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements, or for any other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for such products and any product candidates that we develop would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 
 We also rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug products for any clinical trials that we may conduct. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our products, if approved, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 36 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our future products and product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our future products and product candidates. The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in patents with claims that cover the products in the United States or in other countries. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found; such prior art can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing based on a pending patent application. Even if patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed or invalidated. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. 
 If the patent applications we hold or have in-licensed with respect to our programs or product candidates fail to issue or if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop product candidates, and threaten our ability to commercialize, future products. We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. A patent may be challenged through one or more of several administrative proceedings including post-grant challenges, re-examination or opposition before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or foreign patent offices. Any successful challenge of patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of any product candidates that we or any future collaboration partners may develop. 
 Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, and some remain so until issued, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file any patent application related to a product candidate. Furthermore, in certain situations, if we and one or more third parties have filed patent applications in the United States and claiming the same subject matter, an administrative proceeding, known as an interference, can be initiated to determine which applicant is entitled to the patent on that subject matter. Such an interference proceeding provoked by third parties or brought by us may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications, or those of licensors or any future collaboration partners. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of a patent or patent application in such a proceeding may not be successful and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 
 In addition, patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available however the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from generic medications. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product candidate under patent protection could be reduced. 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our drug discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. Although each of our employees agrees to assign their inventions to us through an employee inventions agreement, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed or that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. 
 Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If we are unable to prevent material disclosure of the non-patented intellectual property related to our technologies to third parties, and there is no guarantee that we will have any such enforceable trade secret protection, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 37 

Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are pursuing development candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our product candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire. Similarly, if any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are a party to a number of intellectual property license agreements that are important to our business and expect to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our existing license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations on us. For example, our exclusive license agreements with our founding companies, Alnylam and Ionis, provide us with rights to nucleotide technologies in the field of micro RNA therapeutics based on oligonucleotides that modulate micro RNAs. Some of these technologies, such as intellectual property relating to the chemical modification of oligonucleotides, are relevant to our product candidate development programs. If our license agreements with Alnylam or Ionis are terminated, or our business relationships with either of these companies or our other licensors are disrupted by events that may include the acquisition of either company, our access to critical intellectual property rights will be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates, and we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our future products, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties. 
 38 

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. 
 Our defense in a litigation may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of our employees former employers or other third parties. We may also be subject to claims that former employers or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. There is no guarantee of success in defending these claims, and if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and other employees. 
 RISKS RELATED TO COMMERCIALIZATION OF PRODUCT CANDIDATES 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive. We have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and universities and other research institutions. Our competitors may have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis, drug products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we may develop. 
 Most of our programs are targeted toward indications for which there are approved products on the market or product candidates in clinical development. We will face competition from other drugs currently approved or that will be approved in the future for the same therapeutic indications. Our ability to compete successfully will depend largely on our ability to leverage our experience in drug discovery and development to: 
 
 discover and develop therapeutics that are superior to other products in the market; 
 attract qualified scientific, product development and commercial personnel; 
 obtain patent and/or other proprietary protection for our micro RNA product platform and future product candidates; 
 obtain required regulatory approvals; and 
 successfully collaborate with pharmaceutical companies in the discovery, development and commercialization of new therapeutics. 
 39 

The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. We will not achieve our business plan if the acceptance of any of these products is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing drug products to our products, or if physicians switch to other new drug products or choose to reserve our future products for use in limited circumstances. The inability to compete with existing or subsequently introduced drug products would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make our product candidates less competitive. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA approval or discovering, developing and commercializing product candidates before we do, which would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 The commercial success of our product candidates will depend upon the acceptance of these product candidates by the medical community, including physicians, patients and healthcare payors. 
 The degree of market acceptance of any product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
 demonstration of clinical safety and efficacy compared to other products; 
 the relative convenience, ease of administration and acceptance by physicians, patients and healthcare payors; 
 the prevalence and severity of any AEs; 
 limitations or warnings contained in the FDA-approved label for such products; 
 availability of alternative treatments; 
 pricing and cost-effectiveness; 
 the effectiveness of our or any collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 
 our ability to obtain hospital formulary approval; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third party coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 
 the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third party coverage. 
 Unless other formulations are developed in the future, we expect our compounds to be formulated in an injectable form. Injectable medications may be disfavored by patients or their physicians in the event drugs which are easy to administer, such as oral medications, are available. If a product is approved, but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients and healthcare payors, we may not generate sufficient revenues from such product and we may not become or remain profitable. 
 If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may be unable to generate any revenues. 
 We currently do not have an organization for the sales, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products and the cost of establishing and maintaining such an organization may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. In order to market any products that may be approved, we must build our sales, marketing, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. With respect to certain of our current programs as well as future programs, we may rely completely on a collaboration partner for sales and marketing. In addition, we intend to enter into collaborations with third parties to commercialize other product candidates, including in markets outside of the United States or for other large markets that are beyond our resources. Although we intend to establish a sales organization if we are able to obtain approval to market any product candidates for niche markets in the United States, we will also consider the option to enter into collaborations for future product candidates in the United States if commercialization requirements exceed our available resources. This will reduce the revenue generated from the sales of these products. 
 40 

Any future collaboration partners may not dedicate sufficient resources to the commercialization of our product candidates or may otherwise fail in their commercialization due to factors beyond our control. If we are unable to establish effective collaborations to enable the sale of our product candidates to healthcare professionals and in geographical regions, including the United States, that will not be covered by our own marketing and sales force, or if our potential future collaboration partners do not successfully commercialize the product candidates, our ability to generate revenues from product sales will be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue and may not become profitable. We will be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 
 If we obtain approval to commercialize any approved products outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. 
 If any product candidates that we develop are approved for commercialization, we may also enter into agreements with third parties to market them on a worldwide basis or in more limited geographical regions. We expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 
 
 different regulatory requirements for drug approvals in foreign countries; 
 different payor reimbursement regimes, governmental payors or patient self-pay systems and price controls; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 
 unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 
 economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 
 business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, natural disasters, including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, public health pandemics or epidemics or other business interruptions. 
 Coverage and adequate reimbursement may not be available for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell products profitably. 
 Market acceptance and sales of any product candidates that we develop will depend on coverage and reimbursement policies and may be affected by future healthcare reform measures. Government authorities and third party payors, such as private health insurers, government payors and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. We cannot be sure that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be available for any future product candidates. Also, inadequate reimbursement amounts may reduce the demand for, or the price of, our future products. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize product candidates that we develop. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we or our collaborators receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 In addition, we cannot be certain if and when we will obtain formulary approval to allow us to sell any products that we may develop and commercialize into our target markets. Obtaining formulary approval from hospitals and from payors can be an expensive and time-consuming process. Failure to obtain timely formulary approval will limit our commercial success. 
 There have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in the United States and in some foreign jurisdictions that could affect our ability to sell products profitably. These legislative and/or regulatory 
 41 

changes may negatively impact the reimbursement for drug products, following approval. The availability of numerous generic treatments may also substantially reduce the likelihood of reimbursement for our future products. The potential application of user fees to generic drug products may expedite the approval of additional generic drug treatments. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any products that we develop, due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. If we fail to successfully secure and maintain reimbursement coverage for our future products or are significantly delayed in doing so, we will have difficulty achieving market acceptance of our future products and our business will be harmed. 
 In addition, in some non-U.S. jurisdictions, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union ("EU") provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally tend to be priced significantly lower. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND INDUSTRY 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 We are highly dependent on principal members of our executive team, the loss of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. While we have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers, any of them could leave our employment at any time, as all of our employees are at will employees. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of skilled executives in our industry, which is likely to continue . As a result, competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical companies for individuals with similar skill sets. In addition, failure to succeed in preclinical studies and clinical trials may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit or loss of the services of any executive or key employee might impede the progress of our research, development and commercialization objectives. 
 We may need to expand our organization and may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had 32 employees, all of which were full-time employees. In the future, we may need to expand our organization. 
 Future growth would impose significant addit ional responsibilities on our management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate and integrate additional employees, consultants and contractors. Also, our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. Moreover, if our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenues could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 
 42 

Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative sanctions. 
 We may undertake internal restructuring activities that could result in disruptions to our business or otherwise materially harm our results of operations or financial condition. 
 From time to time we may undertake internal restructuring activities as we continue to evaluate and attempt to optimize our cost and operating structure in light of developments in our business strategy and long-term operating plans. For example, we initiated a corporate restructuring in May 2017 and in July 2018, each of which resulted in a reduction in our workforce. Any restructuring activities that we may undertake in the future may result in write-offs or other restructuring charges. There can be no assurance that any restructuring activities that we undertake in the future will achieve the cost savings, operating efficiencies or other benefits that we may initially expect. Restructuring activities may also result in a loss of continuity, accumulated knowledge and inefficiency during transitional periods and thereafter. In addition, internal restructurings can require a significant amount of time and focus from management and other employees, which may divert attention from commercial operations. If any internal restructuring activities we undertake in the future fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits therefrom, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Certain current and future relationships with customers and third party payors as well as certain of our business operations may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and information security laws and other privacy and information security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied or are perceived to have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face significant penalties, including criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 
 Our operations may be directly, or indirectly through our relationships with customers, third party payors, healthcare providers, and others subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education programs. The laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but may not be limited to: 
 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase or recommendation of an item or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
 federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to the federal government, including Medicare or Medicaid, that are false or fraudulent; 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 
 
 43 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH") and its implementing regulations, which also imposes certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information of covered entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, as well as their business associates, independent contractors of a covered entity that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information on their behalf and their subcontractors that use, disclose, access, or otherwise process individually identifiable health information; 
 
 the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS") information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, and further requires applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 
 state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as: anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; state laws that require the reporting of information related to drug pricing; and state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation (or perceived to be in violation) of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, litigation, significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs, disgorgement, imprisonment, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, including interrupting or stopping clinical trials, and our results of operations. 
 
 Recent and future healthcare legislation may further impact our business operations. 
 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 44 

For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the "ACA"), was passed and includes measures to significantly change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have been signed into law. Legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"), includes a provision which repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . In addition, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated, effective January 1, 2020, the ACA-mandated Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and, effective January 1, 2021, also eliminated the health insurer tax. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA") into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011, which began in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, will remain in effect until 2032, unless additional Congressional action is taken. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 
 Further, there has be en heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and federal and state legislative activity designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. HHS has and will continue to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented. These provisions took effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023. On August 15, 2024, HHS announced the agreed-upon reimbursement prices of the first ten drugs that were subject to price negotiations, although the Medicare drug price negotiation program is currently subject to legal challenges. HHS will select up to fifteen additional drugs covered under Part D for price negotiation in 2025. In response to the Biden administration s October 2022 executive order, on February 14, 2023, HHS released a report outlining three new models for testing by the CMS Innovation Center which will be evaluated on their ability to lower the cost of drugs, promote accessibility, and improve quality of care. It is unclear whether the models will be utilized in any health reform measures in the future. Further, on December 7, 2023, the Biden administration announced an initiative to control the price of prescription drugs through the use of march-in rights under the Bayh-Dole Act. On December 8, 2023, the National Institute of Standards and Technology published for comment a Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of March-In Rights which for the first time includes the price of a product as one factor an agency can use when deciding to exercise march-in rights. While march-in rights have not previously been exercised, it is uncertain if that will continue under the new framework. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA approved Florida s Section 804 Importation Program ("SIP") proposal to import certain drugs from Canada for specific state healthcare programs. It is unclear how this program will be implemented, including which drugs will be chosen, and whether it will be subject to legal challenges in the United States or Canada. Other states have also submitted SIP proposals that are pending review by the FDA. Any such approved importation plans, when implemented, may result in lower drug prices for products covered by those programs. 
 
 45 

We expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 
 We cannot predict what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future. Further federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory developments are likely, and we expect ongoing initiatives to increase pressure on drug pricing. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenues from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 
 We face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. 
 The use of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. Certain oligonucleotide therapeutics have shown injection site reactions and pro-inflammatory effects and may also lead to impairment of kidney or liver function. There is a risk that our current and future product candidates may induce similar AEs. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 impairment of our business reputation; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 costs due to related litigation; 
 distraction of management s attention from our primary business; 
 substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 
 the inability to commercialize our product candidates; and 
 decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. 
 We maintain product liability insurance relating to the use of our therapeutics in clinical trials. However, such insurance coverage may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and in the future we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. 
 We and the third parties with whom we work are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our (or the third parties with whom we work) actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions, litigation (including class actions), fines and penalties, a disruption of our business operations; reputational harm, loss of revenue or profits, and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, "processing") personal data and other sensitive and confidential information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, data we may collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials, sensitive third-party data, and employee data (collectively, "sensitive data"). Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. Data privacy and security obligations are stringent and changing, with new data privacy and security laws being proposed or enacted. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires significant resources and may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. The laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but may not be limited to: 
 
 46 

HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which imposes certain requirements on certain types of individuals and entities relating to the privacy, security and transmission of certain individually identifiable health information. For more information regarding risks associated with HIPAA, please refer to the section above that discusses risks associated with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations; 
 
 the EU s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR and the United Kingdom GDPR ("UK GDPR"), which contain provisions specifically directed at the processing of health information and, more broadly, imposes significant and complex compliance burdens on processing personal data. Under the EU and UK GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million Euros (17.5 million British Pounds under the UK GDPR) or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to the processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. We anticipate that over time we may expand our business operations to include additional operations in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United Kingdom ("UK"), including potentially conducting preclinical and clinical trials and, with such expansion, we would be subject to increased governmental regulation in the European countries in which we might operate, including but not limited to the EU and UK GDPR; 
 
 the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), (collectively, CCPA ), which requires covered companies to provide disclosures to California residents, including consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for statutory fines of up to 7,500 per intentional violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data under the CCPA, the CCPA may impact (possibly significantly) our business activities, should we become subject to the CCPA in the future. In addition to the CCPA, other U.S. states, such as Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia, have also enacted comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. While many of these state laws, like the CCPA, exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties with whom we work. Other states are considering and may adopt similar laws and; 
 
 data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws) enacted by federal, state, and local governments in the United States. 
 
 As our company grows, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the EEA and the UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA standard contractual clauses, the UK s International Data Transfer Agreement / Addendum, and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK extension thereto (which allows for transfers to relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance and participate in the Framework), these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK, or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or other foreign jurisdictions. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere; limiting our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to such cross-border data transfer or localization laws; or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities and infrastructure in foreign jurisdictions at significant expense. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the EU GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 
 In addition to data privacy and security laws, we are bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. We also publish policies, marketing materials, and other statements regarding data privacy and security and if these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators, or other adverse consequences. 
 
 47 

Obligations related to data privacy and security (and individuals data privacy expectations) are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources, which may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. 
 
 We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties with whom we work may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party with whom we work to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to or interruption in our ability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. If we or the third parties with whom we work fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans or restrictions on processing personal data (including clinical trial data); orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. 
 
 Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including, as relevant, clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks and the failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems or data, and those maintained on our behalf, could result in material adverse impact to our business, including without limitation regulatory investigations or actions, a material interruption to our operations, including clinical trials, damage to our reputation and/or subject us to costs, fines and penalties or lawsuits. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we and the third parties with whom we work process sensitive data, and, as a result, we and the third parties with whom we work face a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, which could cause security incidents. Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties with whom we work. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors now engage in attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions) for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties with whom we work may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our services. 
 
 We and third parties with whom we work may also be the subject of a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through deep fakes, which may be increasingly more difficult to identify as fake, and phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks, credential stuffing, credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, attacks enhanced or facilitated by AI, and other similar threats. Threat actors may continue to develop and use more sophisticated tools and techniques (including AI) that are specifically designed to circumvent security controls, evade detection, and obfuscate forensic evidence, making it more difficult for us to identify, investigate and recover from incidents. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, disruption of clinical trials, loss of data (including data related to clinical trials), loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments (including, for example, if applicable laws or regulations prohibit such payments). 
 
 48 

It may be difficult and/or costly to detect, investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate a security incident. Our efforts to do so may not be successful. Actions taken by us or the third parties with whom we work to detect, investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate a security incident could result in outages, data losses, and disruptions of our business. Threat actors may also gain access to other networks and systems after a compromise of our networks and systems. 
 
 We rely on a global enterprise software system to operate and manage our business, and our business therefore depends on the continuous, effective, reliable, and secure operation of our computer hardware, software, services, networks, communications, Internet servers and related infrastructure. We rely upon third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems and process sensitive data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If the third parties with whom we work experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if the third parties with whom we work fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. Similarly, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. Our remote workforce poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against a security incident, there can be no assurance that our security measures or those of the third parties with whom we work will be effective in protecting against a security incident. We take steps designed to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may be unable in the future to detect, anticipate, or prevent such vulnerabilities in our information technology, services (or those of the third parties with whom we work) because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after an incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in deploying remedial measures or patches designed to address identified vulnerabilities. Vulnerabilities could be exploited and result in a security incident. 
 Any of the aforementioned threats could cause a security incident, which, in turn, could result in unauthorized access to, damage to, disablement or encryption of, use or misuse of, disclosure of, modification of, destruction of, or loss of our data or our customers data (or that of the third parties with whom we work), or disrupt our ability to provide our services or our service providers ability to support our services. As a result, our business could suffer. The integrity and protection of our sensitive data, including employee and personal health information, is critical to our business, and employees and others have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. 
 We may expend significant resources, fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our operations, including our clinical trial activities, or information technology in an effort to protect against security incidents. Applicable data protection laws, privacy policies or other obligations related to data privacy (e.g. contractual obligations, obligations related to membership in industry organizations) may require us to implement specific security measures or use industry-standard or reasonable measures to protect against security measures. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us, or we may voluntarily choose, to notify relevant stakeholders, including affected individuals, customers, regulators, and investors, of security incidents, or to implement other requirements, such as providing credit monitoring and identify theft protection services. Such disclosures and related actions can be costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such applicable requirements could lead to adverse consequences. The regulatory environment governing information, security and privacy is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. Maintaining compliance with applicable information security and privacy obligations may increase our operating costs. 
 
 If we, or a third party with whom we work, experience a security incident, or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, such as: government enforcement actions that could include investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections; additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing of sensitive data (which could impact our clinical trials); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our services, deter new customers from using our services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 
 49 

Furthermore, our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages if we fail to comply with applicable data protection laws, privacy policies or data protection obligations related to information security or security incident. Additionally, we cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities or damages with respect to claims, costs, expenses, litigation, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, regulatory actions or material adverse impacts arising out of our privacy and security practices, processing or security incidents we may experience, or that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 Changes in funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 
 Our business and operations might be disrupted or adversely affected by catastrophic events. 
 
 Our headquarters are located in San Diego County. We are vulnerable to natural disasters such as earthquakes and wild fires, as well as other events that could disrupt our operations. We do not carry insurance for earthquakes or other natural disasters and we may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur. Any losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse effect on our business operations. In addition, natural disasters or other catastrophic events in various parts of the world, including interruptions in the supply of natural resources, political and governmental changes, disruption in transportation networks or delivery services, severe weather conditions, wild fires and other fires, explosions, actions of animal rights activists, terrorist attacks, earthquakes, wars and other geopolitical events (such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the risk of a larger conflict arising from either war), and public health issues could disrupt our op erations or those of our collaborators, contractors and vendors or contribute to unfavorable economic or other conditions that could adversely impact us. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics in regions where we or third parties with whom we work have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations, or materially affect our operations globally, including at our headquarters in San Diego and at our clinical trial sites, as well as the business or operations of our manufacturers, CROs or other third parties with whom we conduct business. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics. Such a health pandemic or epidemic may pose the risk that we or our clinical trial subjects, employees, contractors, collaborators and vendors may be prevented from conducting certain clinical trials or other business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to travel restrictions, quarantines, stay-at-home and "shelter-in-place" orders or shutdowns that have been or may in the future be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. These and similar disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 50 

In addition, our clinical trial may in the future be affected by health pandemics or epidemics. A future pandemic could negatively affect site initiation and create delays in patient enrollment if a pandemic were to impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, our ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to an infectious disease, could be delayed or disrupted, which would adversely impact our clinical trial operations. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and corporate governance ("ESG") matters or our reporting of such matters. 
 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, partners, and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. We may be, or be perceived to be, not acting responsibly in connection with these matters, which could negatively impact us. Moreover, the SEC has recently proposed, and may continue to propose, certain mandated ESG reporting requirements, such as the SEC s proposed rules designed to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures, which, if approved, would significantly increase our compliance and reporting costs and may also result in disclosures that certain investors or other stakeholders deem to negatively impact our reputation and/or that harm our stock price. In addition, we currently do not report our environmental emissions and, absent a legal requirement to do so, we currently do not plan to report our environmental emission. Lack of reporting could result in certain investors declining to invest in our common stock. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. 
 Our stock price has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly volatile. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 
 adverse results or delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 inability to obtain additional funding; 
 any delay in filing an IND or NDA for any of our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the FDA s review of that IND or NDA; 
 failure to maintain existing collaborations or enter into new collaborations; 
 failure of any future collaboration partners to elect to develop and commercialize product candidates under our collaboration agreements or the termination of any programs under our collaboration agreements; 
 failure by us or our licensors and any future collaboration partners to prosecute, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 failure to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our preclinical and clinical development activities, product candidates or future products; 
 inability to obtain adequate product supply for our product candidates or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
 adverse regulatory decisions; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 introduction of new products, services or technologies by our competitors; 
 failure to meet or exceed financial projections we may provide to the public; 
 failure to meet or exceed the estimates and projections of the investment community; 
 the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community; 
 disruptions caused by man-made or natural disasters, public health pandemics or epidemics or other business interruptions; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us, any future collaboration partners or our competitors; 
 disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 51 

additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 
 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; and 
 trading volume of our common stock. 
 In addition, companies trading in the stock market in general, and The Nasdaq Capital Market in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 We may be unable to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 Our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain the listing of our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including a minimum closing bid price requirement for our common stock of 1.00 per share and a minimum stockholders equity requirement of 2.5 million. 
 
 We have failed to comply with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement and minimum stockholders equity requirement on multiple occasions during the last several years. Most recently, on August 9, 2021, we received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market advising us that for 30 consecutive trading days preceding the date of the letter, the bid price of our common stock had closed below the 1.00 per share minimum price required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Our common stock did not meet the 1.00 minimum bid price for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days within the 180-day period following the date of the letter. Therefore, we requested and were granted an additional 180-day period to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement. At our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved a reverse split of our common stock. In June 2022, we completed a 1-for-10 reverse split of our outstanding common stock and we subsequently regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement or maintain compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement, or continuously satisfy Nasdaq's other continued listing standards in the future. If we are ultimately not able to maintain or timely regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, our common stock will be subject to delisting. In the event that our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and is not eligible for quotation or listing on another market or exchange, trading of our common stock could be conducted only in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event, it could become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations for our common stock and there would likely also be a reduction in our coverage by securities analysts and the news media, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. 
 The requirements of being a publicly traded company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 
 As a publicly traded company, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Capital Market have imposed various requirements on public companies. In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") was enacted. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Our management and other personnel have devoted and will need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 Changes or modifications in financial accounting standards, including those related to revenue recognition, may harm our results of operations. 
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), either alone or jointly with other organizations, promulgates new accounting principles that could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or reported cash flows. 
 Any difficulties in adopting or implementing any new accounting standard could result in our failure to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could result in regulatory discipline and harm investors confidence in us. Finally, if we 
 52 

were to change our critical accounting estimates, including those related to clinical trial and preclinical study accruals, our operating results could be significantly affected. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 Substantially all of our outstanding shares of common stock are available for public sale, subject in some cases to volume and other limitations. If our existing stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the market perceives that such sales may occur, the trading price of our common stock could decline. In addition, shares of common stock that are either subject to outstanding options or reserved for future issuance under our employee benefit plans are or may become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules and Rule 144 under the Securities Act. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time, any of which may result in material dilution to investors and/or our existing stockholders. New investors could also be issued securities with rights superior to those of our existing stockholders. As of June 30, 2024, warrants to exercise an aggregate of 4.9 million shares of our common stock were outstanding at a weighted-average exercise price per share of 6.96. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of 37.0 million shares were issuable upon conversion of shares of our Class A-1, Class A-2, Class A-3, Class A-4, Class A-5 and Class A-6 preferred stock at the option of the holder, subject to beneficial ownership limitations. 
 
 Pursuant to our 2019 Plan, our management is authorized to grant stock options and other equity-based awards to our employees, directors and consultants. In addition, beginning on January 1, 2025 through (and including) January 1, 2029, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan will automatically increase on January 1st of each year by 5.0 of the sum of (x) the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year plus (y) the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year (without regard to any beneficial ownership limitations applicable thereto) plus (z) the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon cash exercise of prefunded warrants outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year (without regard to any beneficial ownership limitations applicable thereto). Furthermore, pursuant to our 2022 Purchase Plan, certain eligible employees may purchase shares of our common stock. The number of shares available for future issuance under the 2022 Purchase Plan will automatically increase by a number equal to the lesser of 1 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year and 50,000 shares of common stock, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year. Currently, we plan to register the increased number of shares available for issuance under the 2019 Plan and the 2022 Purchase Plan each year. 
 In addition, we adopted an Inducement Plan in 2021 pursuant to which our management has the ability to grant stock options exercisable for up to an aggregate o f 1,030,000 s hares of our common stock to new employees as inducements material to such new employees entering into employment with us. The number of shares which may be granted under the Inducement Plan may be increased in the future by our board of directors. In the event we increase the number of shares which may be granted under the Inducement Plan, or adopt another inducement plan for which no stockholder approval is required under applicable rules and regulations, and grant options pursuant to such plan, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 We may be the subject of putative securities class action litigation in the future. 
 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. For example, certain putative class action complaints were filed against us and certain of our current and former executive officers in January 2017 alleging that the defendants violated the federal securities laws by making materially false and misleading statements regarding our business and the prospects for RG-101, thereby artificially inflating the price of our securities. On December 29, 2020, the court entered a final judgment and dismissed the action with 
 53 

prejudice. It is possible that additional lawsuits will be filed, or allegations made by stockholders, with respect to these same or other matters and also naming us and/or our officers and directors as defendants. While we carry liability insurance, there is no assurance that any losses we incur in connection with any lawsuits will be covered or that coverage, if any, will be sufficient. In addition, any future litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, the Tax Act, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, and the IRA enacted many significant changes to U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to such legislation may affect us, and certain aspects of such legislation could be repealed or modified in future legislation. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax legislation. Future tax reform legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards for U.S. federal and California state tax purposes of 389.5 million and 146.3 million, respectively. A portion of the federal and California state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire, if not utilized, in 2030 and 2033, respectively. NOL carryforwards that expire unused will be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under current law, federal NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 of 126.1 million will carry forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOL carryforwards in a tax year is limited to 80 of taxable income in such year. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership by "5-percent shareholders" over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We have determined that we triggered an ownership change limitation at the completion of our initial public offering in October 2012 and in July 2015. We have not performed a Section 382 ownership-change analysis through December 31, 2023, and it is possible there may have been additional ownership changes. We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income will be subject to limitations, which could harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. For example, California imposed limits on the usability of California state net operating losses to offset taxable income in tax years beginning after 2023 and before 2027. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and adversely affect our future cash flows. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends is currently prohibited by the terms of our secured debt, and any future debt financing arrangement may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders or remove our current management. 
 Some provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. These provisions include: 
 
 54 

authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; 
 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 establishing the state of Delaware as the sole forum for certain legal actions against the Company, its officers and directors; and 
 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless such transactions are approved by our board of directors. This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. Further, other provisions of Delaware law may also discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 Unstable market, economic and geopolitical conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 The global credit and financial markets in the past have experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme volatility and disruptions. These disruptions can result in severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, increases in inflation, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, high inflation, high interest rates, bank failures, or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our operations, growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn, exposure to a bank failure, or rising inflation, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 
 Other international and geo-political events could also have a serious adverse impact on our business. For instance, in February 2022, Russia initiated military action against Ukraine and the two countries are now at war. In response, the United States and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia and could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory actions. Additionally, in October 2023, Hamas initiated an attack against Israel, pr ovoking a state of war and subsequently a larger regional conflict. While we cannot predict the broader consequences, these conflicts and retaliatory and counter-retaliatory actions could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, inflation, regional economies, and the global economy, which in turn may increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to raise or access additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 55 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 . 
 56 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on August 3, 2016). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on October 2, 2018). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on June 16, 2021). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report of Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on June 27, 2022). 
 3.5 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2019). 
 3.6 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (file No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on December 26, 2019). 
 3.7 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670) filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 3.8 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (file No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2021). 
 3.9 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 3.10 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 3.11 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023). 
 3.12 Certificate of Decrease of Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock and Class A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024). 
 
 57 

3.13 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class A-6 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on March 14, 2024). 
 3.14 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on June 8, 2016). 
 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 , 3.2 , 3.3 , 3.4 , 3.5 , 3.6 , 3.7 , 3.8 , 3.9 , 3.10 , 3.11 , 3.12 , 3.13 and 3.14 . 
 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022). 
 4.3 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2019). 
 4.4 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35670), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 10.1 Patent Technology License Agreement, dated as of October 22 , 2024, by and between Regulus Therapeutics Inc. and The Board of Regents of The University of Texas System, an agency of the State of Texas on behalf of The University of Texas at Southwestern Medical Center (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 24 , 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 Certain confidential information contained in this Exhibit, marked in brackets, has been omitted, because it is both not material and of the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 
 These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be 
 58 

incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Regulus Therapeutics Inc. Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Joseph P. Hagan Joseph P. Hagan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Cris Calsada Cris Calsada Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311x20240930.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Joseph P. Hagan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Joseph P. Hagan Joseph P. Hagan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312x20240930.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Cris Calsada, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Cris Calsada Cris Calsada Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321x20240930.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph P. Hagan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Cris Calsada, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Joseph P. Hagan Joseph P. Hagan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 s Cris Calsada Cris Calsada Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rgls-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rgls-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rgls-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rgls-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rgls-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

