<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-Q_edgar_data_1847513_0001477932-24-007713.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4000998</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117119</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>688512</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>845596</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>979865</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1292683</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007713.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127163024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007713
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981582723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40510
		FILM NUMBER:		241511667

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		418 BROADWAY #6592
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12207
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-268-7868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		418 BROADWAY #6592
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007713.txt : 20241127

10-Q
 1
 corner_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

corner_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Quarterly Period Ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______________ to ______ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) ) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Ticker symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Indicate whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 and Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No There are Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares outstanding as of November 27, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 19 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 24 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 25 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 25 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 26 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 26 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 26 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 26 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 27 SIGNATURES 28 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Cash and marketable securities held in trust account Total Assets LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable Due to related party Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value as of September 30, 2024 and 1,860,214 shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2023 Shareholders Deficit Preference Shares, par value, shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Class A ordinary Shares, 0.0001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; and issued and outstanding, respectively (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Class B ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Shareholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 3 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) For the three For the nine For the three For the nine months ended months ended months ended months ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2023 Operating and formation costs Loss from operations Other income (loss): Earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account Debt forgiveness Realized gain on extinguishment of overallotment liability Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Net income (loss) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class A redeemable ordinary share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A nonredeemable ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class A nonredeemable ordinary share and Class B ordinary share See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 4 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITON CORP. 2 Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) Total Class A Class B Additional Shareholders Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid- Accumulated Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount in Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balance, January 1, 2024 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income (loss) - - Balance, March 31, 2024 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income (loss) - - Balance, June 30, 2024 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Cancellation of Private Warrants Forgiveness of due to related party balance Waiver of deferred underwriting commissions by underwriter Net income (loss) - - Balance, September 30, 2024 Balance, January 1, 2023 - Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income (loss) - - Balance, March 31, 2023 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income (loss) - - Balance, June 30, 2023 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income (loss) - - Balance, September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 5 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITON CORP. 2 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Earnings and realized (gain) loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account Debt Forgiveness Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Prepaid expenses Due to related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investment of cash in Trust Account Proceeds received from Trust Account Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds received from Sponsor for Trust Account contributions Payments to Class A ordinary shareholders for redemption of shares Payment of offering costs Net cash used in financing activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of the period Cash at end of the period Non-cash financing activities: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Waiver of deferred underwriting fee payable Cancellation of private warrants Forgiveness of due to related parties Operating expense liability assumed by related party See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 6 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of the overallotment option to purchase an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (including Private Placement Warrants purchased in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option) (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to CGA Sponsor 2, LLC, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and 698,351 of other offering costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on June 21, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. The Company will provide holders (the Public Shareholders of its Class A ordinary shares, par value , sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares ), with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares are classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades with the Company s legal counsel prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 7 Table of Contents of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Third Extended Date (as defined below) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Letter of Intent with a differentiated food tech platform (the Target for an initial business combination. On April 3, 2023, the Letter of Intent between the Company and the Target was terminated. The Company is continuing to pursue other opportunities. On June 15, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the June 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting which amended the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial Business Combination from June 21, 2022 (the Original Termination Date to March 21, 2023 (the June 2022 Extension Amendment Proposal ). As part of the June 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding until the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting further described below. In order to support the extension to consummate an initial Business Combination to March 21, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to deposit into the Trust Account, which is an aggregate of per Class A ordinary share for each month of the extension period up to and until October 21, 2022, pro-rated for partial months during the extension period, resulting in a maximum contribution of , or per share of Class A ordinary shares that were not redeemed in connection with the June 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting. Contributions in the amount of per Class A ordinary shares were funded on each of June, July, August and September 21, 2022. The Company also agreed to provide the holders of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares on or about October 21, 2022 if the Company did not consummate its initial Business Combination as of October 21, 2022. On October 21, 2022, the Company launched a fixed price tender offer (the 2022 Tender Offer to purchase and redeem its Class A Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of per share of Class A Ordinary Shares, net to seller in cash and without interest upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 2022 Tender Offer. On January 6, 2023, the 2022 Tender Offer expired (the Expiration Time ). A total of Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the 2022 Tender Offer. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of , which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. After giving effect to the 2022 Tender Offer, there were Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the Tender Offer, the Sponsor deposited an additional into the Trust Account (an aggregate of per Class A ordinary share) on each of January, February and March 9, 2023. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, par value per share, elected to convert shares of the Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Company had an aggregate of shares of Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, of which were subject to possible redemption, and shares of Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the Trust Account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. On March 15, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Second Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 (the March 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the March 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting and on March 15, 2023, the Company filed the Second Articles Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions and the conversion and through December 31, 2024, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding, of which were subject to possible redemption until the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting further described below. The Company and the Sponsor have agreed that they will deposit into the Trust Account an amount equal to the lesser of (i) per share or (ii) .00 for each month (the Second Monthly Contribution of the second extension period up and until February 21, 2024, resulting in a maximum contribution of per share of Class A Ordinary Shares that is not redeemed in connection with the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting (the Second Maximum Contribution , and the period from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 the Second Guaranteed Payment Period ), subject to the Company s and the Sponsor s right to stop making said Monthly Contributions. This contribution was funded on or about the 21st of each month through February 21, 2024; provided that, no such deposits will be made following the completion of any business combination. 8 Table of Contents . As part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and/or the Sponsor is no longer required to deposit monthly contributions into the trust account. The shareholders approved the March 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Company filed the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. On August 15, 2024, the Company, CGA Sponsor 2, LLC (the "Original Sponsor"), Connor Square, LLC (the "New Sponsor"), and Alexandre Balkanski, John Mulkey, and Jason Park entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company to the New Sponsor; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated June 16, 2021 ("Letter Agreement"), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 16, 2021 ("Registration Rights Agreement"), each originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering ("IPO"), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of Class B Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf (the "POA Agreements"); (d) the Original Sponsor entered into surrender and cancellation agreements (the Warrant Cancellation Agreements to cancel an aggregate of private placement warrants purchased by the Original Sponsor at the time of the IPO; and (e) certain creditors agreed to cancel or reduce the amounts owed by the Company, with any remaining liabilities assigned to the Original Sponsor (the "Debt Assignment Agreements"). Additionally, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as the underwriter of the IPO, entered into an agreement whereby Cantor agreed to accept a certain number of shares of the Company following any business combination in lieu of the cash deferred commissions owed from the IPO. On February 22, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum public holders requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5500 (a) (3) (the Minimum Public Holders Requirement ). The Company timely submitted a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Requirement. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company had, based on email correspondence with Nasdaq, demonstrated that it was in compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Requirement. As such, Nasdaq considers the matter closed. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Second Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum 500,000 publicly held shares requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4) (the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). On June 24, 2024, the Company submitted a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement. The Second Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On June 17, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), the Company s securities (shares, warrants, and rights) would be subject to suspension and delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on June 26, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2. This rule requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company submitted a request for a hearing to the Panel on June 24, 2024, which resulted in a temporary stay of the delisting action. The Panel convened to review the Company s appeal on July 25, 2024. Following the hearing, Nasdaq notified the Company that, despite the Company s request for additional time, the delisting of the Company s securities would proceed. On October 15, 2024, Nasdaq filed Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to formally remove the Company s securities from listing and registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The delisting became effective at the opening of business on August 14, 2024. As of that date, the Company s securities, including Class A ordinary shares, warrants, and units, were no longer listed or registered on Nasdaq. The Company s public warrants remain outstanding, and the Company is currently evaluating alternative options, including over-the-counter (OTC) trading and potential future re-listing on the exchanges, in order to maximize shareholder value. (See Note 9 to the notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements for further information regarding this delisting and its impact on the Company's operations). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by December 31, 2024 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 9 Table of Contents per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital deficit of . Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Based on its current cash and working capital balances, management believes that the Company will not have sufficient working capital to meet its needs through the consummation of a Business Combination. In order to finance transaction costs related to the intended Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan funds to the Company as necessary. As of August 15, 2024, in connection with the sale of the Sponsor s interest to the New Sponsor, the Company s outstanding liabilities, amounting to , consisting of operating and formation costs, were transferred to the Original Sponsor. Following this transaction, the Company had no outstanding liabilities to the former Sponsor as of September 30, 2024, with all such debts effectively settled upon transfer. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The Company also demonstrates other adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. These other adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically working capital deficiency and other adverse key financial ratios. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts or classification of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 31, 2024, our scheduled liquidation date if we do not elect to extend the Third Extended Date or complete the Business Combination prior to such date. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents 10 Table of Contents Warrant Liabilities Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption Less: Redemption of Class A Ordinary shares Plus: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Sponsor contribution Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption September 30, 2024 As part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company remeasured the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to increase the carrying amount by to reflect current earnings of the Trust Account. As discussed further in Note 1, the Sponsor has made contributions to the Trust Account in connection with previous amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination. Concentration of Credit Risk . As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks. 11 Table of Contents Fair value of Financial Instruments Income Taxes Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share of the Company s Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive for all periods presented. The Company s condensed statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per share. Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted, for stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. As a result, diluted earnings (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic earnings (loss) per ordinary share for the periods presented. Remeasurement associated with the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is excluded from earnings or loss per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. For basic earnings or loss per share, shares subject to forfeiture are not included in the weighted average shares outstanding until the restriction lapses. 12 Table of Contents Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share Recent Accounting Pronouncements Risks and Uncertainties Units at a price of per Unit which includes the partial exercise by the underwriter of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). In March 2021, the Sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to each of the Company s three independent directors. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 7. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration on June 24, 2021, resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, par value per share, elected to convert shares of the Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the Trust Account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Class B shares shall automatically convert into Class A shares at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares or Class A ordinary shares received upon conversion thereof until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any - trading day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 13 Table of Contents Founder Shares to our three independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of Founder Shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition (i.e. the remediation of the lock-up provision) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the lock-up provisions have been remediated, or are probable to be remediated, in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the Founder Shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not yet entered into any definitive agreements in connection with any Business Combination and as such, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as, for example, approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account that there is a possibility that a Business Combination might not happen, no stock-based compensation expense should be recognized through September 30, 2024. On August 15, 2024, Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 (the Company ), CGA Sponsor 2, LLC (the Original Sponsor ), and Connor Square, LLC (the New Sponsor entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company to the New Sponsor; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated June 16, 2021 Letter Agreement ), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 16, 2021 Registration Rights Agreement ), both originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; and (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of Class B Founder Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf. Promissory Note Related Party On February 22, 2021, the Original Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2021, or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had no amounts outstanding under the Note. In connection with the change of Sponsor on August 15, 2024, the promissory note was formally cancelled, and no further obligations exist between the Company and the Original Sponsor with respect to this Note. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of . Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share (see Note 6). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. However, in connection with the transfer of the Sponsor s stake to the New Sponsor on August 15, 2024, the Private Placement Warrants were canceled, and as a result, no further obligations or rights exist with respect to these warrants. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors had previously agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of per warrant. As of the filing date, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement Pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement entered into on June 16, 2021, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of (A) per month and continuing monthly until December 31, 2024, and (B) on December 31, 2024, an amount equal to less any amounts previously paid by the Company for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the Company s management team. As of June 21, 2022, the total amount of was incurred. There have been no expenses incurred since June 21, 2022. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred in fees for these services, respectively, which is included in operating and formation costs on the condensed statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no fees outstanding for these services. 14 Table of Contents on behalf of the Company, of which was paid as of December 31, 2023, and an additional was paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These amounts were included in Due to Related Party on the condensed balance sheets as of December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024. However, in connection with the change of Sponsor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2024, all outstanding liabilities due to the Original Sponsor were written down. As a result, no amounts remain payable to the Original Sponsor as of September 30, 2024. per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate. This deferred fee was to become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completed a Business Combination, as per the terms of the underwriting agreement. However, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2024, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the underwriter from the IPO, entered into an agreement under which Cantor agreed to accept a certain number of shares of the Company in lieu of the cash deferred commissions owed. As a result, the previously accrued deferred fee liability has been removed, and the corresponding balance was written off to retained earnings as of September 30, 2024. .67 warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (comprised of .67 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The Public Warrants will become exercisable at per share days after the completion of a Business Combination; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and, following the effective date of the registration statement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 15 Table of Contents per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, plus interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume- weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 10-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. In connection with the share purchase agreement dated August 15, 2024, between the Company, the Original Sponsor, and the New Sponsor, all Private Placement Warrants were cancelled. As a result, no further liabilities related to these Private Placement Warrants exist, and they have been removed from the Company's balance sheet as of August 15, 2024. The cancellation does not affect the Public Warrants, which remain outstanding and exercisable under the terms set forth in the original warrant agreement. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants if they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. In addition, once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within the 30- trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. The fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event are the warrants to be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management has the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. Additionally, in no event is the Company to be required to net cash settle any Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination by December 31, 2024 and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 16 Table of Contents preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, of which were subject to possible redemption. As part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share. At September 30, 2024, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding, of which were subject to possible redemption. The Sponsor s Class A ordinary shares received upon conversion of its Class B ordinary shares are not redeemable. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to one vote for each Class B ordinary share. At December 31, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the sponsor elected to convert its shares of Class B ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis (as adjusted). In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and of the balance held in the Trust Account was held in cash, respectively. The following table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 1 Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 2 2 Total liabilities 17 Table of Contents and per warrant for aggregate values of approximately and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Public Warrants was determined to be per warrant, for an aggregate value of approximately . Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the Private Placement Warrant liabilities for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Private Placement Warrants were valued based on quoted prices for similar assets and have been transferred out of Level 3. The warrants remained in Level 2 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The change in fair value of the Level 3 warrant liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2023 is summarized as follows: Change in fair value of warrant liability Warrant liability at March 31, 2023 Change in fair value of warrant liability Warrant liability at December 31, 2023 Transfer out of warrant liability at December 31, 2023 Warrant liability at December 31, 2023 18 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, words such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read as being applicable to all forward- looking statements whenever they appear in this Quarterly Report. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 10, 2021 (inception) as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we focus on industries that complement our management team s background, and in our search for targets for our Business Combination seek to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the technology industry in the United States and other developed countries. The registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 16, 2021. On June 21, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 18,500,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 185,000,000, and incurring offering costs of approximately 698,351, inclusive of 6,475,000 in deferred underwriting commissions. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares and one-third of one redeemable warrant, each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 4,950,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant (the Private Placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,425,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Transaction costs amounted to 10,873,351, consisting of 3,700,000 of underwriting discount, 6,475,000 of deferred underwriting discount, and 698,351 of other offering costs. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and private placement, 185,000,000 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the private placement were placed in the Trust Account, located in the United States at UBS Financial Services Inc., with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and are only invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the assets held in the Trust Account. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied toward consummating an initial Business Combination. On January 6, 2023, the Company s fixed price tender offer (the 2022 Tender Offer to purchase and redeem its Class A Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share of Class A Ordinary Shares, net to seller in cash and without interest upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 2022 Tender Offer expired (the Expiration Time ). A total of 4,101,830 Class A ordinary shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn in the 2022 Tender Offer. The Company accepted for purchase all such Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 10.21 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 41,879,684, which includes 319,942 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. After giving effect to the 2022 Tender Offer, there were 3,304,435 Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the 2022 Tender Offer, the Sponsor deposited an additional 198,266 into the Trust Account (an aggregate of 0.06 per Class A ordinary share) on each of January, February and March 9, 2023. 19 Table of Contents On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 4,475,000 shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, elected to convert 4,475,000 shares of the Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Company had an aggregate of 7,779,435 shares of Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, of which 3,304,435 were subject to possible redemption, and 150,000 shares of Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the Trust Account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Since the conversion occurred after the record date of the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting (as defined below), there was no impact to the votes required to approve the proposals or the counting of the votes at the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting as a result of the conversion. On March 15, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Second Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 (the March 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the March 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal at the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting and on March 15, 2023, the Company filed the Second Articles Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 1,444,221 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 15,297,014, or approximately 10.59 per share which includes 404,207 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions and the Sponsor s conversion, 6,335,214 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding, of which 1,860,214 were subject to possible redemption. The Company and the Sponsor have agreed that they will deposit into the Trust Account an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 0.04 per share or (ii) 65,000.00 for each month (the Second Monthly Contribution of the extension period up and until February 21, 2024, resulting in a maximum contribution of 0.48 per share of Class A Ordinary Shares that is not redeemed in connection with the March 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting (the Second Maximum Contribution , and the period from March 21, 2023 to March 21, 2024 the Second Guaranteed Payment Period ), subject to the Company s and the Sponsor s right to stop making said Monthly Contributions This contribution was funded on or about the 21st of each month through February 21, 2024; provided that, no such deposits will be made following the completion of any business combination. On March 8, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 21, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (the March 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and eliminate the limitation that the Company shall not redeem Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the units sold in the IPO to the extent that such redemption would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. As part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and/or the Sponsor is no longer required to deposit monthly contributions into the trust account. The shareholders approved the March 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Company filed the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. As part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 1,407,653 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling 16,309,778, or approximately 11.59 per share which includes 1,203,822 of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 4,927,561 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. On February 22, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum 300 public holders requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5500(a)(3) (the Minimum Public Holders Requirement ). The Company timely submitted a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Requirement. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company had, based on email correspondence with Nasdaq, demonstrated that it was in compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Requirement. As such, Nasdaq considers the matter closed. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Second Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum 500,000 publicly held shares requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4) (the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company has 45 days, or until June 24, 2024, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement. The Second Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On April 1, 2024, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts). On April 2, 2024, Jerome Jerry Letter provided written notice to the Company of his resignation as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Letter s resignation was not as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Concurrently therewith, the Company s current Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marvin Tien, was appointed as acting Chief Financial Officer for the Company. Mr. Tien will retain his roles as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 20 Table of Contents On August 15, 2024, the Company, CGA Sponsor 2, LLC (the "Original Sponsor"), Connor Square, LLC (the "New Sponsor"), and Alexandre Balkanski, John Mulkey, and Jason Park entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 2,685,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company to the New Sponsor; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated June 16, 2021 ("Letter Agreement"), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 16, 2021 ("Registration Rights Agreement"), each originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering ("IPO"), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of Class B Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf (the "POA Agreements"); (d) the Original Sponsor entered into surrender and cancellation agreements (the Warrant Cancellation Agreements to cancel an aggregate of 4,950,000 private placement warrants purchased by the Original Sponsor at the time of the IPO; and (e) certain creditors agreed to cancel or reduce the amounts owed by the Company, with any remaining liabilities assigned to the Original Sponsor (the "Debt Assignment Agreements"). Additionally, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as the underwriter of the IPO, entered into an agreement whereby Cantor agreed to accept a certain number of shares of the Company following any business combination in lieu of the cash deferred commissions owed from the IPO. On June 17, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), the Company s securities (shares, warrants, and rights) would be subject to suspension and delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on June 26, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2. This rule requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company submitted a request for a hearing to the Panel on June 24, 2024, which resulted in a temporary stay of the delisting action. The Panel convened to review the Company s appeal on July 25, 2024. Following the hearing, Nasdaq notified the Company that, despite the Company s request for additional time, the delisting of the Company s securities would proceed. On October 15, 2024, Nasdaq filed Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to formally remove the Company s securities from listing and registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The delisting became effective at the opening of business on August 14, 2024. As of that date, the Company s securities, including Class A ordinary shares, warrants, and units, were no longer listed or registered on Nasdaq. The Company s public warrants remain outstanding, and the Company is currently evaluating alternative options, including over-the-counter (OTC) trading and potential future re-listing on the exchanges, in order to maximize shareholder value. (See Note 9 to the notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements for further information regarding this delisting and its impact on the Company's operations). If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by December 31, 2024, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay for our income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of our company, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As indicated in the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements, at September 30, 2024, we had 0 in our operating bank account, and working capital deficit of 2,755. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our initial Business Combination plans. Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the proceeds of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares, and loans from our sponsor of 100,000. The loan was repaid in full on August 9, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds received from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement that were not placed in the Trust Account. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. The terms of such loans have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. However, as discussed in Note 4 to the unaudited condensed financial statements herein, as of August 15, 2024, in connection with the sale of the Sponsor s interest to the New Sponsor, the Company s outstanding liabilities, amounting to 1,050,795, consisting of operating and formation costs, were transferred to the Original Sponsor. Following this transaction, the Company had no outstanding liabilities to the former Sponsor as of September 30, 2024, with all such debts effectively settled upon transfer. The new Sponsor is not under any obligation to make additional expenditures on the Company s behalf. Based on the foregoing, management believes that we may not have sufficient working capital to meet our needs through the consummation of a Business Combination. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The Company also demonstrates other adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. These other adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically working capital deficiency and other adverse key financial ratios. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts or classification of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 31, 2024, our scheduled liquidation date if we do not complete the Business Combination prior to such date. Material Changes in Financial Condition As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account of 5,373,413 and 21,200,364, respectively and had Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption of 452,561 and 1,860,214, respectively. The reduction of value in each of the account balances was primarily driven by redemption payments out of the Trust Account to shareholders as part of the March 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting disclosed above. 21 Table of Contents Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception through September 30, 2024 related to our formation, Initial Public Offering and, since the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the search for initial Business Combination candidates. As of September 30, 2024, 0 was held outside the Trust Account and was being used to fund the Company s operating expenses. We are not generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we reported net income of 1,859,520, primarily due to debt forgiveness of 2,000,514 and earnings on marketable securities in the Trust Account totaling 57,358, offset by 143,902 in operating and formation costs and a 54,450 decrease in the fair value of warrant liabilities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income was 1,581,218, largely attributable to 2,000,514 in debt forgiveness and 352,826 in Trust Account earnings, offset by 717,672 in operating and formation costs and a 54,450 reduction in warrant liabilities. Comparatively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded net income of 89,006, driven by 264,748 in Trust Account earnings and a 49,500 gain from changes in warrant liabilities, partially offset by 225,242 in operating and formation costs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we experienced a net loss of 1,676,565, primarily due to 1,456,270 in operating and formation costs and a 950,944 loss from changes in warrant liabilities, partially offset by 730,649 in Trust Account earnings. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On February 18, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share, to cover offering costs in consideration of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In March 2021, our sponsor transferred 50,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. Up to 656,250 of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment in connection with the Initial Public Offering was not exercised in full or in part. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the sponsor forfeited 406,250 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 4,625,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company, the sponsor elected to convert its 4,475,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. In connection with the conversion, the Sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the Trust Account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares or Class A ordinary shares received upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The founder shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with the Company entered into by the initial shareholders, and officers and directors. The sponsor has the right to transfer its ownership in the founder shares at any time, and to any transferee, to the extent that the sponsor determines, in good faith, that such transfer is necessary to ensure that it and/or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates are in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor transferred 150,000 founder shares to our three independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of founder shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation- Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to the founder shares is recognized only when the performance condition (i.e., the remediation of the lock-up provision) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the lock-up provisions have been remediated, or are probable to be remediated, in an amount equal to the number of founder shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the founder shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not yet entered into any definitive agreements in connection with any business combination and as such, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as, for example, approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account that there is a possibility that a business combination might not happen, no stock-based compensation expense should be recognized through September 30, 2024. 22 Table of Contents On August 15, 2024, Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 (the Company ), CGA Sponsor 2, LLC (the Original Sponsor ), and Connor Square, LLC (the New Sponsor entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 2,685,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company to the New Sponsor; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated June 16, 2021 Letter Agreement ), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 16, 2021 Registration Rights Agreement ), both originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; and (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of Class B Founder Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination is not completed, we may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. As of September 30, 2024, and through the filing date of this Form 10-Q, there were no outstanding Working Capital Loans under this arrangement. Administrative Services Agreement We agreed, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, to pay our sponsor a total of (A) 40,000 per month and continuing monthly until December 31, 2024 and (B) on December 31, 2024, an amount equal to 480,000 less any amounts previously paid by the Company for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services provided to the members of the Company s management team. As of June 21, 2022, the total amount of 480,000 was incurred. There have been no expenses incurred since June 21, 2022. We recognized 0 in expenses incurred in connection with the aforementioned arrangements with the related parties on our condensed statements of operations for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which is included in operating and formation costs on the condensed statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no fees outstanding for these services. Operating and Formation Costs Through September 30, 2024, the Sponsor and affiliates of the Sponsor paid operating and formation costs totaling 1,693,799 on behalf of the Company, of which 1,065,496 was paid as of December 31, 2023, and an additional 628,303 was paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These amounts were included in Due to Related Party on the condensed balance sheets as of December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024. However, in connection with the change of Sponsor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2024, all outstanding liabilities due to the Original Sponsor were written down. As a result, no amounts remain payable to the Original Sponsor as of September 30, 2024. Contractual Obligations Registration Rights The holders of founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, are entitled to registration rights (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion of such shares into Class A ordinary shares) pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration and shareholder rights. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we may not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to underwriting discounts of 0.20 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 3,700,000 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of 0.35 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 6,475,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. However, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2024, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the underwriter from the IPO, entered into an agreement under which Cantor agreed to accept a certain number of shares of the Company in lieu of the cash deferred commissions owed. As a result, the previously accrued deferred fee liability has been removed, and the corresponding balance was written off to retained earnings as of September 30, 2024. Critical Accounting Policies Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 23 Table of Contents Our significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 2 to our unaudited condensed financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, and in Note 2 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. We believe those accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of these financial statements. There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies from our Form 10-K. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 changes the way entities measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. For emerging growth companies, the new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after January 1, 2023. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 as of January 1, 2023, with no material impact to its condensed financial statements. Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements For the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the principal executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that the controls around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex financial instruments were not effectively designed or maintained. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 24 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider our risk factors from those disclosed under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. As of the date of this report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the aforementioned Form 10-K, except as described below. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units are currently listed on the Nasdaq and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants may also be listed following their date of separation. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000), a minimum number of publicly traded securities (500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 25 Table of Contents The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. On December 18, 2023, we received a notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that our securities (units, shares and warrants) would be subject to suspension and delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on December 27, 2023, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. We timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal the notice. Nasdaq granted our hearing request, which hearing request stayed the suspension of trading of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market until the hearing process concluded and the Nasdaq Hearings Panel issued a written decision. A hearing on the matter was held on March 14, 2024. On March 15, 2024, the Nasdaq Hearings Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant tour request for an exception to our listing deficiencies until June 17, 2024 in view of our substantial steps toward closing our previously announced business combination and our plan for achieving compliance with Nasdaq listing rules upon closing of the transaction for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Second Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum 500,000 publicly held shares requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4) (the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company has 45 days, or until June 24, 2024, to submit a plan to regain to submit a plan of compliance with the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement. On June 17, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), the Company s securities (shares, warrants, and rights) would be subject to suspension and delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on June 26, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. On June 24, 2024, the Company submitted to Nasdaq a request for a hearing before the Panel to request additional time to complete a business combination, resulting in a stay of any suspension or delisting action pending the hearing. The Panel met to review the appeal on July 25, 2024 and is still considering the merits of the appeal, resulting in a stay of any suspension or delisting action while the appeal is still pending. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 26 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed with this Report. Furnished with this Report, which shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Sec 18 of the Securities Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. 2 Date: November 27, 2024 By /s/ Hao Tian Hao Tian, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chief Financial Officer 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 corner_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 corner_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) I, Hao Tian, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): e. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and f. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 27, 2024 /s/ Hao Tian By: Hao Tian Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chief Financial Officer Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 corner_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 corner_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. 2 (the Company on Form 10-Q, for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: November 27, 2024 /s/ Hao Tian Hao Tian Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chief Financial Officer (Principal executive officer and Principal Financial and accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 corner-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 corner-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 corner-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 corner-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

