<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_899923_0000899923-24-000057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6973540</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101428</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1376575</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2215014</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1722711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1431932</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000899923-24-000057.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108081817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000899923-24-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MYRIAD GENETICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000899923
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				870494517
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26642
		FILM NUMBER:		241438078

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 NORTH 2200 WEST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-584-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 NORTH 2200 WEST
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000899923-24-000057.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 mygn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mygn-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 _________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 
 _________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 4, 2024, the registrant had shares of 0.01 par value common stock outstanding. 

MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
 Page PART I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II - Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 37 
 Signatures 
 38 

3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable investment securities Trade accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Intangibles, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Unrecognized tax benefits Long-term debt Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Testing revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of testing revenue Research and development expense Selling, general, and administrative expense Legal settlements 
 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges 
 Total costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total other income (expense), net 
 ) ) ) Loss before income tax ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share: Basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments for losses included in net loss, net of tax Reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment to income upon sale or liquidation of certain foreign entities, net of tax 
 ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Myriad Genetics, Inc. Stockholders equity BALANCES AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans, net of shares exchanged for withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax BALANCES AT MARCH 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans, net of shares exchanged for withholding tax Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax BALANCES AT JUNE 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans, net of shares exchanged for withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) BALANCES AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans, net of shares exchanged for withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) BALANCES AT MARCH 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans, net of shares exchanged for withholding tax Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax BALANCES AT JUNE 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans, net of shares exchanged for withholding tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Bad debt expense ) Net realized losses on marketable investment securities Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets Gain on termination of lease ) Gain on acquisition ) Other non-cash adjustments Changes in assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Trade accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid taxes ) Other assets ) ) Tenant improvement allowance received Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) Capitalization of internal-use software costs ) ) Proceeds from the sale of business, net cash sold 
 Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable investment securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from common stock issued under stock-based compensation plans Payment of tax withheld for common stock issued under stock-based compensation plans ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayment of revolving credit facility ) Fees associated with issuance and refinancing of revolving credit facility ) Payment on finance leases ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Tumor Profiling Prenatal Pharmacogenomics Total revenue Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) U.S. RoW Total U.S. RoW Total Testing revenues: Hereditary Cancer Tumor Profiling Prenatal Pharmacogenomics Total revenue 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, which resulted in and impact to earnings per share, respectively, for testing in which the performance obligation was met in prior periods, primarily due to a changes in the estimated transaction price. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million in revenue due to a retroactive coverage change by a payor for one of its prenatal products. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million in revenue, respectively, which resulted in a and , respectively, impact to earnings per share for tests in which the performance obligation was met in prior periods, primarily driven by changes in the estimated transaction price. 
 costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract have been capitalized. The Company also applies the practical expedient for not adjusting revenue recognized for the effects of the time value of money. This practical expedient has been elected because the Company collects very little cash from customers under payment terms and the vast majority of payment terms have a payback period of less than one year. 
 
 The Company only has one payor, Medicare, that represents greater than 10 of its revenues. Revenues received from Medicare represented of total revenue for both of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and of total revenue for both of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Concentrations of credit risk are mitigated due to the number of the Company s customers as well as their dispersion across many geographic regions. The Company has one payor that accounted for more than 10 of accounts receivable at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The balance of accounts receivable from this one payor represented and of the total accounts receivable balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company does not require collateral from its customers. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 investment securities outstanding. 
 Cash equivalents Total cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale: Corporate bonds and notes ) Municipal bonds Total ) 
 The cost of a security sold, or amount reclassified out of Accumulated other comprehensive income or loss into Net loss, is determined based on the specific identification method. Additional information relating to fair value of marketable investment securities can be found in Note 4. 
 
 4. 
 The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated to be million at September 30, 2024. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 have any financial assets requiring fair value re-measurement. 
 Corporate bonds and notes Municipal bonds Contingent consideration ) ) Total ) (a) 
 Money market funds are primarily comprised of exchange traded funds and accrued interest. 
 
 Change in fair value recognized in the Statements of Operations Payment of contingent consideration 
 ) Translation adjustments recognized in Other comprehensive loss ) Ending balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 For the Level 2 contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Gateway Genomics, LLC ("Gateway"), the Company reassesses the fair value of expected contingent consideration and the corresponding liability each reporting period using current financial or operating projections. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has estimated a fair value of related to the Gateway contingent consideration as the achievement of the contingent consideration targets is not considered probable. 
 
 5. 
 Equipment Property, plant and equipment, gross Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 The Company recorded depreciation during the respective periods as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation expense 
 million of accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements and equipment in connection with the Company's decision to cease the use of its former corporate headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah, and transition corporate support operations to its new facility in west Salt Lake City. The Company formally assigned the previous corporate headquarters lease to a third party as of December 31, 2023. See Note 15 for further discussion. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Goodwill impairment 
 ) Translation adjustments ) Ending balance 
 The Company recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the goodwill allocated to the Myriad International reporting unit. The goodwill impairment charge is reflected in Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 18 for further discussion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, goodwill for the Pharmacogenomics reporting unit (formerly referred to as Mental Health) was approximately million, which represents approximately of total recorded goodwill. On November 1, 2024, UnitedHealthcare updated its medical policy for pharmacogenetic testing to no longer provide coverage for certain multi-gene panel pharmacogenetic tests, including the Company's GeneSight test, under its commercial and individual exchange benefit plans, effective January 1, 2025. The Company is still assessing the full impact of this policy change on its long-term forecasts; however, goodwill recorded in connection with this reporting unit may be at risk of impairment. The reporting unit was last quantitatively tested for goodwill impairment as of October 1, 2020, at which time the fair value of the reporting unit was in excess of the carrying value by . As more information becomes available about the impact of the coverage decision by UnitedHealthcare, or if other adverse events occur, the Company may be required to record a goodwill impairment charge, which could have a material impact on the financial statements. See Item 2. Business Updates and Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets consist of amortizable assets of developed technologies, internal-use software, customer relationships, and trademarks, as well as in-process internal-use software that is not yet being amortized. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its EndoPredict business, including certain developed technologies with a net book value of approximately million. See Note 18 for further discussion about the sale of the EndoPredict business. 
 ) Internal-use software ) Internal-use software (in-process) Customer relationships ) Trademarks ) Total intangible assets 
 ) 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ) Internal-use software 
 ) Internal-use software (in-process) 
 Customer relationships ) Trademarks ) Total intangible assets ) 

7. 
 Accrued taxes payable Refunds payable and reserves Short-term contingent consideration Accrued royalties Legal settlements 
 Lease termination accrual 
 Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 8. 
 million, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and issuing bank, the other lender parties thereto, and certain of the Company's domestic subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"). On October 31, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the ABL Facility to increase the maximum principal amount of the available revolving line of credit by million for a total maximum principal commitment of million under the ABL Facility, which was effected through a new commitment provided by a new lender, Goldman Sachs Bank USA. The ABL Facility matures on June 30, 2026. The obligations of the Company are guaranteed by the Guarantors and the ABL Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors. The Company had long-term debt of million under the ABL Facility at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net of million and million of debt issuance costs, respectively. Proceeds from the ABL Facility were or will be used for the working capital needs and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 Availability under the ABL Facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is the lesser of (a) of the Company's and the Guarantors' eligible accounts receivable plus certain cash held in a segregated and fully-blocked account with the administrative agent in an amount up to million ("Eligible Cash") minus any reserves established by the administrative agent in accordance with the ABL Facility, and (b) the aggregate amount of cash collections from eligible accounts of the Company and the Guarantors for the consecutive days most recently ended. Subject to certain conditions, the Company can freely withdraw cash from the Eligible Cash account, provided that any reduction in the Eligible Cash amount will have a corresponding reduction in the borrowing base under the ABL Facility. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 , and (iii) the monthly Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined below) plus (the ABR plus an applicable margin ranging from to depending on the aggregate average unused availability under the ABL Facility during the prior quarter or (b) term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") for a tenor of one, three or six months (at the Company s election) plus (the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to depending on the average unused availability under the ABL Facility during the prior quarter, with an ABR floor of and an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate floor of . Under the ABL Facility, the undrawn fee ranges from to basis points based on the daily amount of the available revolving commitment. The weighted average interest rate for borrowings under the ABL Facility as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 The Company may elect to prepay all or any portion of the amounts owed prior to the maturity date without premium or penalty. The ABL Facility is also subject to customary mandatory prepayments with the proceeds of unpermitted indebtedness and upon the occurrence of an over-advance. Voluntary and mandatory prepayments and all other payments of the ABL Facility must be accompanied by payment of accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid. 
 The ABL Facility contains customary loan terms, interest rates, representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, in each case, subject to customary limitations, exceptions and exclusions. Covenants under the ABL Facility limit or restrict the Company and its subsidiaries' ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, dispose of assets, make investments, make certain restricted payments, merge or consolidate, and enter into certain speculative hedging arrangements. The ABL Facility requires the Company and the Guarantors, on a consolidated basis, to maintain minimum liquidity of million and minimum availability of million at all times before achieving a fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.0 and thereafter, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.0 until achieving availability under the ABL Facility of greater than the greater of (a) million and (b) of the lesser of the maximum commitment amount and the borrowing base for a period of consecutive days. As of September 30, 2024, availability under the ABL Facility was million. In addition, the ABL Facility includes a number of customary events of default. If any event of default occurs (subject, in certain instances, to specified grace periods), the principal, premium, if any, interest, and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding amounts under the ABL Facility may become due and payable immediately. 
 Under the terms of the ABL Facility, if (i) an event of default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) availability under the ABL Facility is less than the greater of (a) million and (b) of the lesser of the maximum commitment amount and the borrowing base, the Company will become subject to cash dominion, upon which the administrative agent will apply funds credited to a collection account to first prepay any outstanding protective advances, second to prepay any revolving loans and third, to cash collateralize any outstanding letter of credit exposure. Such cash dominion period will end when availability has remained in excess of the greater of (i) million and (ii) of the lesser of the maximum commitment amount and the borrowing base for a period of consecutive days and no event of default is continuing. 
 
 9. 
 Escrow liability Legal settlements 
 Other Total other long-term liabilities 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million payable in annual installments, with (1) the first installment of million payable on the later of (a) 30 days after notification in writing by Ravgen of the successful conclusion in favor of Ravgen of all of Ravgen's litigations and patent reexaminations pending as of the Effective Date and (b) January 1, 2026 (the "Contingent Payment Date"); (2) the second installment of million on the first anniversary of the Contingent Payment Date; (3) the third installment of million on the second anniversary of the Contingent Payment Date; (4) the fourth installment of million on the third anniversary of the Contingent Payment Date; and (5) million on the fourth anniversary of the Contingent Payment Date. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay Ravgen a minimum of million in installment payments of which million is outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The remaining payments will be made in two installments: (1) million on or before October 31, 2024 and (2) million on or before October 31, 2025. The Company has accrued million in Accrued liabilities and million in Other long-term liabilities for these payments in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 10. 
 million shares of preferred stock, par value per share. There were shares of preferred stock outstanding at September 30, 2024. 
 The Company is authorized to issue up to million shares of common stock, par value per share. There were million shares of common stock issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024. 
 Common stock issued upon exercise of options, vesting of restricted stock units, and purchases under employee stock purchase plan Common stock issued and outstanding at end of period 
 Basic earnings per share is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock, including the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, outstanding. In periods when the Company has a net loss, stock awards are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as their inclusion would have an antidilutive effect. 
 Effect of dilutive shares Weighted-average shares outstanding and dilutive securities used to compute diluted EPS 
 Certain outstanding options and restricted stock units RSUs were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 million shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million shares of common stock available for grant under the 2017 Plan. If an RSU awarded under the 2017 Plan is cancelled or forfeited without the issuance of shares of common stock, the unissued shares that were subject to the RSU will again be available for issuance pursuant to the 2017 Plan. 
 The number of shares, terms, and vesting periods are generally determined by the Company s Board of Directors or the CHCC on an award-by-award basis. RSUs granted to employees generally vest either ratably over three or or as cliff vesting after either on the anniversary of the date on which the RSUs were granted or during the month in which such anniversary dates occur. The number of performance-based RSUs ("PSUs") awarded to certain employees may be increased or reduced based on certain additional performance and market metrics. RSUs granted to non-employee directors generally vest in full upon the earlier of the completion of of service following the date of the grant or the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following such grant. Options granted to the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer as an inducement to his employment expire on August 13, 2027. 
 The performance and market conditions associated with PSU awards granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include vesting that is based on revenue targets weighting), adjusted earnings per share targets weighting), and relative total stockholder return weighting) measured against the Nasdaq Health Care Index (IXHC) using the -trading day averages at the beginning and end of the measurement period. The measurement period for the relative total stockholder return metric is January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026, and the revenue and adjusted earnings per share metrics will be measured based on fiscal year 2026 results. The Company estimates the likelihood of achievement of performance conditions for all PSU awards at the end of each period. To the extent those awards or portions thereof are considered probable of being achieved, such awards or portions thereof are expensed over the performance period. The portion of the awards pertaining to relative total stockholder return represent market conditions and, accordingly, the estimated fair value of such awards is recognized over the performance period. 
 Stock Options 
 Options outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. There were options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs granted Less: RSUs vested ) RSUs canceled ) RSUs unvested and outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company also has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan that was initially approved by stockholders in 2012 and was amended and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on September 23, 2021 and the stockholders on June 2, 2022 (the "Amended and Restated 2012 Purchase Plan"), under which million shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2012 Purchase Plan. Shares are issued under the Amended and Restated 2012 Purchase Plan twice yearly at the end of each offering period and the number of shares that may be purchased by any participant during an offering period is limited to shares. The first offering period of 2024 started on December 1, 2023 and ended on May 31, 2024. The second offering period of 2024 began on June 1, 2024 and will end on November 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, million shares of common stock were available for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2012 Purchase Plan. 
 Plan compensation expense 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Research and development expense Selling, general, and administrative expense Total stock-based compensation expense 
 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. In the event that a PSU is determined to be improbable of vesting, the Company records an adjustment to reverse all previously recognized expense associated with the equity award in the current period. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 million in income tax expense, or approximately ) of pre-tax loss, compared to million income tax expense, or approximately ) of pre-tax loss, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million, or approximately ) of pre-tax loss, compared to an income tax expense of million, or approximately ) of pre-tax loss, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the recognition of valuation allowances. Due to the Company's cumulative loss and the exhaustion of future taxable income from the reversal of taxable temporary differences, the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate for the current year includes a valuation allowance against the majority of the current year increase in deferred tax assets. 
 
 13. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million to be paid by the Company, and that the Individual Defendants and the Company will not oppose or object to the requested fee award. The Settlement contains no admission of liability, wrongdoing or responsibility by any of the parties. 
 On August 6, 2024, the Delaware Court of Chancery held a hearing to consider the Settlement. The parties expect a ruling on or about November 26, 2024. 
 The Company has accrued million for the settlement of the stockholder derivative actions, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Change in operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets ) Operating lease liabilities ) Non-cash adjustment to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities from lease modifications Purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalization of internal-use software in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 15. 
 . Operating leases are included in Operating lease right-of-use assets, Noncurrent operating lease liabilities, and Current maturities of operating lease liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance leases are included in Other assets, Accrued liabilities, and Other long-term liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Due to the increase in remote and hybrid work and the Company's need to ensure its facilities are designed to handle future growth, the Company has been executing on a multi-year strategy to reset its real estate footprint. As part of that strategy, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company took full possession of the remaining phases of the west Salt Lake City, Utah facility and recognized an additional million right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, net of tenant improvement allowance not yet received. Also during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company decided to cease the use of its former corporate headquarters in Salt Lake City and transition corporate support operations to its new facility in west Salt Lake City, and as of December 31, 2023, the Company had formally assigned the lease for its previous corporate headquarters in Salt Lake City to a third party. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company terminated the lease for one of its Salt Lake City, Utah facilities. As a result of the termination, the short-term lease liability of million associated with the lease was removed from the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total net gain recognized in connection with the termination of the lease was million, which is included in Selling, general, and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also amended the lease for its west Salt Lake City, Utah headquarters to include approximately additional square feet in anticipation of future operating needs. The lease has a term of years, which is expected to commence in fiscal year 2026. Total future rent payments for the additional space are approximately million. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 16.) Period translation adjustments ) Reclassification of cumulative translation adjustment to income upon sale or liquidation of certain foreign entities 
 Ending balance September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 
 17. 
 million, which is included in Other income in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 18. 
 million, subject to customary closing adjustments, plus contingent consideration subject to certain earn-out conditions. The transaction was accounted for as a sale of business. The Company recognized a total net loss, including transaction expenses, of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in connection with this sale. The loss is included in Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The recognized loss included the release of million of foreign currency translation adjustments previously included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). As part of the transaction, the Company licensed the rights from Eurobio to continue to sell EndoPredict as a laboratory developed test outside of the European Union and licensed to Eurobio the right to sell Prolaris in vitro diagnostic kits outside the U.S. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. 
 We, us, our, Myriad and the Company as used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q refer to Myriad Genetics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 
 Myriad, the Myriad logo, BRACAnalysis, BRACAnalysis CDx, Colaris, MyRisk, Myriad myRisk, MyRisk Hereditary Cancer, myChoice, Tumor BRACAnalysis CDx, MyChoice CDx, Prequel, Prequel with Amplify, Amplify, Foresight, Foresight Universal Plus, Precise Tumor, Precise Oncology Solutions, Precise Liquid, Precise MRD, FirstGene, SneakPeek, SneakPeek Early Gender DNA Test, SneakPeek Snap, Urosuite, Mygenehistory, Health.Illuminated., RiskScore, Prolaris, and GeneSight are registered trademarks or trademarks of Myriad. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may appear without the , or SM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 The SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q contains such forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Words such as may, anticipate, estimate, expects, projects, intends, plans, believes, seek, could, continue, likely, will, strategy and goal and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are management s present expectations of future events and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, conditions, and events to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. These risks include, but are not limited to: 
 the risk that sales and profit margins of our existing tests may decline; 
 the risk that we may not be able to operate our business on a profitable basis; 
 risks related to our ability to achieve certain revenue growth targets and generate sufficient revenue from our existing product portfolio or in launching and commercializing new tests to be profitable; 
 risks related to changes in governmental or private insurers coverage and reimbursement levels for our tests or our ability to obtain reimbursement for new tests at comparable levels to our existing tests, including risks to our business and financial results associated with UnitedHealthcare's recent update to its medical policy for pharmacogenetic testing to no longer provide coverage for certain multi-gene panel pharmacogenetic tests, such as GeneSight, under its commercial and individual exchange benefit plans, effective January 1, 2025, and our pursuit of a resolution with respect thereto that may benefit the company and patients that could benefit from GeneSight; 
 risks related to increased competition and the development of new competing tests; 
 the risk that we may be unable to develop or achieve commercial success for additional tests in a timely manner, or at all; 
 the risk that we may not successfully develop new markets or channels for our tests; 
 the risk that licenses to the technology underlying our tests and any future tests are terminated or cannot be maintained on satisfactory terms; 
 risks related to delays or other problems with operating our laboratory testing facilities and the transition of such facilities to our new laboratory testing facilities; 
 risks related to public concern over genetic testing in general or our tests in particular; 
 risks related to regulatory requirements or enforcement in the United States and foreign countries and changes in the structure of the healthcare system or healthcare payment systems; 
 risks related to our ability to obtain new corporate collaborations or licenses and acquire or develop new technologies or businesses on satisfactory terms, if at all; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 risks related to our ability to successfully integrate and derive benefits from any technologies or businesses that we license, acquire, or develop; 
 the risk that we are not able to secure additional financing to fund our business, if needed, in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if it all; 
 risks related to our projections or estimates about the potential market opportunity for our current and future products; 
 the risk that we or our licensors may be unable to protect or that third parties will infringe the proprietary technologies underlying our tests; 
 the risk of patent-infringement claims or challenges to the validity of our patents; 
 risks related to changes in intellectual property laws covering our tests, or patents or enforcement, in the United States and foreign countries; 
 risks related to security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions, including from cyberattacks; 
 risks of new, changing and competitive technologies in the United States and internationally, and that we may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technology changes in our industry, or properly leverage new technologies to achieve or sustain competitive advantages in our products; 
 the risk that we may be unable to comply with financial or operating covenants under our credit or lending agreements; 
 the risk that we may not be able to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 
 risks related to current and future investigations, claims or lawsuits, including derivative claims, product or professional liability claims, and risks related to the amount of our insurance coverage limits and scope of insurance coverage with respect thereto; and 
 other factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, as updated in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024, and subsequent filings we make with the SEC. 
 In light of these assumptions, risks and uncertainties, the results and events discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or in any document incorporated by reference might not occur. Stockholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We are not under any obligation, and we expressly disclaim any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by law. All forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q attributable to us or to any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. 
 
 General 
 We are a leading genetic testing and precision medicine company dedicated to advancing health and well-being for all. We develop and offer tests that help assess the risk of developing disease or disease progression and guide treatment decisions across medical specialties where genetic insights can significantly improve patient care and lower health care costs. Our genetic tests provide insights that help people take control of their health and enable healthcare providers to better detect, treat, and prevent disease. 
 Personalized genetic data and digital and virtual consumer trends are converging to change traditional models of care. We believe significant growth opportunities exist to help patient populations with pressing health care needs through innovative genetic and precision medicine solutions and services. Our focus is on innovation and growth in three key areas where we have specialized products, capabilities, and expertise: Oncology, Women's Health, and Pharmacogenomics. The pillars of our long-term growth strategy are founded on investments in science and innovation, technology-enabled operations, an elevated customer experience, strong commercial execution, and scalable operations. We believe our path to continued growth is driven by articulating our clinical differentiation, raising awareness with patients who we believe would benefit from our testing products, and innovation that improves clinical outcomes, ease of use, and access. By investing in technology-enabled commercial tools, new laboratory facilities, advanced automation, and standardized processes and technology, we believe we will be able to reduce complexity and cost while enhancing our ability to scale and grow. In June 2024, we launched the Universal Plus Panel to our Foresight Carrier Screen or the Foresight Universal Plus Test, which is an expanded carrier screening test. We also plan to launch new products, such as FirstGene, Precise Liquid, and Precise minimal residual disease, or MRD, which we expect will help accelerate our growth. We intend to develop and enhance our products and services to support growth, improve patient and provider experience, and reach more patients of all backgrounds. We are committed to disciplined management of a key set of initiatives to fulfill our mission and drive long-term growth and profitability. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Business Updates 
 Our recent significant business updates and financial highlights include the following: 
 Revenue growth of 11 year-over-year for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Third quarter 2024 testing volumes grew 6 year-over-year, driven by 10 growth year-over-year in Pharmacogenomics test volumes, 5 growth year-over-year in Hereditary Cancer test volumes, and 3 growth year-over-year in Prenatal test volumes. 
 In October 2024, we announced five research collaborations to study the use of MRD testing in Breast Cancer. 
 In October 2024, we announced a joint effort with Ultima Genomics to explore the UG 100 TM sequencing platform and its ppmSeq TM technology to advance clinical testing. 
 In October 2024, we announced a third patent granted for MRD with an early priority date. 
 In August 2024, Peach State Health Plan, a managed Medicaid plan in Georgia, added GeneSight to its medical policy. The Peach State Plan is part of the Centene network of managed Medicaid plans. 
 
 On November 1, 2024, UnitedHealthcare updated its medical policy for pharmacogenetic testing to no longer provide coverage for certain multi-gene panel pharmacogenetic tests, including our GeneSight test, under its commercial and individual exchange benefit plans, effective January 1, 2025. We recognized approximately 40.0 million in revenue for GeneSight volume from UnitedHealthcare under these commercial and individual exchange plans during the last twelve months ended September 30, 2024. We do not believe that the updated policy affects coverage of GeneSight by UnitedHealthcare under Medicare Advantage and managed Medicaid plans. While we are still assessing the full impact of UnitedHealthcare's change in its GeneSight coverage policy, including our ability to offset the loss in GeneSight coverage, we anticipate that this change will negatively impact revenue in fiscal year 2025 and thereafter. In addition, please refer to Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" in the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for potential impacts of UnitedHealthcare's change on goodwill in our Pharmacogenomics reporting unit. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are discussed below. 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes year-over-year revenue changes in our core product categories: 
 Three months ended September 30, of Total Revenue 
 (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Testing revenues: Hereditary Cancer 90.5 86.5 4.0 43 45 Tumor Profiling 31.6 30.2 1.4 15 16 Prenatal 43.5 39.5 4.0 20 20 Pharmacogenomics 47.7 35.7 12.0 22 19 Total revenue 213.3 191.9 21.4 100 100 
 The following table summarizes testing volume changes in our core product categories: 
 Three months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Product volumes: 
 Hereditary Cancer 74 71 5 Tumor Profiling 13 13 Prenatal 162 156 3 Pharmacogenomics 127 116 10 Total 
 376 356 6 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Test revenues increased 21.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to both an increase in testing volumes and an increase in the average revenue per test, due in part to changes in contracted price and operational improvements. Pharmacogenomics revenues increased 12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to a 22 increase in the average revenue per test and a 10 increase in testing volume. Average revenue per test increased primarily due to a change in estimate. We expect that Pharmacogenomics revenues in fiscal year 2025 and thereafter will be negatively impacted by UnitedHealthcare's recent change in GeneSight test coverage under its commercial and individual exchange benefits plans. Hereditary Cancer revenues increased 4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to a 5 increase in testing volume. Prenatal revenues increased 4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to a 6 increase in average revenue per test and a 3 increase in testing volume. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 Three months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Cost of testing revenue 63.5 57.6 5.9 Cost of testing revenue as a of total revenue 
 29.8 30.0 
 Cost of testing revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5.9 million compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in testing volumes in Pharmacogenomics, Hereditary Cancer, and Prenatal tests. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Three months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Research and development expense 28.5 24.0 4.5 Research and development expense as a of total revenue 13.4 12.5 
 Research and development expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.5 million compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to additional investments in research and development related to increased headcount and laboratory expenses. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 Three months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 139.1 136.1 3.0 Selling, general, and administrative expense as a of total revenue 
 65.2 70.9 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense in the current period was generally consistent with the expenses incurred in the same period of the prior year. 
 Legal Settlements 
 Three months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Legal settlements 
 34.3 (34.3) Legal settlements as a of total revenue 
 17.9 
 There were no legal settlements in the three months ended September 30, 2024. Legal settlements in the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of 34.3 million in connection with accruals for pending settlements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill and Long-lived Asset Impairment Charges 
 Three months ended September 30, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges 2.2 2.2 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges as a of total revenue 1.0 
 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges in the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of 2.2 million of losses in connection with the sale of the EndoPredict business. There were no corresponding impairment charges in the same period of the prior year. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Three months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Other income (expense), net (1.2) (1.1) (0.1) 
 Other income (expense), net remained consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Three months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Income tax expense 
 0.9 0.1 0.8 Effective tax rate (4.2) (0.2) 
 Our tax rate is the product of a U.S. federal effective rate of 21.0 and a blended state income tax rate of approximately 3.4 . Certain significant or unusual items are separately recognized during the period in which they occur and can be a source of variability in the effective tax rates from period to period. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, there was 0.9 million income tax expense and our effective tax rate was (4.2) . For the three months ended September 30, 2023, there was 0.1 million income tax expense and our effective tax rate was (0.2) . For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the recognition of valuation allowances. Due to our cumulative loss and the exhaustion of future taxable income from the reversal of taxable temporary differences, our estimated annual effective tax rate for the current year includes a valuation allowance against the majority of the current year increase in deferred tax assets. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are discussed below. 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes year-over-year revenue changes in our core product categories: 
 Nine months ended September 30, of Total Revenue (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Testing revenues: Hereditary Cancer 270.1 238.9 31.2 43 43 Tumor Profiling 95.1 103.5 (8.4) 15 19 Prenatal 132.2 111.3 20.9 21 20 Pharmacogenomics 129.6 102.9 26.7 21 18 Total revenue 627.0 556.6 70.4 100 100 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes testing volume changes in our core product categories: 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Product volumes: 
 Hereditary Cancer 219 207 5 Tumor Profiling 41 45 (9) Prenatal 506 469 8 Pharmacogenomics 380 343 11 Total 
 1,146 1,064 8 
 Test revenues increased 70.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in the average revenue per test across the majority of our products, due in part to changes in contracted price and operational improvements, as well as an increase in testing volumes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 17.3 million of revenue as a change of estimate related to previously delivered tests, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in which we recorded a 6.2 million decrease in revenue as a change of estimate related to previously delivered tests. 
 Hereditary Cancer revenues increased 31.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to an 8 increase in average revenue per test and a 5 increase in testing volume. Pharmacogenomics revenues increased 26.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due primarily to a 13 increase in the average revenue per test, which was partially due to changes in the estimated revenue per test related to prior periods, and an 11 increase in testing volume. We expect that Pharmacogenomics revenues in fiscal year 2025 and thereafter will be negatively impacted by UnitedHealthcare's recent change in GeneSight test coverage under its commercial and individual exchange benefits plans. Prenatal revenues increased 20.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to a 10 increase in average revenue per test and an 8 increase in testing volume. Tumor Profiling revenues decreased 8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due primarily to a decrease in testing volume for MyChoice CDx, which was largely driven by MyChoice CDx studies that occurred in the prior year period. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Cost of testing revenue 192.5 174.6 17.9 Cost of testing revenue as a of total revenue 30.7 31.4 
 Cost of testing revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 17.9 million compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in testing volumes in Pharmacogenomics, Hereditary Cancer, and Prenatal tests. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Research and development expense 
 81.2 67.7 13.5 Research and development expense as a of total revenue 
 13.0 12.2 
 Research and development expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 13.5 million compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to additional investments in research and development, consisting of an 8.1 million increase in compensation costs and 4.5 million increase in laboratory expenses. Compensation expense increased in part due to an increase in the average cost per employee for the current period compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 424.0 428.5 (4.5) Selling, general, and administrative expense as a of total revenue 
 67.6 77.0 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense decreased 4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to a decrease in facility costs associated with our real estate optimization strategy. 
 Legal Settlements 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Legal settlements 
 111.8 (111.8) Legal settlements as a of total revenue 
 20.1 
 There were no legal settlements in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Legal settlements for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of 111.8 million in connection with accruals for pending settlements. 
 Goodwill and Long-lived Asset Impairment Charges 
 Nine months ended September 30, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges 
 13.8 13.8 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges as a of total revenue 
 2.2 
 Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 12.4 million of losses in connection with the sale of the EndoPredict business. There were no corresponding impairment charges in the same period of the prior year. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Other income (expense), net 0.1 (3.9) 4.0 
 Other income (expense), net increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due primarily to the 2.2 million gain recognized on the February 2024 acquisition of Precise assets and laboratory from Intermountain Health in the current period, an additional 1.3 million loss due to foreign currency fluctuations in the current period and the prior period including an additional 1.4 million in expense from the sale of investments. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Income tax expense 
 0.4 2.2 (1.8) Effective tax rate (0.5) (1.0) 
 Our tax rate is the product of a blended U.S. federal effective rate of 21.0 and a blended state income tax rate of approximately 3.4 . Certain significant or unusual items are separately recognized during the period in which they occur and can be a source of variability in the effective tax rates from period to period. 
 Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.4 million and our effective tax rate was (0.5) . Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 2.2 million and our effective tax rate was (1.0) . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our recognized effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the recognition of valuation allowances. Due to our cumulative loss and the exhaustion of future taxable income from the reversal of taxable temporary differences, our estimated annual effective tax rate for the current year includes a valuation allowance against the majority of the current year increase in deferred tax assets. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our expected cash flows from operations, and, in certain circumstances as discussed below, amounts available for borrowing under our asset-based revolving credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the other lender parties thereto, or the ABL Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 99.9 million and availability under the ABL Facility was 48.8 million, subject to the minimum availability requirement under the ABL Facility. Our capital deployment strategy focuses on use of resources in the key areas of research and development, technology and acquisitions. We believe that investing organically through research and development and new product development or acquisitively to support our business strategy provides the best return on invested capital. 
 Our ABL Facility has a total maximum principal commitment of 115.0 million. The ABL Facility requires that we and our subsidiaries guaranteeing the indebtedness, on a consolidated basis, maintain minimum liquidity of 60.0 million and minimum availability of 25.0 million at all times before achieving a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 and, thereafter, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 until achieving availability under the ABL Facility of greater of (a) 10.6 million and (b) 12.5 of the lesser of the maximum commitment amount and the borrowing base for a period of 30 consecutive days. As of September 30, 2024, we had 40.0 million outstanding under the ABL Facility and availability under the ABL Facility was 48.8 million, subject to the minimum availability requirement under the ABL Facility. 
 We believe that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our available capital resources, however, may be consumed more rapidly than currently expected, or may be insufficient for our business needs for many reasons, including as a result of our operational cash needs, capital expenditures, and litigation related costs not covered by, or above the limits set forth in, our insurance. In addition, we are subject to covenants under our ABL Facility which could limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or impact our ability to pursue other financing. If we do not generate sufficient cash from operations, if our capital resources are consumed more rapidly than expected, or if we no longer have access to additional funds under our ABL Facility and we are unable to secure additional funds on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our sales and marketing efforts, research and development activities, or other operations; or delay development of our tests in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations. If any of these events occurs, our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals could be adversely affected. 
 From time to time, we enter into purchase commitments or other agreements that may materially impact our liquidity position in future periods. In April 2024, we entered into an amendment of our lease in west Salt Lake City, Utah to include approximately 63,000 additional square feet. The lease has a term of 12 years, which is expected to commence in the second half of 2026. Total future rent payments for the additional space are approximately 18.2 million. 
 Because of the technical nature of our business and our focus on science, research, and development, we are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and experienced management, scientific, and technical personnel. Loss of the services of or failure to recruit additional key management, scientific, and technical personnel and other qualified personnel who are necessary to operate our business would adversely affect our business, and it may have a material adverse effect on our business as a whole. Additionally, disruptions to our supply chain could cause shortages of critical materials required to conduct our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our business as a whole. In addition, as discussed below, inflation has had, and may continue to have, an impact on the costs we incur to attract and retain qualified personnel, costs to generate sales and produce testing results, and costs of laboratory supplies. 
 Third-party payors, including state and federal health care programs such as Medicare, managed care organizations, and other private health insurers, are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting or denying coverage for certain tests and reducing reimbursement rates for both new and existing tests. We have experienced and may continue to experience coverage limitations or denials for many of our products. For example, on November 1, 2024, UnitedHealthcare updated its medical policy for pharmacogenetic testing to no longer provide coverage for certain multi-gene panel pharmacogenetic tests, including our GeneSight test, under its commercial and individual exchange benefit plans, effective January 1, 2025. We recognized approximately 40.0 million in revenue for GeneSight volume from UnitedHealthcare under these commercial and individual exchange plans during the last twelve months ended September 30, 2024. While we are still assessing the full impact of UnitedHealthcare's change in its GeneSight coverage policy, including our ability to offset the loss in GeneSight coverage, we anticipate that this change would negatively impact our revenue, profitability and cash flow in fiscal year 2025 and thereafter. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following table represents the balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities as of the dates set forth in the table below: 
 (in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Cash and cash equivalents 99.9 132.1 (32.2) Marketable investment securities 8.8 (8.8) Cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities 99.9 140.9 (41.0) 
 The decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities as of September 30, 2024 as compared to December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by 15.3 million in cash used by operations, 15.4 million in cash used for capital expenditures, 8.4 million in cash used for the capitalization of internal-use software, and 9.2 million in cash used for the payment of withholding tax for the issuance of common stock, net of proceeds from the issuance of common stock. The decrease in cash was partially offset by 8.8 million in cash received from the sale of our EndoPredict business. 
 The following table represents the Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Cash flows used in operating activities (15.3) (56.2) 40.9 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities (6.0) 43.9 (49.9) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (9.5) 31.0 (40.5) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (0.3) (0.1) (0.2) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (31.1) 18.6 (49.7) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the beginning of the period 140.9 66.4 74.5 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the end of the period 109.8 85.0 24.8 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 We used less cash for operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to an improvement in core operations which drove a 13 increase in revenues and an 8 decrease in expenses as a percentage of revenue, excluding non-cash expenses for goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges and accrued legal settlements. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received 16.3 million in tenant improvement allowance reimbursements that did not reoccur during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The decrease in cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to the 94.7 million decrease in cash flows from maturities and sales of marketable investment securities in the current period, partially offset by a 37.8 million decrease in capital expenditures in the current period in connection with the completion of the build-out of new facilities in the prior year. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The decrease in cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to proceeds of 40.0 million under the ABL Facility in the prior year period. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 While inflation continues to return to more moderate levels in 2024, inflation has had, and may continue to have, an impact on the labor costs we incur to attract and retain qualified personnel, costs to generate sales and produce testing results, and costs of laboratory supplies. Inflationary costs have impacted our profitability and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased inflation has had, and may continue to have, an effect on interest rates. An increase in interest rates in the future may adversely affect our borrowing rate and our ability to obtain, or the terms under which we can obtain, additional funding. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Critical accounting estimates are those policies which are both important to the presentation of a company s financial condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. For a further discussion of our critical accounting estimates, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. No significant changes to our accounting policies took place during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily relate to interest rates and foreign currency exchange risks. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily through borrowings under our ABL Facility. Our ABL Facility has a variable interest rate based on the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate, or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). An incremental change in the borrowing rate of 100 basis points would increase or decrease our annual interest expense by 0.4 million based on our 40.0 million debt outstanding on our ABL Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 We have been and may continue to be exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies with regard to certain agreements with service providers. While our expenses are predominantly denominated in U.S. dollars, approximately 8 of our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are denominated in other currencies, primarily in Japanese yen. A hypothetical 10 change in the value of the Japanese yen relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a 1 change in our revenues. Although we also have certain operations denominated in euros and Swiss francs, among other currencies, those operations are subject to less overall market risk due to the revenues and expenses being denominated in the same currency. We do not currently utilize hedging strategies to mitigate foreign currency risk. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, or Disclosure Controls, within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our Disclosure Controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our Disclosure Controls are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our Disclosure Controls, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily applied its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls, which was done under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on the evaluation of our Disclosure Controls, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our Disclosure Controls were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 For information regarding certain current legal proceedings, see Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" in the notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors included in Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" included in Part II of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024, other than the updates to the risk factors set forth below. We may disclose changes to risk factors or additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 
 If the government and other third-party payors fail to provide coverage and adequate payment for our existing and future tests, if any, our revenue and prospects for profitability will be harmed. 
 
 In both domestic and foreign markets, sales of our tests or any future tests will depend in large part upon the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. Such third-party payors include state and federal health care programs such as Medicare, managed care organizations, other private health insurers and other organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by demanding price discounts and limiting both coverage regarding which tests they will pay for and the amounts that they will pay for existing and new tests. We have experienced coverage limitations and price reductions for many of our products, including for our GeneSight Psychotropic Mental Health Medication Test, and we may continue to experience future coverage limitations and price reductions from the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, managed care organizations, and other third-party payors. We do not receive reimbursement from third-party payers or payment from patients for many of the tests we perform. The fact that a test has been approved for reimbursement in the past, for any particular indication or in any particular jurisdiction, does not guarantee that such a test will be approved or remain approved for reimbursement, that the reimbursement amount approved for such test will not be reduced in the future, or that similar or additional tests will be approved for reimbursement in the future. For example, on November 1, 2024, UnitedHealthcare updated its medical policy for pharmacogenetic testing to no longer provide coverage for certain multi-gene panel pharmacogenetic tests, including our GeneSight test, under its commercial and individual exchange benefit plans, effective January 1, 2025. We recognized approximately 40.0 million in revenue for GeneSight volume from UnitedHealthcare under these commercial and individual exchange plans during the last twelve months ended September 30, 2024. While we are still assessing the full impact of UnitedHealthcare's change in its GeneSight coverage policy, including our ability to offset the loss in GeneSight coverage, we anticipate that this change will negatively impact revenue in fiscal year 2025 and thereafter. While we intend to continue our engagement with UnitedHealthcare regarding its decision to change its GeneSight coverage policy, there is no guarantee that our efforts will be successful or that our GeneSight test will be covered by UnitedHealthcare in the future. If unchanged, UnitedHealthcare's updated medical policy for these plans will prevent us from sustaining previous GeneSight revenue or profitability levels and may materially and adversely affect our business and financial results as a whole and could lead to coverage changes in other UnitedHealthcare plans and at other payors. Moreover, there can be no assurance that any new tests we have launched or may launch will be reimbursed at rates that are comparable to the rates that we historically obtained for our existing product portfolio. As a result, third-party payors may not cover or provide adequate payment for our current or future tests to enable us to maintain past levels of revenue or profitability with respect to such tests. Further, third-party reimbursement might not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on investment in product development. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, under the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA), Medicare reimbursement for any given test is based on the weighted-median of the payments made by private payors for such test, rendering private payor payment levels even more significant. As a result, future Medicare payments may fluctuate more often and become subject to the willingness of private payors to recognize the value of tests generally and any given test individually. Since December 2019, Congress has passed a series of laws to modify PAMA s statutory requirements related to the data reporting period and phase-in of payment reductions under the Medicare s Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule (CLFS) for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests (CDLTs) that are not advanced diagnostic laboratory tests (ADLT). Most recently, the Further Continuing Appropriations and Other Extensions Act of 2024 (Pub.L. 118-22, enacted on November, 16, 2023) further delayed the reporting requirement as well as the application of the 15 phase-in reduction. Under these statutory provisions, the next data reporting period for CDLTs that are not ADLTs will be January 1, 2025 through March 31, 2025. The same series of laws modified the phase-in of payment reductions resulting from private payor rate implementation so that a 0.0 percent reduction limit was applied for calendar years 2021 through 2023, as compared to the payment amounts for a test the preceding year. The Further Continuing Appropriations and Other Extensions Act of 2024 further applied a 0.0 percent reduction limit for calendar year 2024. Consequently, payment may not be reduced by more than 15 percent per year for calendar years 2025 through 2027 as compared to payment amount established for a test the prior year. Any declines in average selling prices of our products due to pricing pressures may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Third-party payors may also impose prior authorization requirements, dispute our billing or coding and may decide to deny payment or recoup payment for testing that they contend to have been not medically necessary, against their coverage determinations, or for which they have otherwise overpaid, and we may be required to change our revenue estimates for previously delivered tests or refund reimbursements already received. We have also experienced delays or denials of coverage for failure to adequately comply with procedural requirements imposed by third-party payors to obtain reimbursement. When a third-party payor denies payment for testing, we often are not able to collect payment from the patient, and therefore, we do not receive any payment from our testing. We also periodically receive and respond to requests for recoupment from third-party payors in the ordinary course of business. If a third-party payor successfully proves that payment for prior testing was in breach of contract or otherwise contrary to law, they may recoup payment, which amounts could be significant and would impact our results of operations. We may also continue to negotiate and settle with third-party payers in order to resolve allegations of overpayment. 
 As part of our revenue recognition process, we estimate the expected amount of consideration to be received from our tests using all the information (historical, current, and forecast) that is reasonably available to identify possible consideration amounts. The estimate of revenue is affected by, among other factors, changes in payor mix, payor collections, current customer contractual requirements, experience with collections from third-party payors, and changes in medical policies. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, positive and negative changes in our revenue estimates for previously delivered tests as a result of third-party payors disputing our bills or denying payment for tests that we have performed or from changes in the estimated transaction price due to contractual adjustments, obtaining updated information from payors and patients that was unknown at the time the performance obligation was met and settlements with third-party payors. While we believe our revenue recognition process is reasonable and performed in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we cannot guarantee that our revenue estimates for our tests will be accurate or equal the amount of cash actually collected or that we will not continue to recognize positive or negative changes in our revenues for tests performed in prior periods. For example, we have one third-party payor that represents 19 and 12 of our total accounts receivable balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. If the actual amount of cash collected differs from our current estimates, our revenue may be materially impacted. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Third-party payors, such as commercial health insurers and government payors and programs, may also adopt requirements, programs or policies that may restrict or adversely affect our business. For example, in September 2022, the California Department of Public Health (CDPH) promulgated certain regulatory amendments to the California Prenatal Screening (PNS) Program that made the PNS Program the exclusive means of obtaining cfDNA trisomy screening in California. These regulatory amendments set a price that participating laboratories would receive for each cfDNA test that was substantially lower than laboratories had previously charged, and prohibited laboratories that did not contract with CDPH from participating in the PNS Program and from offering or performing cfDNA trisomy screening in California. As we are not a participating laboratory under the PNS Program, we would have been prohibited from offering or performing our Prequel screening test in California. On September 16, 2022, we filed jointly with Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (Labcorp) a writ petition in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Francisco, against the CDPH and its Director challenging CDPH s ability to make the PNS Program the exclusive means of obtaining cfDNA trisomy screening in California. On September 16, 2022, we also moved jointly with Labcorp for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the implementation and enforcement of the new exclusivity regulation. On November 2, 2022, the Superior Court granted our motion for a preliminary injunction, which allowed us to continue to offer our Prequel screening test in California. On December 17, 2022, we filed jointly with Labcorp a motion for judgment on our writ, through which we sought a permanent injunction to enjoin the implementation and enforcement of the new exclusivity regulation. On April 28, 2023, the Superior Court issued an order granting our motion for a permanent injunction to enjoin the implementation and enforcement of the new exclusivity regulation. On June 1, 2023, the Superior Court issued a final judgment and writ of mandate enjoining the implementation and enforcement of the new exclusivity regulation. The CDPH did not file a notice of appeal. As a result of the foregoing, we expect to continue to be able to offer and perform our Prequel screening test in California. However, the possibility that we might not be able to continue to offer our Prequel screening test in California had a chilling effect on sales of our Prequel screening test in California. 
 U.S. and foreign governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to reduce the cost of health care. For example, in some foreign markets, the government controls the pricing of many health care products. We expect that there will continue to be federal and state proposals to implement governmental controls or impose health care requirements. In addition, the Medicare program and increasing emphasis on managed care in the United States will continue to put pressure on product pricing. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price that we would receive for any tests in the future, which would limit our revenue and profitability. 
 Impairment in the value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 We record goodwill and intangible assets at fair value upon the acquisition of a business. Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if conditions warrant, by comparing the carrying value of a reporting unit to its estimated fair value. Intangible assets with definite lives are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Declines in operating results, divestitures, sustained market declines and other factors that impact the fair value of a reporting unit, such as the anticipated loss of future revenue from our Pharmacogenomics reporting unit, which unit accounted for approximately 42.3 of our total recorded goodwill at September 30, 2024, as a result of UnitedHealthcare's decision to no longer provide coverage for our GeneSight test under its commercial and individual exchange benefit plans, could result in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets and, in turn, a charge to net income. Any such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of our directors or executive officers adopted, modified or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Furnished). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 MYRIAD GENETICS, INC. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Paul J. Diaz Paul J. Diaz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Scott J. Leffler 
 Scott J. Leffler 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial officer) Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Natalie Munk Natalie Munk Chief Accounting Officer (Principal accounting officer) 
 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SARBANES-OXLEY SECTION 302(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul J. Diaz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Myriad Genetics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 By s Paul J. Diaz Paul J. Diaz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SARBANES-OXLEY SECTION 302(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott J. Leffler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Myriad Genetics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 By s Scott J. Leffler Scott J. Leffler Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-certificationpu.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Myriad Genetics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 Date November 8, 2024 By s Paul J. Diaz By s Scott J. Leffler Paul J. Diaz Scott J. Leffler President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 mygn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 mygn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 mygn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 mygn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 mygn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

