<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_1111335_0001111335-24-000132.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6934381</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90284</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1425994</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2389529</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1497674</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1393000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001111335-24-000132.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024070712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001111335-24-000132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISTEON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001111335
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				383519512
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15827
		FILM NUMBER:		241390707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VILLAGE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-847-8366

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VILLAGE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001111335-24-000132.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 vc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

vc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 ________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State of (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )- 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No__ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No __ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer, "smaller reporting company" and emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 
 As of October 17, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Exhibit index located on page number 40. 
 1 

Visteon Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Index 
 Part I - Financial Information 
 Page Item 1 - Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 Part II - Other Information 
 39 
 Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 39 
 Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 39 
 Item 5 - Other Information 
 3 9 
 Item 6 - Exhibits 
 39 
 Exhibit Index 
 40 
 Signatures 
 40 
 
 2 

Part I 
 Financial Information 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 ) ) ) ) Gross margin 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 ) ) ) ) Restructuring, net 
 ) ) ) Interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) Interest income 
 Equity in net income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates 
 ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 Less: Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon Corporation 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories, net 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Investments in non-consolidated affiliates 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Short-term debt 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued employee liabilities 
 Current lease liability 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net 
 Employee benefits 
 Non-current lease liability 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock (par value , million shares authorized, outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Common stock (par value , million shares authorized, million shares issued, 27.6 million shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 27.7 million shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023) 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Treasury stock 
 ) ) Total Visteon Corporation stockholders equity 
 Non-controlling interests 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Non-cash stock-based compensation 
 Equity in net loss (income) of non-consolidated affiliates, net of dividends remitted 
 Tax valuation allowance benefit 
 ) Other non-cash items 
 ) Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories 
 ) Accounts payable 
 ) Other assets and other liabilities 
 ) Net cash provided from operating activities 
 Investing Activities 
 Capital expenditures, including intangibles 
 ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Contributions to equity method investments ) ) Loan provided to non-consolidated affiliate ) Other Net cash used by investing activities 
 ) ) Financing Activities 
 Principal repayment of term debt facility ) ) Dividends to non-controlling interests ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Stock based compensation tax withholding payments ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Net cash used by financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period 
 Cash, equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Total Visteon Corporation Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Visteon Corporation Stockholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net ) Share repurchase ) ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest ) ) March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Dividends to non-controlling interest ) ) June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Stock-based compensation, net Dividends to non-controlling interest ) ) September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Total Visteon Corporation Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Visteon Corporation Stockholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Stock-based compensation, net ) ) ) Dividends to non-controlling interest ) ) March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Share repurchase ) ) ) Dividends to non-controlling interest ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Share repurchase ) ) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 

million of China bank notes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Remaining amounts outstanding at third-party institutions related to sold bank notes will mature by March 31, 2025. 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 million ("German Acquisition") not including contingent consideration of up to million to be paid over a period not to exceed three years if certain financial and operational milestones are achieved. The German Acquisition is expected to expand and strengthen the Company's technology service offerings. 
 
 The German Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, with the purchase price allocated on a preliminary basis as of August 29, 2024. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the residual amount recognized as goodwill, is based upon estimated information and is subject to change within the measurement period. The measurement period is a period not to exceed one year from the acquisition date during which the Company may adjust estimated or provisional amounts recorded during purchase accounting if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in revised estimated values of those assets or liabilities as of that date. Measurement period adjustments are recorded in the period identified. Any adjustments to amounts recorded in purchase accounting that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments are included in earnings in the period identified. 
 
 The aggregate purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities assumed as follows: 
 
 (In millions) Cash Fair value of contingent consideration Total fair value of consideration Assets acquired: Cash Accounts receivable Intangible assets Goodwill Liabilities acquired: Accounts payable Deferred tax liability Other liabilities 
 
 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at estimated fair values based on management's estimates, available information, and reasonable and supportable assumptions. Additionally, the Company utilized a third-party to assist with certain estimates of fair values. 
 
 Fair values for intangible assets were based on the income approach including excess earnings and relief from royalty methods. These fair value measurements are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The preliminary purchase price allocations may be subsequently adjusted to reflect final valuation results. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and other methods that account for the probabilities of various outcomes. 
 
 In connection with the German Acquisition, the Company recorded intangible assets including a tradename of million and customer related assets of million. These definite lived intangible assets are being amortized using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives of 10 years for tradename and 16 years for customer related assets. 
 
 The pro forma effects of the German Acquisition does not materially impact the Company's reported results for any period presented, and as a result no pro forma financial statements are presented. 
 
 The Company incurred million in costs related to the acquisition which are classified as Other income (expense), net on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 9 

NOTE 3. Non-Consolidated Affiliates 
 
 Investments in Affiliates 
 Limited partnerships Other 
 Total investments in non-consolidated affiliates 

Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company evaluates whether joint ventures in which it has invested are Variable Interest Entities VIE at the start of each new venture and when a reconsideration event has occurred. The Company consolidates a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE having both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 The Company determined that YFVIC is a VIE. The Company holds a variable interest in YFVIC primarily related to its ownership interests and subordinated financial support. The Company and Yangfeng Automotive Trim Systems Co. Ltd. ("YF") each own of YFVIC and neither entity has the power to control the operations of YFVIC; therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of YFVIC and does not consolidate the joint venture. 
 Exposure to loss in YFVIC: 
 Investment in YFVIC 
 Receivables due from YFVIC, net 
 Loan receivable from YFVIC 
 Maximum exposure to loss in YFVIC 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company entered into a loan agreement with YFVIC in the amount of million, considered to be additional financial support. During the third quarter, 3 million of Equity in Earnings (Losses) of Unconsolidated Affiliated related to YFVIC have been recorded as a reduction of the loan receivable. The net balance of the loan of million is recorded in Other Current Assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Non-Consolidated Affiliate Transactions 
 The Company has committed to make a million investment in two entities principally focused on the automotive sector pursuant to limited partnership agreements. As a limited partner in each entity, the Company will periodically make capital contributions toward this total commitment amount. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has contributed a total of approximately million toward the aggregate investment commitments. These limited partnerships are classified as equity method investments. 
 
 In 2022, the Company made an investment in a private limited company focused on technology development for the automotive industry of million. There have been no further contributions as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 A million dividend was declared by a non-consolidated affiliate during the nine months ended 2024, recorded as an other current asset. 
 10 

NOTE 4. 
 million and million of net restructuring expense primarily related to employee severance, respectively. 
 
 Current restructuring actions include the following: 
 
 During September of 2024, the Company approved a global restructuring program impacting manufacturing and engineering facilities, as well as administrative functions to improve efficiency and further rationalize the Company s footprint. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded approximately million of employee severance, retention and termination costs related to this program. As of September 30, 2024, million remains accrued for the program and is expected to be in substance, complete. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company approved and recorded million of net restructuring expense related to various global programs to improve efficiencies and rationalize the Company's footprint. As of September 30, 2024, million remains accrued related to this action. 
 
 During prior years, the Company approved various restructuring programs to improve efficiencies across the organization. As of September 30, 2024, million remains accrued related to these previously announced actions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company retained restructuring reserves as part of the Company's divestiture of the majority of its global Interiors business (the "Interiors Divestiture") and legacy operations of million associated with completed programs for the fundamental reorganization of operations at facilities in Brazil and France. 
 
 Restructuring Reserves 
 
 Expense Utilization ) March 31, 2024 Expense Utilization ) June 30, 2024 Expense Utilization ) September 30, 2024 

11 

NOTE 5. 
 
 Work-in-process 
 Finished products 

NOTE 6. 
 
 ) ) Customer related ) ) Capitalized software development ) ) Tradename Other ) ) Subtotal ) ) Indefinite-Lived: Goodwill Total ) ) 
 
 Capitalized software development consists of software development costs intended for integration into customer products. 
 
 In connection with the German Acquisition, the Company recorded intangible assets including a tradename of million and customer related assets of million. These definite lived intangible assets are being amortized using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives of 10 years for tradename and 16 years for customer related assets. Additionally, the Company recorded goodwill of million for the excess of the purchase price over the net of the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired. 

12 

NOTE 7. 
 
 Contractually reimbursable engineering costs 
 Prepaid assets and deposits 
 Joint venture receivables 
 Joint venture loan receivable Contractual payments Other 

During the third quarter, 3 million of Equity in Earnings (Losses) of Unconsolidated Affiliated related to YFVIC have been recorded as a reduction of the loan receivable as further described in Note 3, Non-Consolidated Affiliates". 
 
 Contractually reimbursable engineering costs Recoverable taxes Derivative financial instruments Other 
 
 Current and non-current contractually reimbursable engineering costs are related to pre-production design and development costs incurred pursuant to long-term supply arrangements that are contractually guaranteed for reimbursement by customers. The Company expects to receive cash reimbursement payments of million during the remainder of 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028 and beyond. 
 
 13 

NOTE 8. 
 
 Deferred income 
 Non-income taxes payable 
 Income taxes payable 
 Royalty reserves 
 Joint venture payable 
 Restructuring reserves 
 Dividends payable 
 Other 

Restructuring reserves Income tax reserves 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 Deferred income 
 Contingent payment Other 

NOTE 9. 
 Long-Term Debt: Term debt facility, net 
 On July 19, 2022 the Company entered into an amended and restated Credit Agreement which included a million Term Facility and a million Revolving Credit Facility. The amendment, among other things, changed the Credit Agreement from a LIBOR-based rate to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") based rate and extended the Credit Agreement maturity date to July 19, 2027. 
 
 On June 28, 2023, the Company amended the existing Credit Agreement to, among other things, amend certain affirmative and negative covenants. 
 
 The Company has deferred costs of million and million related to these amendments to the Credit Agreement, which are recorded in Other non-current assets and Long-term debt, net, respectively. The deferred costs will be amortized over the term of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 14 

million of capacity under short-term credit facilities. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 The Company has no outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Interest on the Term Facility loans a nd Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at a rate equal to a SOFR-based rate plus an applicable margin of between and , as determined by the Company's total gross leverage ratio. The Company can benefit from a 5 basis point decrease to the applicable margin due to a sustainability-linked pricing provision based on the Company's annual performance on reducing GHG emissions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement requires compliance with customary affirmative and negative covenants and contains customary events of default. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires that the Company maintain a total net leverage ratio no greater than :1.00. During any period when the Company s corporate and family ratings meet investment grade ratings, certain of the negative covenants are suspended. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility also provides million availability for the issuance of letters of credit and a maximum of million for swing line borrowings. Any amount of the facility utilized for letters of credit or swing line loans outstanding will reduce the amount available under the existing Revolving Credit Facility. The Company may request increases in the limits under the Credit Agreement and may request the addition of one or more term loan facilities. Outstanding borrowings may be prepaid without penalty (other than borrowings made for the purpose of reducing the effective interest rate margin or weighted average yield of the loans). There are mandatory prepayments of principle in connection with: (i) excess cash flow sweeps above certain leverage thresholds, (ii) certain asset sales or other dispositions, (iii) certain refinancing of indebtedness and (iv) over-advances under the Revolving Credit Facility. There are no excess cash flow sweeps required at the Company s current leverage level. 
 
 All obligations under the Credit Agreement and obligations with respect to certain cash management services and swap transaction agreements between the Company and its lenders are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, any amounts outstanding are secured by a first-priority perfected lien on substantially all property of the Company and the subsidiaries party to the security agreement, subject to certain limitations. 
 
 Other 
 
 The Company has a million letter of credit facility, whereby the Company is required to maintain a cash collateral account equal to for non-U.S. dollar denominated letters) of the aggregate stated amount of issued letters of credit and must reimburse any amounts drawn under issued letters of credit. The Company had million and million of outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility secured by restricted cash, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company had million of locally issued bank guarantees and letters of credit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, to support various tax appeals, customs arrangements and other obligations at its local affiliates. 
 
 15 

NOTE 10. 
 Pension financing benefits (cost): 
 Interest cost 
 ) ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Amortization of losses and other 
 Total pension financing benefits: ) Net pension benefit (cost) ) 
 The Company's net periodic benefit costs for all defined benefit plans for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Costs Recognized in Income: 
 Pension service (cost): 
 Service cost 
 ) ) Pension financing benefits (costs): 
 Interest cost 
 ) ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Amortization of losses and other 
 Total pension financing benefits: ) Net pension benefit (cost) ) ) 
 Pension financing benefits are classified as Other income (expense), net on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 million related to its U.S. plans and million related to its non-U.S. plans. The Company estimates that total cash contributions related to its U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans during 2024 will be million and 7 million, respectively. 
 16 

NOTE 11. 
 During the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a provision for income tax of million. This reflects (i) income tax expense in countries where the Company is profitable, (ii) where they have accrued withholding taxes, and (iii) where they are unable to record a tax benefit for pretax losses and/or recognize expense for pretax income due to valuation allowances. Pretax losses in jurisdictions where valuation allowances are maintained and, consequently, no income tax benefits are recognized, totaled million and million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in an increase in the Company's effective tax rate in those years. 
 
 The Company's provision for income taxes in interim periods is computed by applying an estimated annual effective tax rate against income before income taxes, excluding equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates for the period. Effective tax rates vary from period-to-period as separate calculations are performed for those countries where the Company's operations are profitable and whose results continue to be tax-effected, and for those countries where full valuation allowances exist and are maintained. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company reassessed the future utilization of deferred tax assets in Germany primarily related to the German Acquisition to be combined with the German consolidated tax group resulting in recording a million discrete income tax benefit during the quarter. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company released million of valuation allowance against its U.S. net deferred tax assets reflecting the amount more likely than not to be realized. The Company continues to carefully assess all available positive and negative evidence closely monitoring current and projected financial performance as the realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during periods prior to the expiration of tax attributes to fully utilize these assets. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the "OECD"), Pillar Two initiative introduced a 15 global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis and for which many jurisdictions have now committed to an effective enactment date starting January 1, 2024. The Company has incorporated the estimated annual effect of these new rules and the impact on the Company's effective tax rate is not material. The Company will continue to evaluate and to monitor for any changes in these new rules as well as any other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations. 
 17 

NOTE 12. 
 Yanfeng Visteon Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. Changchun Visteon FAWAY Automotive Electronics, Co., Ltd. 
 Other 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid approximately million to buy-out the shares of a minority joint venture partner in Tunisia. 
 18 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Ending balance 
 ) ) ) ) Changes in AOCI by Component: 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Beginning balance 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Ending balance 
 ) ) ) ) Net investment hedge 
 Beginning balance 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax 
 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Ending balance 
 Benefit plans 
 Beginning balance 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Ending balance 
 ) ) ) ) Unrealized hedging gain (loss) 
 Beginning balance 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Ending balance 
 Total AOCI 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On March 2, 2023 the Company's board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of million of common stock through December 31, 2026. Under this program, the Company will repurchase shares at the prevailing market prices pursuant to specified share price and daily volume limits. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not purchase any shares related to this program. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has repurchased shares at an average price of related to this program. There were no excise taxes incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Excise taxes incurred due to purchases under the program totaled less than million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 19 

NOTE 13. 
 
 Denominator: 
 Average common stock outstanding - basic 
 Dilutive effect of performance based share units and other 
 Diluted shares 
 Basic and Diluted Per Share Data: 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon: 

NOTE 14. 
 20 

million intended to mitigate the variability of U.S. dollar value investment in certain of its non-U.S. entities. These swaps are designated as net investment hedges. There was no ineffectiveness associated with such derivatives as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The fair value of these derivatives is a non-current liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, a gain of approximately million is expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps: The Company utilizes interest rate swap instruments to manage its exposure and to mitigate the impact of interest rate variability. The swaps are designated as cash flow hedges, accordingly, the effective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. Subsequently, the accumulated gains and losses recorded in equity are reclassified to income in the period during which the hedged exposure impacts earnings. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company had interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of million. The fair value of these derivatives is a non-current asset of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, a loss of approximately million is expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 
 Financial Statement Presentation) ) ) Net investment hedges 
 ) ) ) ) Nine months ended September 30, Interest rate risk - Interest expense, net: 
 Interest rate swaps 
 ) ) ) ) Net investment hedges 
 ) ) ) ) 
 Items Not Carried at Fair Value 
 The Company's fair value of debt was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Fair value estimates were based on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. Accordingly, the Company's debt fair value disclosures are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 21 

and of the Company's balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Ford represents and of the Company's balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 15. 
 million for claims aggregating million in Brazil as of September 30, 2024. The amounts accrued represent claims that are deemed probable of loss and are reasonably estimable based on the Company's assessment of the claims and prior experience with similar matters. 
 While the Company believes its accruals for litigation and claims are adequate, the final amounts required to resolve such matters could differ materially from recorded estimates and the Company's results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected. 
 Product Warranty and Recall 
 Amounts accrued for product warranty and recall claims are based on management s best estimates of the amounts that will ultimately be required to settle such items. The Company s estimates for product warranty and recall obligations are developed with support from its sales, engineering, quality and legal functions and include due consideration of contractual arrangements, past experience, current claims and related information, production changes, industry and regulatory developments, and various other considerations. The Company can provide no assurances that it will not experience material claims in the future or that it will not incur significant costs to defend or settle such claims beyond the amounts accrued or beyond what the Company may recover from its suppliers. 
 22 

Provisions Changes in estimates 
 Currency/other ) Settlements ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Guarantees and Commitments 
 As part of 2015 divestitures involving the Company's former climate and interiors businesses, the Company continues to provide lease guarantees to divested Climate and Interiors entities. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has million and million of outstanding guarantees, related to the divested Climate and Interiors entities, respectively. The guarantees represent the maximum potential amount that the Company could be required to pay under the guarantees in the event of default by the guaranteed parties. The guarantees will generally cease upon expiration of current lease agreement which expire in 2026 and 2024 for the Climate and Interiors entities, respectively. 
 Other Contingent Matters 
 
 Various legal actions, governmental investigations and proceedings and claims are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the future against the Company, including those arising out of alleged defects in the Company s products; governmental regulations relating to safety; employment-related matters; customer, supplier and other contractual relationships; intellectual property rights; product warranties; customs and international trade regulations; product recalls; product liability claims; and environmental matters. Some of the foregoing matters may involve compensatory, punitive or antitrust or other treble damage claims in very large amounts, or demands for recall campaigns, environmental remediation programs, sanctions, or other relief which, if granted, would require very large expenditures. The Company enters into agreements that contain indemnification provisions in the normal course of business for which the risks are considered nominal and impracticable to estimate. 
 
 Contingencies are subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. Reserves have been established by the Company for matters discussed in the immediately foregoing paragraphs where losses are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. It is possible, however, that some of the matters discussed in the foregoing paragraphs could be decided unfavorably to the Company and could require the Company to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts, or a range of amounts, that cannot be estimated as of September 30, 2024 and that are in excess of established reserves. The Company does not reasonably expect, except as otherwise described herein, based on its analysis, that any adverse outcome from such matters would have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, although such an outcome is possible. 
 
 23 

NOTE 16. Revenue Recognition and Geographical Information 
 
 Europe China Domestic China Export Other Asia-Pacific Eliminations ) ) ) ) 
 Cockpit domain controller Body and electrification electronics Infotainment Information displays Other 

24 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows of Visteon Corporation Visteon or the Company ). MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2024 and the financial statements and accompanying notes to the financial statements included elsewhere herein. 

Executive Summary 
 Strategic Priorities 
 Visteon is a global automotive technology company serving the mobility industry, dedicated to creating more enjoyable, connected, and safe driving experiences. Our platforms leverage proven, scalable hardware and software solutions that enable the digital, electric and autonomous evolution of our global automotive customers. The automotive mobility market is expected to grow faster than underlying vehicle production volumes as the vehicle shifts from analog to digital and towards device and cloud connected, electric vehicles, and vehicles with more advanced safety features. 
 
 The Company has laid out the following strategic priorities: 
 
 Technology Innovation - The Company is an established global leader in cockpit electronics and is positioned to provide solutions as the industry transitions to the next generation automotive cockpit experience. The cockpit is becoming fully digital, connected, automated, learning, and voice enabled. Visteon's broad portfolio of cockpit electronics technology, the industry's first wireless battery management system, and the development of safety technology integrated into its domain controllers positions Visteon to support these macro trends in the automotive industry. 
 
 Long-Term Growth - The Company has continued to win business at a rate that exceeds current sales levels by demonstrating product quality, technical and development capability, new product innovation, reliability, timeliness, product design, manufacturing capability, and flexibility, as well as overall customer service. 
 
 Balanced Capital Allocation with a Strong Balance Sheet - The Company continues to maintain a strong balance sheet to withstand near-term industry volatility and support a balanced capital allocation framework. The Company is primarily focused on allocating capital to high-returning organic initiatives that increase internal capabilities, pursuing attractive inorganic opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders. In March 2023, the Company announced a 300 million share repurchase program maturing at the end of 2026. The Company has repurchased 126 million of Company common stock under this program. On August 29, 2024, Visteon acquired all equity shares of a German advanced design and R D services firm for a net cash outlay of 48 million as a growth initiative. 
 
 25 

Financial Results 
 
 The pie charts below highlight the net sales breakdown for Visteon for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Regional net sales are based on the geographic region where sales originate and not where customer is located (excludes inter-regional eliminations). 
 Global Automotive Market Conditions and Production Levels 
 Automotive industry production has been turbulent in recent years with impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, worldwide semiconductor and other supply related shortages, a UAW strike, inflation, increased geopolitical challenges, and the industry transition to electric vehicles. Industry vehicle volumes increased in 2022 and again in 2023 as the worldwide semiconductor and other supply related shortages have eased. However, industry production volumes are expected to decline approximately 2 million units which equates to approximately 88 million units produced in 2024, which is below recent industry production levels that peaked in 2017. Risks related to vehicle affordability, economic uncertainty, potential geopolitical challenges, and customer market share changes create ongoing uncertainties. The magnitude of the impact on the financial statements, results of operations, and cash flows will be dependent on plant production schedules, supply chain impacts, global economic impacts, and electric vehicle adoption. 
 26 

Results of Operations - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The Company's consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Change Net sales 980 1,014 (34) Cost of sales (849) (871) 22 Gross margin 131 143 (12) Selling, general and administrative expenses (51) (52) 1 Restructuring, net (28) (28) Interest, net (1) 1 Equity in net income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates (3) (1) (2) Other income (expense), net 2 3 (1) Provision for income taxes (11) (21) 10 Net income (loss) 40 71 (31) Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (1) (5) 4 Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 39 66 (27) Adjusted EBITDA 119 128 (9) Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial measure, as further discussed below. 
 
 Net Sales, Cost of Sales and Gross Margin 
 (In millions) Net Sales Cost of Sales Gross Margin Three months ended September 30, 2023 1,014 (871) 143 Volume, mix, and net new business 20 (16) 4 Currency (11) 1 (10) Customer pricing (31) (31) Engineering costs, net 5 5 Cost performance, design changes and other (12) 32 20 Three months ended September 30, 2024 980 (849) 131 Excludes the impact of currency. 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 980 million, representing a decrease of 34 million compared with the same period of 2023. Volumes and net new business increased net sales by 20 million due to market outperformance as a result of recent product launches partially offset by lower customer vehicle production volumes. Customer pricing decreased net sales by 31 million as a result of lower customer recoveries due to improving supply chain dynamics and annual price reductions. Currency decreased net sales by 11 million, primarily attributable to the Brazilian real. Cost performance, design changes and other decreased net sales by 12 million, which includes a decrease to net sales due to the non-recurrence of certain prior period one time commercial items. 
 
 Cost of sales decreased by 22 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. Volume, mix and net new business increased cost of sales by 16 million. Net engineering costs, excluding currency, decreased cost of sales by 5 million. Foreign currency decreased cost of sales by 1 million, primarily attributable to the Mexican peso and Brazilian real, partially offset by the euro. Cost performance, design changes, and other decreased cost of sales by 32 million primarily due to improving supply chain dynamics and manufacturing efficiencies. 
 27 

A summary of net engineering costs is shown below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Gross engineering costs (80) (79) Engineering recoveries 33 25 Engineering costs, net (47) (54) 
 
 Gross engineering costs relate to forward model program development and advanced engineering activities and exclude contractually reimbursable engineering costs. Net engineering costs of 47 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, including the impacts of currency, were 7 million lower than the same period of 2023. This decrease is primarily related to higher recoveries during 2024 compared to the prior period. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 51 million and 52 million, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to lower amortization expense compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Restructuring, net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 28 million of net restructuring expense primarily related to employee severance. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred less than 1 million of net restructuring expense. 
 
 Interest, Net 
 
 Interest, net, for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was zero and expense of 1 million, respectively. The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to higher interest income on cash balances. 
 Equity in Net Income of Non-Consolidated Affiliates 
 
 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates was a loss of 3 million and 1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The loss for both periods is primarily due to operating losses at an affiliate. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income, net was 2 million for the three month period ending September 30, 2024 and was primarily due to net pension financing benefits partially offset by costs related to the German Acquisition. 
 
 Other income, net was 3 million for the three month period ending September 30, 2023 and was primarily due to net pension financing benefits. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's provision for income taxes of 11 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 represents a decrease of 10 million compared with 21 million in the same period of 2023. The decrease in tax expense is attributable to the reassessment of the German valuation allowance resulting in a 7 million valuation allowance release during the third quarter of 2024, primarily in connection with the German Acquisition, and the overall decrease in net income, including changes in the mix of earnings and differing tax rates between jurisdictions. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income attributable to the Company adjusted to eliminate the impact of depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expense, provision for income taxes, net interest expense, net income attributable to non-controlling interests, restructuring expense, equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates, and other gains and losses not reflective of the Company's ongoing operations. 
 
 28 

Adjusted EBITDA is presented as a supplemental measure of the Company's financial performance that management believes is useful to investors because the excluded items may vary significantly in timing or amounts and/or may obscure trends useful in evaluating and comparing the Company's operating activities across reporting periods. Not all companies use identical calculations and, accordingly, the Company's presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized term under U.S. GAAP and does not purport to be a substitute for net income as an indicator of operating performance or cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and is not intended to be a measure of cash flow available for management's discretionary use, as it does not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA as a factor in incentive compensation decisions and to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company's business strategies. In addition, the Company's credit agreements use measures similar to Adjusted EBITDA to measure compliance with certain covenants. 
 
 The reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to Visteon to Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Change Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 39 66 (27) Depreciation and amortization 25 24 1 Non-cash, stock-based compensation expense 10 9 1 Provision for income taxes 11 21 (10) Restructuring, net 28 28 Interest expense, net 1 (1) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 1 5 (4) Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates 3 1 2 Other 2 1 1 Adjusted EBITDA 119 128 (9) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 119 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 9 million when compared to 128 million for the same period of 2023. Volume and new business increased Adjusted EBITDA by 4 million due to market outperformance as a result of recent product launches partially offset by lower customer vehicle production volumes. Foreign currency decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 10 million primarily attributable to the Brazilian real and euro, partially offset by the Mexican peso. Net engineering costs, excluding currency, increased Adjusted EBITDA by 5 million. Cost performance, design changes and other decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 8 million, primarily related to pricing and the non-recurrence of certain prior period one time commercial items, partially offset by operational efficiencies. 
 29 

Results of Operations - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The Company's consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Change Net sales 2,927 2,964 (37) Cost of sales (2,530) (2,607) 77 Gross margin 397 357 40 Selling, general and administrative expenses (152) (156) 4 Restructuring, net (31) (2) (29) Interest, net (7) 7 Equity in net income (loss) of non-consolidated affiliates (7) (8) 1 Other income (expense), net 7 (4) 11 Provision for income taxes (55) (48) (7) Net income (loss) 159 132 27 Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (7) (12) 5 Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 152 120 32 Adjusted EBITDA 357 317 40 Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial measure, as further discussed below. 
 
 Net Sales, Cost of Sales and Gross Margin 
 (In millions) Net Sales Cost of Sales Gross Margin Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2,964 (2,607) 357 Volume, mix, and net new business 132 (104) 28 Currency (30) 13 (17) Customer pricing (103) (103) Engineering costs, net 13 13 Cost performance, design changes and other (36) 155 119 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2,927 (2,530) 397 Excludes the impact of currency. 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 2,927 million, representing a decrease of 37 million compared with the same period of 2023. Volumes and net new business increased net sales by 132 million due to market outperformance as a result of recent product launches partially offset by lower customer vehicle production volumes. Customer pricing decreased net sales by 103 million as a result of lower customer recoveries due to improving supply chain dynamics and annual price reductions. Currency decreased net sales by 30 million primarily attributable to the Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen and Brazilian Real. Other cost performance, design changes and other including the non-recurrence of certain prior period one time commercial items decreased net sales by 36 million. 
 
 Cost of sales decreased by 77 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. Volume, mix, and net new business increased cost of sales by 104 million. Net engineering costs, excluding currency, decreased cost of sales by 13 million. Foreign currency decreased cost of sales by 13 million primarily attributable to the Mexican peso, Chinese renminbi and Japanese yen, partially offset by the euro. Cost performance, design changes and other decreased cost of sales by 155 million primarily due to improving supply chain dynamics, manufacturing efficiencies and the non-recurrence of certain prior period one time items. 
 30 

A summary of net engineering costs is shown below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Gross engineering costs (244) (253) Engineering recoveries 87 81 Engineering costs, net (157) (172) 
 
 Gross engineering costs relate to forward model program development and advanced engineering activities and exclude contractually reimbursable engineering costs. Net engineering costs of 157 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including the impacts of currency, were 15 million lower than the same period of 2023. This decrease is primarily related to lower project costs and higher recoveries during 2024 compared to the prior period. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 152 million and 156 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to reduced bad debt expense and lower amortization expense. 
 
 Restructuring, net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 31 million and 2 million, respectively, of net restructuring expense, primarily related to employee severance. 
 
 Interest, Net 
 
 Interest, net, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was zero and expense of 7 million, respectively. The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to higher interest income on cash balances. 
 Equity in Net Income of Non-Consolidated Affiliates 
 
 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates was a loss of 7 million and 8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The loss for both periods is primarily due to operating losses at an affiliate. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income, net was 7 million for the nine month period ending September 30, 2024 was primarily due to net pension financing benefits partially offset by costs related to the German Acquisition. 
 
 Other expense, net was 4 million for the nine month period ending September 30, 2023 due to the 2023 Van Buren litigation settlement partially offset by net pension financing benefits. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's provision for income taxes of 55 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 represents an increase of 7 million compared with 48 million in the same period of 2023. The increase in tax expense is primarily attributable to the overall increase in net income, including changes in the mix of earnings and differing tax rates between jurisdictions. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in tax expense attributable to a reassessment of the German valuation allowance resulting in a 7 million valuation allowance release during the third quarter of 2024, primarily in connection with the German Acquisition, and a 2 million year-over-year decrease related to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income attributable to the Company adjusted to eliminate the impact of depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expense, provision for income taxes, net interest expense, net income attributable to non-controlling interests, restructuring expense, equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates, and other gains and losses not reflective of the Company's ongoing operations. 

31 

Adjusted EBITDA is presented as a supplemental measure of the Company's financial performance that management believes is useful to investors because the excluded items may vary significantly in timing or amounts and/or may obscure trends useful in evaluating and comparing the Company's operating activities across reporting periods. Not all companies use identical calculations and, accordingly, the Company's presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized term under U.S. GAAP and does not purport to be a substitute for net income as an indicator of operating performance or cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and is not intended to be a measure of cash flow available for management's discretionary use, as it does not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments, and debt service requirements. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA as a factor in incentive compensation decisions and to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company's business strategies. In addition, the Company's credit agreements use measures similar to Adjusted EBITDA to measure compliance with certain covenants. 
 
 The reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to Visteon to Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Change Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 152 120 32 Depreciation and amortization 71 79 (8) Provision for income taxes 55 48 7 Non-cash, stock-based compensation expense 31 26 5 Interest, net 7 (7) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 7 12 (5) Restructuring, net 31 2 29 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates 7 8 (1) Other 3 15 (12) Adjusted EBITDA 357 317 40 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 357 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 40 million when compared to 317 million for the same period of 2023. Volume and new business increased Adjusted EBITDA by 28 million due to market outperformance as a result of recent product launches partially offset by lower customer vehicle production volumes. Foreign currency decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 17 million primarily attributable to the Brazilian Real, Chinese renminbi and Japanese yen, partially offset by the Mexican peso. Net engineering costs, excluding currency, increased Adjusted EBITDA by 13 million. Cost performance, design changes and other decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 16 million, primarily related to pricing, partially offset by operational efficiencies. 

Liquidity 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, existing cash balances, and borrowings under available credit facilities. The Company's intra-year needs are normally impacted by seasonal effects in the industry, such as mid-year shutdowns, the ramp-up of new model production, and year-end shutdowns at key customers. 
 
 A substantial portion of the Company's cash flows from operations are generated by operations located outside of the United States. Accordingly, the Company utilizes a combination of cash repatriation strategies, including dividends and distributions, royalties, and other intercompany arrangements to provide the funds necessary to meet obligations globally. The Company s ability to access funds from its subsidiaries is subject to, among other things, customary regulatory and statutory requirements and contractual arrangements including joint venture agreements and local credit facilities. Moreover, repatriation efforts may be modified by the Company according to prevailing circumstances. 
 
 Access to additional capital through the debt or equity markets is influenced by the Company's credit ratings. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s corporate credit rating is BB by Standard Poor s. See Note 9, "Debt" for a comprehensive discussion of the Company's debt facilities. Incremental funding requirements of the Company's consolidated foreign entities are primarily accommodated by intercompany cash pooling structures. Affiliate working capital lines, which may be utilized by the Company's local subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures, had availability of 152 million and the Company had 400 million of available credit under the revolving credit facility, as of September 30, 2024. 
 32 

Cash Balances 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had total cash and cash equivalents of 553 million, including 3 million of restricted cash. Cash balances totaling 436 million were located in jurisdictions outside of the United States, of which approximately 25 million is considered permanently reinvested for funding ongoing operations outside of the U.S. If such permanently reinvested funds were repatriated to the U.S., no U.S. federal taxes would be imposed on the distribution of such foreign earnings due to U.S. tax reform enacted in December 2017. However, the Company would be required to accrue additional tax expense primarily related to foreign withholding taxes. 
 
 Other Items Affecting Liquidity 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash contributions to the Company's defined benefit plans was 7 million related to its U.S. plans and 5 million related to its non-U.S. plans. The Company estimates that total cash contributions related to its U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans during 2024 will be 9 million and 7 million, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid 7 million related to restructuring activities. Additional discussion regarding the Company's restructuring activities is included in Note 4, "Restructuring." The Company estimates that total cash restructuring payments through 2025 will approximate 20 million. 
 
 The Company committed to make a 20 million investment in two entities managed by venture capital firms principally focused on the automotive sector pursuant to limited partnership agreements. As of September 30, 2024, the Company contributed 13 million toward the aggregate investment commitments. As a limited partner in each entity, the Company will periodically make capital contributions toward this total commitment amount. 
 
 The Company may be required to make significant cash outlays related to its unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, that would be expected to result in a cash outlay of 15 million. Given the number of years, jurisdictions and positions subject to examination, the Company is unable to estimate the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. 
 
 On March 2, 2023 the Company's board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of 300 million of common stock through December 31, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has purchased 953,840 shares at an average price of 132.01. 
 
 33 

Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 The Company generated 224 million of cash inflows from operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an improvement of 55 million as compared to prior year. The increase in cash from operations during 2024 is primarily attributable to higher Adjusted EBITDA, the timing of certain non-income based tax payments and higher cash interest income, partially offset by an increase in working capital. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 148 million, representing 68 million of increased usage as compared to the same period in 2023. This increase in cash used by investing activities is primarily due to the German Acquisition, net of cash acquired, of 48 million and increased capital expenditures of 14 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 40 million, representing a 79 million decrease as compared to the same period in 2023. This decrease is primarily attributable to higher cash outflows during 2023 related to dividends paid to non-controlling interest of 27 million and higher share repurchases as compared to 2024 of 56 million. 

Debt and Capital Structure 
 See Note 9, Debt to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1. 

Fair Value Measurements 
 See Note 14, Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained or incorporated in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q which are not statements of historical fact constitute Forward- Looking Statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Reform Act ). Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events. Words such as anticipate , expect , intend , plan , believe , seek , estimate and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with discussions of future operating or financial performance signify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and estimates, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent the Company s estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. The Company does not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statement is made and qualifies all of its forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

34 

You should understand that various factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this document, could affect the Company s future results and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements, including: 
 
 Significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from Visteon s suppliers including, but not limited to semiconductors and those components from suppliers who are sole or primary sources. 
 Continued and future impacts of the geopolitical conflicts and related supply chain disruptions, including but not limited to the conflicts in the middle east, Russia and East Asia and the possible imposition of sanctions. 
 Failure of the Company s joint venture partners to comply with contractual obligations or to exert undue influence in China. 
 Significant changes in the competitive environment in the major markets where Visteon procures materials, components, or supplies or where its products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. 
 Visteon s ability to satisfy its future capital and liquidity requirements; Visteon s ability to access the credit and capital markets at the times and in the amounts needed and on terms acceptable to Visteon; Visteon s ability to comply with covenants applicable to it; and the continuation of acceptable customer and supplier payment terms. 
 Visteon's ability to avoid or continue to operate during a strike, or partial work stoppage or slow down at any of Visteon's principal customers 
 Visteon s ability to access funds generated by its foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures on a timely and cost-effective basis. 
 Changes in the operations (including products, product planning, and part sourcing), financial condition, results of operations, or market share of Visteon s customers. 
 Changes in vehicle production volume of Visteon s customers in the markets where it operates. 
 Increases in commodity costs and the Company's ability to offset or recover these costs or disruptions in the supply of commodities, including resins, copper, fuel, and natural gas. 
 Visteon s ability to generate cost savings to offset or exceed agreed-upon price reductions or price reductions to win additional business and, in general, improve its operating performance; to achieve the benefits of its restructuring actions; and to recover engineering and tooling costs and capital investments. 
 Visteon s ability to compete favorably with automotive parts suppliers with lower cost structures and greater ability to rationalize operations; and to exit non-performing businesses on satisfactory terms, particularly due to limited flexibility under existing labor agreements. 
 Restrictions in labor contracts with unions that restrict Visteon s ability to close plants, divest unprofitable, noncompetitive businesses, change local work rules and practices at a number of facilities, and implement cost-saving measures. 
 The costs and timing of facility closures or dispositions, business or product realignments, or similar restructuring actions, including potential asset impairment or other charges related to the implementation of these actions or other adverse industry conditions and contingent liabilities. 
 Legal and administrative proceedings, investigations, and claims, including shareholder class actions, inquiries by regulatory agencies, product liability, warranty, employee-related, environmental and safety claims, and any recalls of products manufactured or sold by Visteon. 
 Changes in economic conditions, currency exchange rates, interest rates, changes in foreign laws, regulations or trade policies, or political stability in foreign countries where Visteon procures materials, components, or supplies or where its products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. 
 Shortages of materials or interruptions in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, or other interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor in the major markets where Visteon purchases materials, components, or supplies to manufacture its products or where its products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. 
 Visteon s ability to satisfy its pension and other postretirement employee benefit obligations, and to retire outstanding debt and satisfy other contractual commitments, all at the levels and times planned by management. 
 35 

Changes in laws, regulations, policies or other activities of governments, agencies and similar organizations, domestic and foreign, that may tax or otherwise increase the cost of, or otherwise affect, the manufacture, licensing, distribution, sale, ownership, or use of Visteon s products or assets. 
 Possible terrorist attacks or acts of war, which could exacerbate other risks such as slowed vehicle production, interruptions in the transportation system, changes in fuel prices, and disruptions of supply. 
 The cyclical and seasonal nature of the automotive industry. 
 Visteon s ability to comply with environmental, safety, and other regulations applicable to it and any increase in the requirements, responsibilities, and associated expenses and expenditures of these regulations. 
 Disruptions in information technology systems including, but not limited to, system failure, cyber-attack, malicious computer software (malware including ransomware), unauthorized physical or electronic access, or other natural or man-made incidents or disasters. 
 Visteon s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and to respond to changes in technology and technological risks and to claims by others that Visteon infringes their intellectual property rights. 
 Visteon s ability to quickly and adequately remediate control deficiencies in its internal control over financial reporting. 
 Other factors, risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in Visteon s Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 
 
 36 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The primary market risks to which the Company is exposed include changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and certain commodity prices. The Company manages these risks through operating actions including fixed price contracts with suppliers and cost sourcing arrangements with customers and through various derivative instruments. The Company's use of derivative instruments is strictly intended for hedging purposes to mitigate market risks pursuant to written risk management policies. Accordingly, derivative instruments are not used for speculative or trading purposes. The Company's use of derivative instruments creates exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the counter-party to the derivative financial instruments. The Company limits this exposure by entering into agreements directly with a variety of major financial institutions with high credit standards and that are expected to fully satisfy their obligations under the contracts. Additionally, the Company's ability to utilize derivatives to manage market risk is dependent on credit conditions, market conditions, and prevailing economic environment. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The Company s net cash inflows and outflows exposed to the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates arise from the sale of products in countries other than the manufacturing source, foreign currency denominated supplier payments, debt and other payables, subsidiary dividends, investments in subsidiaries, and anticipated foreign currency denominated transaction proceeds. The Company may utilize derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency exchange rate risks. Forward and option contracts may be utilized to reduce the impact to the Company's cash flow from adverse movements in exchange rates. Foreign currency exposures are reviewed periodically, and any natural offsets are considered prior to entering into a derivative financial instrument. 
 
 In addition to the transactional exposure described above, the Company's operating results are impacted by the translation of its foreign operating income into U.S. dollars. The Company does not enter into currency exchange rate contracts to mitigate this exposure. 
 The hypothetical pre-tax gain or loss in fair value from a 10 favorable or adverse change in quoted currency exchange rates would be 22 million and 21 million for currency derivative financial instruments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These estimated changes assume a parallel shift in all currency exchange rates and include the gain or loss on financial instruments used to hedge investments in subsidiaries. Because exchange rates typically do not all move in the same direction, the estimate may overstate the impact of changing exchange rates on the net fair value of the Company's financial derivatives. It is also important to note that gains and losses indicated in the sensitivity analysis would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying exposures being hedged. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 See Note 14, "Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments" to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 for additional information. 
 Commodity Risk 
 The Company's exposures to market risk from changes in the price of production material are managed primarily through negotiations with suppliers and customers, although there can be no assurance that the Company will recover all such costs. The Company continues to evaluate derivatives available in the marketplace and may decide to utilize derivatives in the future to manage select commodity risks if an acceptable hedging instrument is identified for the Company's exposure level at that time, as well as the effectiveness of the financial hedge among other factors. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in periodic reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 37 

As of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

38 

Part II 
 Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See the information above under Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the condensed consolidated financial statements which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 For information regarding factors that could affect the Company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 20, 2024. See also, "Forward-Looking Statements" included in Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 There were no purchases made by or on behalf of the Company, or an affiliated purchaser, of shares of the Company s common stock during the third quarter of 2024. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 The Company's directors and officers (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f)) may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of the Company's shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no such plans or other arrangements were adopted, modified, or terminated. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed on the "Exhibit Index" on Page 40 hereof are filed with this report or incorporated by reference as set forth therein. 
 39 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. Description 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer dated O ctob er 24 , 2024. 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer dated October 24 , 2024. 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer dated October 24 , 2024. 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer dated October 24 , 2024. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Indicates that exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files as Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 
 
 In lieu of filing certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the kind described in Item 601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K, Visteon agrees to furnish a copy of such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Visteon Corporation has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 VISTEON CORPORATION By: /s/ Colleen E. Myers Colleen E. Myers Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date: October 24, 2024 
 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311q3202410xq.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, Sachin S. Lawande, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Visteon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 24, 2024 
 
 s Sachin S. Lawande 
 Sachin S. Lawande 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312q3202410xq.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 

I, Jerome J. Rouquet, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Visteon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 
 s Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Senior Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321q3202410xq.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS.1350 
 AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 and Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), I, the undersigned President and Chief Executive Officer of Visteon Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

_ s Sachin S. Lawande __ 
 Sachin S. Lawande 
 
 October 24, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-322q3202410xq.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS.1350 
 AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 and Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), I, the undersigned Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Visteon Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

_ s Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Jerome J. Rouquet 
 
 October 24, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

