<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1506929_0001640334-24-001765.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7709298</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108567</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1331364</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1825740</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1656692</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2575571</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-24-001765.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119171233
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-24-001765
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERDE RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				272448672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55276
		FILM NUMBER:		241477242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8112 MARYLAND AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(314) 530-9071

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8112 MARYLAND AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-24-001765.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 vrdr_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

vrdr_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one). Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of the issuer s common stock, par value 0.001, outstanding. VERDE RESOURCES, INC. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 4 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 5 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 12 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 12 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 13 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 13 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 13 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 13 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 13 Item 5. Other Information. 13 Item 6. Exhibits. 14 SIGNATURES 15 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Company. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements appear in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, and its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s financial condition or results of operations for its limited history; (ii) the Company s business and growth strategies; and, (iii) the Company s financing plans. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company s limited operating history, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change and competition. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to our filings with the SEC under the Exchange Act and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including our Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 3 Table of Contents PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Item Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01(c) Interim Financial Statements, and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and stockholders equity in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and financial position have been included and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. Operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024, are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the year ended June 30, 2025. VERDE RESOURCES, INC. INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Page Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 202 4 (audited) F-1 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-2 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F-4 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements F-5 4 Table of Contents VERDE RESOURCES, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Deposit with banks Accounts receivable Inventories Amount due from related party Prepaid share-based compensation Prepayments Other receivables and deposits 4,423,466 2,889,165 Assets held for sale Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Right of use assets, net Intangible assets Security deposit Total non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILTIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Other payables Deposit and accrued liabilities Finance lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities- assets held for sale Operating lease liability Bank loan Promissory notes to related party Amount due to a director Amount due to related parties Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liability Total non-current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 Common stock, 0.001 par value, and shares to be issued as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 Common stock, 0.001 par value; shares to be cancelled as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. F-1 Table of Contents VERDE RESOURCES, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) Three Months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue, net Cost of revenue Gross profit (loss) Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating expenses Total operating expenses LOSS FROM OPERATION Other (expense) income : Interest expense Rental income Gain from insurance claims Unrealised foreign exchange gain Other income Total other income (expense), net PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income tax expense NET PROFIT (LOSS) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency adjustment loss COMPREHENSIVE PROFIT (LOSS) Net loss per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents VERDE RESOURCES, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) Three Months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net profit (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Amortization Stock-based compensation-consultants Stock-based compensation-employee Finance cost interest element of promissory notes (non-cash) Lease interest expense Deposit paid for acquisition of subsidiaries written off Impairment on trade receivables Impairment on other receivables Unrealised foreign exchange gain Gain from insurance claim Gain from disposal of asset held for sale Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Other receivables, deposits and prepayments Inventories Accounts payables Accrued liabilities and other payables Advanced from director Advanced from/to related parties Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from disposal of assets held for sale Proceeds from insurance recoveries Withdrawal of deposit with bank Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments to lease liabilities Repayment of bank loan Lease interest paid Advanced from related parties Advanced from other payables Proceeds from common stock and common stock to be issued Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Foreign currency translation adjustment Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents VERDE RESOURCES, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) Common stock Common stock Common stock Additional Accumulated other comprehensive Total No. of shares Amount to be issued to be cancelled paid-in capital (loss) income Accumulated losses stockholders equity Balance as of July 1, 2024 Share issued for private placement Share issued for previously committed private placement - Share issued to service provider Share previously committed issued to service provider - Share previously committed issued to employee - Share issued to employee Share issued arising from conversion of promissory notes Share to be issued for private placement Net profit for the period - Foreign currency translation adjustment - Balance as of September 30, 2024 Balance as of July 1, 2023 Share to be issued for private placement Common stock subject to forfeiture Net loss for the period - Foreign currency translation adjustment - Balance as of September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents VERDE RESOURCES, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) Verde Resources (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Verde Malaysia Verde Renewables, Inc. VRI Verde Life Inc. VLI The Wision Project Sdn Bhd Wision Verde Estates LLC VEL Bio Resources Limited BRL The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as (the Company ). Subsequent to year end, on October 16, 2024, a new subsidiary, VerdePlus, Inc was incorporated in the State of Missouri, USA with an equity interest of 55 . F-5 Table of Contents Use of Estimates and Assumptions Basis of Consolidation Segment Reporting Concentrations of Credit Risk Risks and Uncertainties F-6 Table of Contents and in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash consisted of bank deposits, petty cash on hands and restricted cash pledged for loan facility Deposits with bank per annum and to days respectively. Accounts Receivable . At September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, the allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable amounted to and respectively, and for other receivables amounted to and respectively. Expected Credit Loss Inventories and respectively, and inventories written off amounted to and respectively. Property, Plant and Equipment - years Plant and machinery - years Office equipment years Computers years Motor vehicles years Furniture and fittings years Renovation years Expenditures for maintenance and repairs, which do not materially extend the useful lives of the assets, are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterment which substantially extend the useful life of assets are capitalized. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets retired or sold are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is recognized in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income in other income or expenses. Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled and , respectively. F-7 Table of Contents Assets held for sale Impairment of Long-lived Assets Revenue Recognition Cost of revenue F-8 Table of Contents Income Taxes Uncertain Tax Positions F-9 Table of Contents Average period MYR:US exchange rate Comprehensive Income Net Loss per Share Stock Based Compensation and , respectively. Share based compensation for employees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were of and , respectively. Retirement Plan Costs F-10 Table of Contents Commitments and Contingencies Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-11 Table of Contents F-12 Table of Contents as of September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months depends on the successful validation and certification of its Net Zero road construction blueprint by the National Center for Asphalt Technology (NCAT) and its adherence to established carbon removal and avoidance methodologies. Achieving these milestones will enable the Company to generate revenue through the commercial licensing of the blueprint, royalties from biochar-asphalt mix designs, carbon credits, and sales of biochar and bio-fuel. On August 8th, CRH, the largest building materials company in North America and Europe, listed on both the NYSE and the London Stock Exchange, announced through its investment arm, CRH Ventures, that it has selected the Company to scale up its biochar-asphalt technology for commercialization. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its plans described above. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. F-13 Table of Contents Cost of revenue Gross profit Selling, general administrative expenses Other operating expenses Loss from operations Interest expense Rental income Gain from insurance claims Unrealised foreign exchange gain Other income (Loss) Profit before income tax Income tax Net (loss) profit Total assets at September 30, 2024 Cost of revenue Gross (loss) profit Selling, general administrative expenses Loss from operations Interest expense Other income Rental income (Loss) Profit before income tax Income tax Net (loss) profit Total assets at September 30, 2023 The below revenues are based on the countries in which the customer is located. Summarized financial information concerning the geographic segments is shown in the following tables: United States of America F-14 Table of Contents Restricted cash Restricted cash represent cash pledged to a financial institution for facilities granted as disclosed in Note 12. Trading goods Trading goods represent bio asphalt products purchased from an external supplier. Other receivables Less: impairment on other receivables Other receivables and deposits, net Prepayments Prepaid share-based compensation Plant and machinery Office equipment Computers Motor vehicles Furniture and fittings Renovation Less: accumulated depreciation Less: accumulated impairment Less: transfer to assets held for sale Less: written off Foreign exchange adjustment Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled and , respectively. Land and building with the net carrying value of as of September 30, 2024, as of June 30, 2024) was pledged to a financial institution for facilities granted. Plant and machinery and motor vehicles with carrying values of and as of September 30, 2024 and as of June 30, 2024) are acquired under financing arrangements. F-15 Table of Contents known as Catalytic Biofraction Process , whereby, subsidiary Bio Resources Limited BRL is the beneficial and/or registered proprietor and (ii) an exclusive license assigned to Verde Malaysia for the operation of the IP in the state of Sabah, Malaysia of MYR 14,000,000 ). The Catalytic Biofraction Process is a slow pyrolysis process using a proprietary catalyst to depolymerize palm biomass wastes (empty fruit bunches or palm kernel shells) in temperature range of 350 degrees Celsius to 500 degrees Celsius to yield commercially valuable bio products: bio-oil, wood vinegar (pyroligneous acid), biochar and bio-syngas. The intellectual property is a second-generation pyrolysis process where non-food feedstock like palm biomass wastes is used as feedstock. Upon fulfilling UN s (United Nations) ACM 22 protocol as well as LCA (Life Cycle Assessment) requirements, it is anticipated that the by-products from this IP would lead to certification and issuance of Carbon Avoidance Credits as well as Carbon Removal Credits to generate carbon revenue for the Company. During the annual impairment assessment, a quantitative assessment was conducted, which involved estimating the fair value of the asset using the income approach. The results indicated that the carrying amount of the asset was not impaired, and therefore no impairment loss was recognized for the period. Key assumptions in the quantitative assessment included: Discount Rate : Plant daily capacity : The plant daily capacity is 0.8 MT per hour for the existing plant and 2.5 MT per hour for the additional new plants that will be commissioned. Additional plants : One new biofraction plant with a 3.0 MT/hour production rate will be added every year from FYE2027 up to FYE 2034. Projected Production and Sales : Based on a ten-year forecast. Production and sales volumes are linked to the plants in operation for each year in the forecasted period based on the output yield percentages. Inflation : 2 The use of the estimates in the quantitative assessment are highly judgmental and actual results may differ significantly from what is currently assessed. Accordingly, fluctuations in any of the key attributes may result in a significant change in the projected cash flows underlying the quantitative assessment, which could have a material impact on the assessed values of the Intangible Asset. Motor vehicles Less: disposal On June 27, 2024, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Verde Renewables, Inc. VRI ), a company incorporated in the State of Missouri, U.S.A, entered into a Consignment Contract with ED s Machinery LLC EDM to dispose plant and machinery and motor vehicles with a carrying amount of . The disposal is pending completion as at June 30,2024, and thus the assets have been presented separately in the balance sheets as assets held for sale. The disposal of assets with carrying values totaling was completed as of September 30, 2024, and assets with carrying values totaling was subsequently completed in October 2024. The remaining assets are expected to be disposed by December 2024. Plant and machinery and motor vehicles with carrying values of and and as of June 30, 2024) were acquired under financing arrangements. F-16 Table of Contents On March 2, 2022, the Company, through VRAP, entered into a Commercial Lease Agreement and Option to Purchase Segama Lease Agreement the factory site from Segama Ventures for a lease term of seven ) years Lease Term at a monthly rental of MYR 36,000 ). The rental for the entire Lease Term amounts to the sum of MYR 3,024,000 (the Lease Payment which shall be paid in advance upon commencement of the Segama Lease Agreement together with a payment of security deposit for the sum of MYR 336,000 (the Security Payment ). and is secured by deed of trusts from VRDR, land and building of VEL and a subsidiary who act as guarantor for the performance of debts. The interest on loan is fixed at . per annum. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled and , respectively. Borneo Oil Berhad BOB (#1) Taipan International Limited (#3) Borneo Energy Sdn Bhd (#1) Victoria Capital Sdn Bhd (#4) UnitiMart Sdn Bhd (#1) Makin Teguh Sdn Bhd (#1) J. Ambrose Partners (#5) SB Resorts Sdn Bhd (#2) SB Supplies Logistics Sdn Bhd (#1) Borneo Eco Food Sdn. Bhd. (#1) Amount due from a related party Vetrolysis Limited (#6) Amount due to director Mr. Jack Wong (#7) (#1) Borneo Oil Berhad BOB is the ultimate holding company of Borneo Eco Food Sdn. Bhd., Borneo Energy Sdn. Bhd., SB Supplies Logistic Sdn. Bhd. and UnitiMart Sdn. Bhd., and held of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock as of September 30, 2024. Makin Teguh Sdn Bhd is an associate of BOB. The advances are related to ordinary business transactions and bear no interest or collateral, and are repayable on demand. (#2) SB Resorts Sdn. Bhd. and Borneo Oil Corporation Sdn. Bhd. BOC are wholly owned subsidiaries of Borneo Oil Berhad BOB (holding of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock as of September 30, 2024). The advances are related to ordinary business transactions and bear no interest or collateral, repayable and renewable under normal business advancement terms. (#3) Taipan International Limited is one of the shareholders of the Company and held of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock as of September 30, 2024. The advances are related to ordinary business transactions and bear no interest or collateral, and are repayable on demand. (#4) Victoria Capital Sdn. Bhd. is one of the shareholders of the Company, and held of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock as of September 30, 2024. The advances are related to ordinary business transactions and bear no interest or collateral, and are repayable on demand. F-17 Table of Contents of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock as of September 30, 2024. He is also a substantial shareholder of BOB. The advances are related to ordinary business transactions and bear no interest or collateral, and are repayable on demand. (#6) Encik Anuar bin Ismail, an indirect significant shareholder, is a director of Vetrolysis Limited. (#7) Mr. Jack Wong is the Chief Executive of the Company effective October 1, 2022. Further, Jack Wong was re-elected Director of the Company by Waiver and Consent of Shareholders, effective March 30, 2024. The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of promissory notes payable using Level 3 inputs: Interest expense Converted to Company s restricted Common Stock Balance at the end of period or year On March 13, 2023, the Company and its former indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Champmark Sdn Bhd ("CSB") entered into a Settlement of Debts Agreement (the SDA Agreement for the settlement in full of CSB s account payable to a related party, Borneo Oil Corporation Sdn Bhd BOC by way of the issuance on March 13, 2023, of a two year term Promissory Notes with the face value (principal) amount of , and bearing coupon interest. The Note was repayable by May 12, 2025, either in cash or by the issuance of the Company s restricted Common Stock priced at per share at the discretion of the holder of the Promissory Note. The fair value of the Promissory Note of was calculated using the net present value of estimated future cash flows with the assumptions of risk free rate at , credit spread of and liquidity risk premium of . On August 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Supplementary Agreement to the SDA Agreement and Promissory Note with the Creditor to convert the total amount of into shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at the agreed conversion price of per share for issuance on August 16, 2024. A total of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock were issued on August 16, 2024, to Borneo Oil Berhad, the appointed nominee of the Creditor, to settle in full the total of USD of CSB s account payable to the Creditor. The Company recorded accretion of liability on promissory notes of and and presented as interest expense on promissory notes for the period ended September 30, 2024, and year ended June 30, 2024, respectively. Interest on promissory note at were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. as weighted average incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The weighted average remaining life of the lease was years ending September 30, 2025. F-18 Table of Contents Right-of-use asset (#2) Total RoU assets Less: Amortisation Liabilities Current: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities assets held for sale Non-current: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total lease liabilities As of September 30, 2024, right-of-use assets were and lease liabilities were . As of June 30, 2024, right-of-use assets were and lease liabilities were . For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amortization charge on right-of use assets was and , respectively. (#1) This leasing arrangement for the lease of the Segama factory amounting to is for a lease term of seven ) years and included an exclusive right and option to purchase the factory site, together with all its right title and interest, for a consideration to be mutually agreed between the parties at any time during the period of two years from the date of the Lease Agreement ended March 1, 2024. The option was not exercised and has lapsed. There are no corresponding lease liabilities recorded, as the lease payments for the entire lease period have been paid upfront upon inception of the agreement. (#2) This leasing arrangement as stated at fair value above is for the lease of an executive vehicle with a total liability of and for a lease term of three ) years ending September 30, 2025. The lease arrangement includes an option to purchase the said vehicle at an agreed consideration of Purchase Price as stated in the Lease Agreement. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material restrictive covenants. The accretion of lease liability for the three months ending September 30, 2024, and 2023, were and respectively. The Company excludes short-term leases (those with lease terms of less than one year at inception) from the measurement of lease liabilities or right-of-use assets. The following tables summarize the lease expense for the periods. Operating lease cost: Operating lease expense (per ASC 842) Total lease expense F-19 Table of Contents 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum finance lease liabilities payment Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities Representing:- Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Common Shares and preferred shares, both with a par value of per share. Each Common Share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. Preferred stock outstanding There are no Preferred shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024. Common stock outstanding On July 24, 2024, the Company issued restricted Common Shares for at per share to four US shareholders and restricted Common Shares for at per share to twenty US shareholders and one non-US shareholder. On July 31, 2024, the Company issued of the Company s restricted Common Shares each to Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell as part of the compensation package in the Services Agreements that the Company entered into with Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell on April 20, 2024, for the service period from May 1, 2024, to April 30, 2025. On August 8, 2024, the Company issued of the Company s restricted Common Shares to Dale Ludwig as part of the compensation package in the Services Agreement that the Company entered into with Dale Ludwig on June 1, 2024 for the service period from June 1, 2024, to April 30, 2025. On August 9, 2024, the Company issued restricted Common Shares for at per share to one US shareholder and restricted Common Shares for at per share to twenty-three US shareholders and one non-US shareholder. F-20 Table of Contents shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at the price of per share to Borneo Oil Berhad in relation to the Settlement of Debts Agreement (the SDA Agreement and a two-year term period Promissory Note entered into with its former indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Champmark Sdn Bhd CSM and CSM s creditor Borneo Oil Corporation Sdn Bhd (the Creditor to settle in full a total of USD of CSM s account payable. On March 13, 2023, the Company and CSM entered into an SDA Agreement and a two-year term period Promissory Note with the Creditor to settle in full a total of USD of CSM s account payable to the Creditor either in cash or by the issuance of new restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per share. As set out in the SDA Agreement, the new restricted shares for settlement of the account payable to the Creditor shall be issued to the Creditor or its nominee. On August 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Supplementary Agreement to the SDA Agreement and Promissory Note with the Creditor to convert the total amount of into shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at the agreed conversion price of per share for issuance on August 16, 2024. On August 26, 2024, the Company issued restricted Common Shares for at per share to three US shareholders, restricted Common Shares for at per share to six US shareholders and two non-US shareholders. On August 30, 2024, the Company issued of the Company s restricted Common Shares to Jeremy P. Concanon, Chief Growth Officer of the Company, as part of the compensation package in the Services Agreement that the Company entered into with Jeremy P. Concanon on July 31, 2024. On August 30, 2024, the Company issued of the Company s restricted Common Shares to Eric Bava, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, as part of the compensation package in the Employment Agreement that the Company entered into with Eric Bava on October 1, 2023 for his first year of service from October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. On September 16, 2024, the Company issued restricted Common Shares for at per share to one US shareholder and restricted Common Shares for at per share to two US shareholders. On October 16, 2024, the Company issued restricted Common Shares for at per share to three US shareholders. On September 8, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Verde Renewables, Inc. VRI entered into a Service and Stock Cancellation Agreement with EMGTA LLC to cancel the Services Agreement dated December 1, 2022, including the cancellation of restricted Common shares issued at on December 31, 2022, totaling as consideration for certain services. The cancellation is still in process. Not considering the commitment to cancel shares as above, there were and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024. The Company has no stock option plan, warrants, or other dilutive securities issued as of September 30, 2024. As of June 30, 2024, and Common Stocks committed to be issued to non employees and an employee respectively. F-21 Table of Contents - Foreign, including British Virgin Island Malaysia Labuan, Malaysia Profit (Loss) before income taxes The provision for income taxes consisted of the following: - Foreign Deferred tax - Local - Foreign Income tax expense (benefit) The effective tax rate in the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate. The Company mainly operates in U.S.A. and Malaysia and is subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: United States of America VRDR, VRI and VLI are subject to the tax laws of United States of America. The U.S. corporate income tax rate is effective January 1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were not material to its results of operations for the periods presented. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss NOL carry forwards of as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. Net Operating Losses (NOLs) generated prior to January 1, 2018, are able to be carried forward up to twenty subsequent years. Any NOLs created for tax years subsequent to that may be carried forward indefinitely. However, any NOLs arising from tax years ending after December 31, 2020, can only be used to offset up to 80 of taxable income. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was no operating income under US tax regime. BVI Under the current BVI law, VRAP is not subject to tax on income. Labuan Under the current laws of the Labuan applicable to BRL, income derived from an intellectual property right is subject to tax under the Malaysian Income Tax Act 1967 (ITA) at of its chargeable income. However, BRL is not subject to income tax, given that it was a net loss position during the current period presented. The losses are presently not able to be carried forward to offset against its future operation income as income-generating activities have not yet been undertaken. F-22 Table of Contents on chargeable income. The operation in Malaysia incurred of cumulative net operating losses as of September 30, 2024, which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss are allowed to be carried forward up to a maximum of ten (10) years of assessments under the current tax legislation in Malaysia. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss NOL carry forwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. Statutory income tax rate Income tax expense at statutory rate Non-deductible items Operating losses unable to carried forward Valuation allowance Income tax expense The following table sets forth the significant components of the deferred tax assets of the Company: Malaysia tax regime Less: valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net The Company has recorded valuation allowances for certain tax attribute carry forwards and other deferred tax assets due to uncertainty that exists regarding future realizability. If in the future the Company believes that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax benefits will be realized, the majority of the valuation allowances will be reversed in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. The Company did not have uncertainty tax positions or events leading to uncertainty tax position within the next 12 months. F-23 Table of Contents Professional services provided by: Warisan Khidmat Sdn Bhd (#2) Interest expense payable to: BOC (#3) (#1) Mr. Jack Wong is the Chief Executive of the Company effective October 1, 2022. By Waiver and Consent of Shareholders, Mr. Jack Wong was re-elected Director of the Company, effective March 30, 2024. (#2) Warisan Khidmat Sdn. Bhd. is a company whose shareholdings is entirely held by a Director of Verde Malaysia. (#3) . Apart from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other significant or material related party transactions during the periods presented. F-24 Table of Contents in the segment of production and distribution of renewable commodities. for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, in the segment of production and distribution of renewable commodities. for the three months ended September 30, 2023. (b) Economic and political risk The Company s major operations are conducted in U.S.A. and Malaysia. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in U.S.A. and Malaysia, as well as the general state of U.S.A. and Malaysia s economy, as well as globally, may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, the escalation tensions in the Middle East, including the continuing Russian Ukraine conflict may impact the global economic situation, which indirectly may impact the Company s operations. (c) Exchange rate risk The Company cannot guarantee that the current exchange rate will remain steady; therefore, there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of MYR converted to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. and contributions were made accordingly. shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, par value per share on or before December 31, 2022. The shares were issued on December 31, 2022, for . The fair value of 1,140,000 shares was which calculated based on stock price of per share on December 15, 2022 (date of issuance) and is being amortized over the service period. During the period ended September 30,2024, the Company charged to selling, general and administrative expenses as consulting expenses. F-25 Table of Contents shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, par value per share on or before January 31, 2024. . The fair value of 1,000,000 shares was which calculated based on stock price of per share on January 31, 2024 (date of issuance). and is being amortized over the service period. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company charged to selling, general and administrative expenses as consulting expenses. On April 20, 2024, the Company entered into two Services Agreements (the NIE Agreements with Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell to engage them as National Implementation Experts for its wholly-owned subsidiary Verde Renewables, Inc. VRI to initiate connections with esteemed asphalt contractors, identify potential partners, explore potential collaborations through their extensive networks in the asphalt industry and recommend strategies to capitalize on emerging opportunities as designated in the NIE Agreements. Under the NIE Agreements, the Company will pay Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell each by the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common shares in three tranches of shares each on or before July 31, 2024, October 31, 2025, and October 31, 2026, respectively. . The fair value of first 1,000,000 shares was each, calculated based on stock price of per share on July 31, 2024 (date of issuance), and is being amortized over the respective service period. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company charged a total of to selling, general and administrative expenses as consulting expenses. On June 1, 2024, the Company entered into a multi-year Services Agreement (the Ludwig Agreement with Dale Ludwig to engage him as Strategic Advisor for the Company and all its subsidiaries, to maintain and build strong relationships with policymakers at both state and federal levels, collaborate with Missouri Department of Transportation, build relationships with Missouri Asphalt Pavement Association (MAPA) members, collaborate with Missouri contractors to encourage the use of the Company's technologies, identify current biochar producers in Missouri and engage with the Missouri Department of Economic Development. Pursuant to the Ludwig Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to Dale Ludwig over . Pursuant to the addendum to the Ludwig Agreement dated June 29, 2024, . The fair value of first 700,000 shares was , calculated based on stock price of per share on August 8,2024 (date of issuance) and is being amortized over the service period. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company charged to selling, general and administrative expenses as consulting expenses. The Company agreed to issue of the Company s restricted Common shares to Eric Bava, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, as part of the compensation package in the Bava Employment Agreement upon completing each full year of service. . On August 30, 2024, the Company issued of the Company s restricted Common shares to Eric Bava as part of the compensation package in the Bava Employment Agreement. The fair value of 670,000 shares was which calculated based on stock price of per share on August 30, 2024 (date of issuance), and is being amortized over the service period from October 1, 2023, to September 30, 2024. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company charged to selling, general and administrative expenses as salary expenses. On July 31, 2024, Verde Renewables, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an addendum to employment agreement with Jeremy P. Concannon (Chief Growth Officer CGO of the Company effective from August 1, 2024) (the Concannon Addendum Agreement ). Pursuant to the Concannon addendum Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to Jeremy P. Concannon over three tranches of shares each on or before August 31, 2024, August 31, 2025, and August 31, 2026 respectively. . The fair value of first 1,350,000 shares was , calculated based on stock price of per share on August 30,2024 (date of issuance), and is being amortized over the service period. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company charged to selling, general and administrative expenses as salary expenses. The Company agreed to issue 25,000 of the Company s restricted Common Shares to Hannah Bruehl, Executive Assistant to C-Suite Executives of the Company for service period from September 3, 2024 to September 2, 2025, as part of the compensation package in the Letter of Offer signed on August 20, 2024. F-26 Table of Contents Raymond Powell Dale Ludwig Raymond Powell Dale Ludwig b) commitment to cancel restricted common shares pursuant to the Service Agreement signed and Service and Stock Cancellation Agreement with EMGTA LLC as disclosed in Note 16. c) Quarterly committed payments, to be paid in titled Structural Capacity of Sustainable Pavement pursuant to an agreement entered with The National Center for Asphalt Technology at Auburn University ("NCAT") on June 27, 2024. d) commitment to issue restricted Common Shares, comprising of restricted Common Shares at per share to three US shareholders. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has no material contingencies. restricted Common Shares for at per share to three US shareholders. On October 16, 2024, the Company formed a new subsidiary, VerdePlus Inc. VerdePlus ), a Missouri corporation in partnership with Nature Plus Inc. NPI for the purpose of conducting business on the production of low-carbon building materials by integrating the Company s expertise with the innovative stabilization enzyme TerraZyme, an intellectual property of NPI to be injected into VerdePlus. The Company and NPI owned 55 and 45 of VerdePlus, respectively. On October 18, 2024, the Company entered into a binding Term Sheet with C-Twelve Pty Ltd C-Twelve ), a corporation incorporated in Western Australia, granting the Company (i) an exclusive license to utilize its proprietary binder and biochar asphalt mixed designs (the "Licensed Technology") for the production and commercialization of asphalt surfacing-related products (the "End Products") within the United States of America and (ii) the first right of refusal to extend the exclusive licensing of the Licensed Technology to other countries and territories subject to terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon. The Company shall commit to producing a minimum quantity of End Products each year, as defined in the definitive agreement (the "Minimum Production Amount"). The specific Minimum Production Amount will be stipulated in an appendix or exhibit to the final licensing agreement. The Company shall pay C-Twelve royalties based on the Minimum Production Amount, at a rate mutually agreed upon by both parties and specified in the definitive agreement. Should the Company fail to meet the Minimum Production Amount in any given year, it shall remain obligated to pay royalties based on the agreed-upon minimum production levels. In the event that production exceeds the Minimum Production Amount, additional royalties shall be payable for the excess production, calculated at the same royalty rate or as otherwise mutually agreed in the definitive agreement. Both parties will mutually agree on a Carbon Credit percentage allowance for C-Twelve. C-Twelve shall grant the Company the right to file, prosecute, and maintain United States patent applications incorporating C-Twelve s Intellectual Property (IP), subject to C-Twelve s final review and approval before submission. All such patents will be filed and maintained under the Verde brand name. The Company shall reserve the right to market and sell End Products under its own brand names, with C-Twelve being referenced, as well as C-Twelve having the right to market the Company s activities under the definitive agreement. C-Twelve shall also collaborate with the Company on a joint installation of its proprietary technology that will take place on the Company s designated cross-section at the National Center for Asphalt Technology (NCAT) Test Track in Opelika, Alabama, with a target completion between December 16 20, 2024. The Term Sheet shall commence on October 18, 2024, and shall remain in effect until February 28, 2025, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the agreed provisions, including the execution of a definitive agreement by both parties on or before February 28, 2025. The Term Sheet may be extended or renewed upon the mutual written agreement of both parties. Upon the execution of the definitive agreement, the Company shall pay a sign-on fee of USD and issue restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to C-Twelve. F-27 Table of Contents F-28 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words expects, anticipates, intends, believes and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed herein as well as in the Description of Business Risk Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on October 16, 2024. You should carefully review the risks described in our Annual Report and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. All references in this Form 10-Q to the Company, Verde Resources, we, us, or our are to Verde Resources, Inc. Overview Verde Resources, Inc. (the Company or VRDR was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 22, 2010. The Company is a leader in Net Zero road construction and building materials, driving innovations that enhance sustainability and advance environmental stewardship. By integrating biochar, a highly effective carbon sequester and performance enhancer, the Company facilitates the industry s seamless Transition to Zero. This approach reduces GHG emissions, optimizes the use of native soils and recycled materials, speeds installation, and improves efficiency while cutting costs. Since 2021, the Company s BioFraction facility in Borneo has been converting palm waste into biochar and other sustainable byproducts. Although operations in Borneo, Malaysia, experienced a temporary slowdown during the financial year, this is due to the strategic focus on a test track partnership between its US-based subsidiary, Verde Renewables Inc., and the National Center for Asphalt Technology (NCAT). This partnership is rigorously testing the Company s innovative Biochar-Asphalt technology, which is intended to provide superior performance, environmental sustainability, and the generation of Carbon Removal and Avoidance Credits. Once this potentially groundbreaking, eco-friendly solution is certified at the highest industry standards, the same blueprint will be introduced in Malaysia. Ongoing discussions with PLUS Malaysia, the country s largest highway operator, signal a growing demand for biochar in the region. This demand, coupled with the certification, should enable the BioFraction plant to secure a reliable client, ensuring the resumption of normal operations in Malaysia with the potential for significant scale-up over time. The Company has undergone a restructuring exercise to shift its focus towards renewable energy and sustainable development with the world faced with challenges of climate change and environmental dehydration. The Company has announced the disposition of the mining business through the sale of the entire issued and paid-up share capital of Champmark Sdn Bhd CSB on March 13, 2023. The disposition of CSB was completed on April 20, 2023. The Company has also discontinued its distribution of THC-free cannabinoid (CBD) products following the expiration of its supply agreement with MRX Xtractors, LLC on July 6, 2024. In line with this transition, the Company has made a strategic decision to fully divest from the Cannabis and CBD industry, similar to its previous divestment from mining operations in Malaysia, to concentrate solely on advancing its sustainability agenda. The Company conducts business operations in St Louis, Missouri, U.S.A., through Verde Renewables, Inc. VRI ), a company incorporated in the State of Missouri, U.S.A., and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Verde Estates, LLC VEL ), a Missouri limited liability company. Puro.earth, the crediting platform for durable carbon removal, has officially registered the Company as a Carbon Removal Credit supplier as part of its Accelerate program. This partnership was formalized through a platform agreement signed in April 2023. The Company s endeavors are poised to unlock revenue opportunities by generating Carbon Removal Credits (CORCs). This critical step incentivizes the broader adoption of climate technologies and enables the Company to supply these credits to companies seeking to offset their carbon footprint in pursuit of net-zero objectives. Simultaneously, this approach creates the potential for an additional and substantial revenue stream for the Company. 5 Table of Contents The following diagram illustrates our current corporate structure: On August 7, 2023, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the MOU with Andre van Zyl AvZ Green Carbon Industries Group of Companies GCI ), headquartered in Western Australia, to actively pursue and put in place a mutually agreeable and fully funded project venture in North America, through the Company to securely ring-fence, support, preserve and implement the existing and related Intellectual Property of both parties and their respective subsidiaries/representatives, as well as to fund and support ongoing and future Research and Developments. The intended project venture was to be responsible to establish a phased implementation plan for modified, scaled Biochar and Construction Char operations, to be paired with new Cold Bio Emulsion and Cold Bio Mix technology plant production operations established for the production of low CO2 footprint construction material in the territory of North America. Successful implementation of the project venture, was to allow a further option to expand operations throughout the continents of South America s, APAC, Europe, and Africa. Subsequently on May 15, 2024, the Company, AvZ and GCI mutually agreed to terminate the collaboration laid out in the MOU that was entered into on August 7, 2023. The MOU is rendered null and void effective May 15, 2024. On September 12, 2023, Jack Wong stepped down from his position as President of the Company, but remains as Chief Executive Office of the Company. On September 12, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Jack Wong, CEO and Director of the Company, as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Subsequently, on January 23, 2024, Jack Wong stepped down from his position as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Joseph Ambrose Lee was appointed Director and Chairman of the Board for a one-year term, and Tay Hong Choon was appointed Special Advisor to the Board for a one-year term. On October 1, 2023, the Company appointed Eric Bava and Andre van Zyl as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer respectively to drive the Company s climate-tech innovation. Effective May 15, 2024, Andre van Zyl stepped down from his position as Chief Technology Officer CTO of the Company. On October 23, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary VRI, entered into a Services Agreement (the Fosnacht Agreement with Donald R. Fosnacht to engage him as National Certification and Extensive BCR (Biochar Carbon Removal) Implementation Specialist to develop and implement a comprehensive strategy to obtain national and regional certification and endorsement for carbon net-negative construction products with high biochar content, encompassing asphalt, concrete, and soil stabilization as designated in the Agreement. Under the Fosnacht Agreement, the Company will pay Donald R. Fosnacht by the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share on or before January 31, 2024. The term of the Fosnacht Agreement will remain effective until December 31, 2025, and both parties may renew the agreement, or enter into a new agreement as may be mutually agreed on terms to be separately negotiated. On January 31, 2024, the Company issued 1,000,000 restricted Common shares to Donald R. Fosnacht. On January 23, 2024, by resolution of the Board of the Company, approved an amendment to the Bylaws of the Company (the "Amendment"). The Amendment, which was adopted effective January 23, 2024, increases the number of Directors from three (3) to seven (7). On February 6, 2024, by resolution of the Board of the Company, Joseph Ambrose Lee, Jack Wong, Balakrishnan B.S. Muthu, Soo Yau Cho and Tay Hong Choon were appointed as members of the newly formed Management Committee of the Board, to oversee and manage the operations of the Company. The Management Committee shall be responsible for making decisions pertaining to the overall operations of the Company and shall report directly to the Board. Subsequently on May 21, 2024, by resolution of the Board of the Company, Steven Sorhus was appointed as member of the Management Committee of the Board to replace Soo Yau Cho. 6 Table of Contents Effective June 18, 2024, Joseph Ambrose Lee tendered his resignation as Director and Chairman of the Board and member of the Management Committee of the Company. By resolution of the Board, Balakrishnan B S Muthu, Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, was appointed Chairman of the Board to replace Joseph Ambrose Lee effective June 18, 2024. The Management Committee now consists of four (4) members: Balakrishnan B.S. Muthu, Jack Wong, Tay Hong Choon and Steven Sorhus. On April 20, 2024, the Company entered into two Services Agreements (the NIE Agreements with Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell to engage them as National Implementation Experts for its wholly-owned subsidiary Verde Renewables, Inc. VRI to initiate connections with esteemed asphalt contractors, identify potential partners, explore potential collaborations through their extensive networks in the asphalt industry and recommend strategies to capitalize on emerging opportunities as designated in the NIE Agreements. Under the Agreements, the Company will pay Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell each by the issuance of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common shares in three tranches of 1,000,000 shares each on or before July 31, 2024, October 31, 2025, and October 31, 2026, respectively. The term of the NIE Agreements will remain effective until April 30, 2027, and both parties may renew their respective agreement, or enter into a new agreement as may be mutually agreed on terms to be separately negotiated. Pursuant to the respective addendum to the NIE Service Agreements dated June 29, 2024, each tranche of shares to be issued is compensation for each service period of 12 months beginning from May 1, 2024, May 1, 2025, and May 1, 2026, respectively. Subsequently, on July 31, 2024, the Company issued 1,000,000 of the Company s restricted Common shares each to Dr. Nam Tran and Dr. Raymond Powell as part of the compensation package in the NIE Agreements. On May 14, 2024, the Company entered into a Heads of Agreement (the HOA with Zym-Tec Technologies Limited ZT ), granting the Company (i) the right to form a collaboration entity Collaboration to further develop ZT s aforementioned technologies by incorporating Biochar as a carbon input for use in the road infrastructure and construction industry (the Products and (ii) the Master Licensing Rights for the USA Territory for ZT s patented technologies to the Collaboration entity, including Soil Stabilization, Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement (RAP), wearing course materials, concrete, other building material products. This Collaboration aims to generate Carbon Removal Credits through the use of biochar and create new net-zero or carbon net-negative IP products that are higher performing, more durable, sustainable, and cost-effective. These new IPs will be co-owned equally by the Company and ZT. In consideration of the Collaboration, the Company and ZT will establish a new Special Purpose Vehicle (the "SPV") to be equally held by both parties. The SPV will be responsible for executing the new VERDE-ZymTec Net-Zero and Carbon-Negative Technologies and Building Material Products. The Company and ZT will integrate the collaborative activities into the SPV. The share structure and income split shall be confirmed by the Company and ZT in the final agreement. Subsequently, the Company will apply for an uplift to the Nasdaq stock exchange as part of the final restructuring process. The Collaboration will distribute the royalties, license fees, carbon avoidance credits, and carbon removal credits to the Company and ZT. The HOA outlines the terms and conditions for the cooperation between both parties, with the intent to execute a more detailed agreement within an agreed timeframe. The detailed agreement will supersede the obligations outlined in the HOA. On June 1, 2024, the Company entered into a multi-year Services Agreement (the Ludwig Agreement with Dale Ludwig to engage him as Strategic Advisor for the Company and all its subsidiaries, to maintain and build strong relationships with policymakers at both state and federal levels, collaborate with Missouri Department of Transportation, build relationships with Missouri Asphalt Pavement Association (MAPA) members, collaborate with Missouri contractors to encourage the use of the Company's technologies, identify current biochar producers in Missouri and engage with the Missouri Department of Economic Development. Pursuant to the LudwigAgreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of 2,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to Dale Ludwig over three tranches of 700,000 shares on or before August 31, 2024, 700,000 shares on or before October 31, 2025, and 600,000 shares on or before October 31, 2026. Pursuant to the addendum to Ludwig Agreement dated June 29, 2024, each tranche of shares to be issued is compensation for each service period beginning 11 months from June 1, 2024, and 12 months from May 1, 2025, and May 1, 2026, respectively. Subsequently on August 8, 2024, the Company issued 700,000 of the Company s restricted Common shares to Dale Ludwig as part of the compensation package in the Ludwig Agreement. On June 27, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with The National Center for Asphalt Technology at Auburn University ("NCAT") to undertake a 3-year Performance Testing Project titled Structural Capacity of Sustainable Pavement (the Project ). The Project, led by Dr. Nam Tran, Associate Director and Research Professor at NCAT, will involve comprehensive performance testing on the NCAT Test Track in Opelika, Alabama. This facility, sponsored by various state Departments of Transportation (DOTs) and in partnership with the Minnesota Road Research Facility (MnROAD), is dedicated to advancing sustainable pavement technologies. The NCAT Test Track will be constructed in the summer of 2024 to evaluate cutting-edge technologies co-developed by the Company and Zym-Tec. These innovations utilize enzymes to treat expansive soils and stabilize marginal base materials, potentially reducing or eliminating the need for carbon-intensive materials such as hydrated lime and Portland cement. Additionally, integrating biochar from biomass pyrolysis into enzyme-treated pavement materials is expected to improve performance, substantially reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and sequester carbon dioxide. This pioneering approach is projected to generate Carbon Removal Credits upon completion of the test track installation, proving the viability of this next-generation blueprint for net-zero road construction. The Company is confident in its Verde-ZymTec technology and aspires to attain the highest level of certification from NCAT. Success in this Project is expected to drive widespread adoption of a net-zero road construction blueprint by DOTs across the United States and the federal DOT. Additionally, the substantial Carbon Removal Credits generated will create a significant and separate revenue stream for the Company. The Project commences on June 24, 2024, and is expected to conclude on September 30, 2027, with the first draft of the final report expected in Spring 2027. The Company has committed 750,000 to support the Project, with an initial payment of 100,000 upon execution of the NCAT agreement, followed by quarterly payments of 50,000 from September 2024 to March 2025, and 62,500 from June 2025 to September 2026. 7 Table of Contents Effective August 1, 2024, Jeremy P. Concannon was appointed as Chief Growth Officer CGO of the Company. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement entered into between Jeremy P. Concannon and Verde Renewables, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company as of July 31, 2024 (the Concannon Agreement ), the Company agreed to issue a total of 4,050,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to Jeremy P. Concannon over three tranches of 1,350,000 shares on or before August 31, 2024, 1,350,000 shares on or before August 31, 2025, and 1,350,000 shares on or before August 31, 2026. Subsequently on August 30, 2024, the Company issued 1,350,000 of the Company s restricted Common shares to Jeremy P. Concanon, as part of the compensation package in the Concannon Agreement. Pursuant to the addendum to Concannon Agreement dated September 27, 2024, each tranche of shares to be issued as compensation for each service period beginning 12 months from August 1, 2024 and 2025, and for 14 months from August 1, 2026, to September 30, 2027, respectively. On August 14, 2024, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the NPI MOU with Nature Plus Inc. NPI to formalize the collaboration on the NCAT Project referred to above Test Track Project (the Project and explore subsequent business opportunities arising from the successful completion of the Project. The Project will involve the application of TerraZyme technology for the stability of subgrade and base layers, with the overarching goal of advancing road construction methodologies. The Company holds a three-year agreement with NCAT for the research, development and testing of road construction technologies. The Company has committed to funding the Project at a minimum cost of 750,000, This funding will support the necessary performance testing by NCAT to secure the highest level of certification for the commercial adoption of the technology by the Departments of Transportation DOTs ). NPI will work in close collaboration with the Company and NCAT to provide critical technical expertise to support the Project and assist the Company in obtaining NCAT certification and other relevant approvals. The Company will procure and utilize 6 liters of TerraZyme for the NCAT test track. The Company and NPI will jointly develop mixed designs and materials incorporating biochar, aimed at enhancing performance and promoting carbon sequestration. The NPI MOU shall be effective until December 31, 2026, or until replaced by a subsequent distributor agreement. Upon the successful completion of the Project, the Company and NPI intend to continue the collaboration on future initiatives, including soil stabilization and material development, carbon removal credits, certification and compliance, and exclusive rights to distributing TerraZyme. On August 16, 2024, the Company issued 9,655,542 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at the price of 0.07 per share to Borneo Oil Berhad in relation to the Settlement of Debts Agreement (the SDA Agreement and a two-year term period Promissory Note entered into with its former indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Champmark Sdn Bhd CSM and CSM s creditor Borneo Oil Corporation Sdn Bhd (the Creditor to settle in full a total of USD 675,888 of CSM s account payable. On March 13, 2023, the Company and CSM entered into a SDA Agreement and a two year term period Promissory Note with the Creditor to settle in full a total of USD 675,888 of CSM s account payable to the Creditor either in cash or by the issuance of new restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price of 0.07 per share. As set out in the SDA Agreement, the new restricted shares for settlement of the account payable to the Creditor shall be issued to the Creditor or its nominee. On August 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Supplementary Agreement to the SDA Agreement and Promissory Note with the Creditor to convert the total amount of 675,888 into 9,655,542 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at the agreed conversion price of 0.07 per share for issuance on August 16, 2024. On October 16, 2024, the Company issued 800,000 restricted Common Shares for 80,000 at 0.10 per share to three US shareholders. On October 16, 2024, the Company formed a new subsidiary, VerdePlus Inc. VerdePlus ), a Missouri corporation in partnership with Nature Plus Inc. NPI for the purpose of conducting business on the production of low-carbon building materials by integrating the Company s expertise with the innovative stabilization enzyme TerraZyme, an intellectual property of NPI to be injected into VerdePlus. The Company and NPI owned 55 and 45 of VerdePlus, respectively. On October 18, 2024, the Company entered into a binding Term Sheet with C-Twelve Pty Ltd C-Twelve ), a corporation incorporated in Western Australia, granting the Company (i) an exclusive license to utilize its proprietary binder and biochar asphalt mixed designs (the "Licensed Technology") for the production and commercialization of asphalt surfacing-related products (the "End Products") within the United States of America and (ii) the first right of refusal to extend the exclusive licensing of the Licensed Technology to other countries and territories subject to terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon. The Company shall commit to producing a minimum quantity of End Products each year, as defined in the definitive agreement (the "Minimum Production Amount"). The specific Minimum Production Amount will be stipulated in an appendix or exhibit to the final licensing agreement. The Company shall pay C-Twelve royalties based on the Minimum Production Amount, at a rate mutually agreed upon by both parties and specified in the definitive agreement. Should the Company fail to meet the Minimum Production Amount in any given year, it shall remain obligated to pay royalties based on the agreed-upon minimum production levels. In the event that production exceeds the Minimum Production Amount, additional royalties shall be payable for the excess production, calculated at the same royalty rate or as otherwise mutually agreed in the definitive agreement. Both parties will mutually agree on a Carbon Credit percentage allowance for C-Twelve. C-Twelve shall grant the Company the right to file, prosecute, and maintain United States patent applications incorporating C-Twelve s Intellectual Property (IP), subject to C-Twelve s final review and approval before submission. All such patents will be filed and maintained under the Verde brand name. The Company shall reserve the right to market and sell End Products under its own brand names, with C-Twelve being referenced, as well as C-Twelve having the right to market the Company s activities under the definitive agreement. C-Twelve shall also collaborate with the Company on a joint installation of its proprietary technology that will take place on the Company s designated cross-section at the National Center for Asphalt Technology (NCAT) Test Track in Opelika, Alabama, with a target completion between December 16 20, 2024. The Term Sheet shall commence on October 18, 2024, and shall remain in effect until February 28, 2025, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the agreed provisions, including the execution of a definitive agreement by both parties on, or before February 28, 2025. The Term Sheet may be extended or renewed upon the mutual written agreement of both parties. Upon the execution of the definitive agreement, the Company shall pay a sign-on fee of USD 300,000 and issue 1,500,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock to C-Twelve. 8 Table of Contents On October 22, 2024, the Company entered into a service agreement with GECA Environment GECA to provide the Company with strategic support for carbon credit monetization. GECA is an internationally recognized firm, expert in carbon valorization and sequestration. GECA s unmatched expertise and broad service offerings make it an invaluable partner for businesses and organizations seeking holistic waste valorization solutions. Committed to the global fight against climate change, GECA operates in over 15 countries with a diverse international team. With a proven track record in project development and successful brokerage of biochar-based carbon credits to renowned clients, GECA consistently delivers impactful, high-quality solutions for carbon removal. Under this service agreement, GECA will provide the Company with comprehensive strategic support focused on monetizing carbon attributes, specifically through biochar and carbon removal credits. This partnership aims to maximize the value of the Company's carbon removal initiatives via its Biochar-Asphalt and other Net Zero construction products while ensuring compliance with carbon market standards. The structure of the strategic advisory, for a duration of six (6) months, is a monthly retainer with a maximum number of hours allocated. The retainer starts at USD 5,000 per month. GECA will advise the Company of the expected time to conduct any requested task prior to starting. If a task requires it to go beyond the allotted hours, and which are approved by the Company, hourly rates for the executed work as defined in the service agreement will be added accordingly. Stage of Operation The Company has transitioned into the green technology sector through its acquisition of Bio Resources Ltd ("BRL"), the registered or beneficial proprietor of the intellectual property associated with the "Catalytic Biofraction Process." This advanced second-generation pyrolysis technology employs a proprietary catalyst to depolymerize palm biomass waste, such as empty fruit bunches and palm kernel shells, at temperatures ranging from 350 C to 500 C. The process produces commercially valuable bio-products, including bio-oil, wood vinegar (pyroligneous acid), biochar, and bio-syngas, utilizing non-food feedstock. Leveraging its BioFraction technology, the Company focuses on producing high-quality biochar from bio-waste. This biochar, combined with a proprietary binder, is used to create Net Zero building materials aimed at modernizing infrastructure. The Company s innovations deliver significant economic and environmental benefits, aligning with its vision of supporting the industry's seamless #TransitionToZero. This approach reduces greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, optimizes the use of native soils and recycled materials, enhances product durability, and sequesters substantial amounts of CO . The Company's Net Zero blueprint also generates Carbon Credits, enabling global organizations to advance their decarbonization goals. Collaborations with key stakeholders such as the National Center for Asphalt Technology (NCAT), the National Asphalt Pavement Association (NAPA), and leading building material firms demonstrate Verde s commitment to sustainable infrastructure solutions. Key Developments 1. Green Carbon Industries Collaboration (August 2023 May 2024): On August 7, 2023, the Company announced a partnership with Green Carbon Industries GCI ), granting exclusive access to GCI s intellectual property. This collaboration focused on biochar asphalt showcase projects within the United States, building upon GCI's successes in APAC, the Middle East, and Africa. On May 15, 2024, the Company and GCI mutually agreed to terminate this collaboration. 2. Carbon Removal Credit Supplier Registration (April 2023): In April 2023, the Company entered into a platform agreement with Puro.earth, the leading crediting platform for durable carbon removal. This partnership enhances the Company's role in the Accelerate program and establishes it as a Carbon Removal Credit supplier. 3. Biochar-Asphalt Installations (August 2023): On August 30, 2023, the Company completed the first-ever biochar-asphalt installation in the U.S., near Chicago, Illinois, followed by another installation at its La Belle, Missouri facility. These efforts have garnered Letters of Intent (LOI) and demonstrate the Company s shift from mining to climate-tech solutions. 4. Fosnacht Agreement (October 2023): On October 23, 2023, the Company engaged Dr. Donald R. Fosnacht to lead the certification of biochar-based carbon-negative construction products, including asphalt, concrete, and soil stabilization materials. 5. Ludwig Agreement (June 2024): On June 1, 2024, the Company engaged Dale Ludwig as a strategic advisor to foster relationships with policymakers, Missouri contractors, and industry stakeholders to promote the adoption of the Company s technologies. 6. NCAT Project Agreement (June 2024): On June 27, 2024, the Company initiated a 3-year testing program with NCAT, focusing on sustainable pavement solutions, with a minimum funding commitment of 750,000. The project aims to validate biochar-based road construction technologies for widespread adoption and carbon credit generation. 7. Collaboration with Nature Plus Inc. (August 2024): On August 14, 2024, the Company partnered with NPI to integrate TerraZyme technology into the NCAT Project, with an MOU extending this collaboration to 2026. The project incorporates biochar to enhance performance and promote carbon sequestration in road construction. 8. Completion of Stage 1 at NCAT Test Track (August 2024): On August 23, 2024, the Company successfully completed Stage 1 of the cross-section at the NCAT test track in collaboration with NPI. This milestone demonstrated significant advancements in sustainable road construction, including: A reduction of Portland cement usage by over 60 . The complete elimination of carbon-intensive hydrated lime. A substantial reduction in the trucking of virgin materials, as TerraZyme enabled the use of in-situ materials. NCAT is currently analyzing data from the cross-section to validate these outcomes. Concurrently, the Company is in discussions with Climate Action Reserve, a leading carbon avoidance methodology, to quantify and verify the carbon reductions achieved during Stage 1. 9. Formation of VerdePlus Inc. (October 2024): On October 16, 2024, after the successful collaboration at NCAT, the Company established VerdePlus Inc., a Missouri corporation, in partnership with NPI. VerdePlus focuses on producing low-carbon building materials, integrating the Company s expertise with NPI s proprietary TerraZyme technology. The Company holds a 55 ownership stake in VerdePlus. 10. Licensing Agreement with C-Twelve Pty Ltd (October 2024): On October 18, 2024, the Company secured an exclusive license to use C-Twelve s proprietary biochar asphalt technology in North America, with the first option on other territories, as well as the right to file U.S patents with their IP under the Verde brand . A joint installation at the NCAT test track is planned for December 2024, with another large-scale showcase in Missouri in January 2025. 11. GECA Service Agreement (October 2024): On October 22, 2024, the Company partnered with GECA Environment to monetize carbon credits derived from biochar-based products. GECA will provide strategic project development support, with an initial goal of generating at least 10 tons of Carbon Removal Credits as a proof of concept after the NCAT and Missouri showcase projects. By strategically advancing these initiatives, the Company is poised to lead in the development of sustainable infrastructure solutions, generate new revenue streams through Carbon Removal Credits, and deliver lasting environmental and economic benefits. 9 Table of Contents Results of Operations For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: The following table sets forth selected financial information from our statements of comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenue 125,570 2,582 4,763.3 Cost of revenue (49,596 (70,516 -29.7 Gross profit (loss) 75,974 (67,934 -211.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses (812,563 (456,594 78.0 Other operating expenses (55,118 - Loss from operation (791,707 (524,528 50.9 Interest expense (97,831 (41,206 137.4 Other income 1,244,253 16,273 7,546.1 NET PROFIT (LOSS) 354,715 (549,461 -164.6 The average rate of MYR : USD for three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 0.2305 and 0.2161 respectively. Revenue The revenue was mainly derived from sale of Biochar Asphalt Premix in 2024 as the distribution of renewable commodities and compost spreading in 2023. We have generated 125,570 and 2,582 revenues for the period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. With a new business line, a gross profit of 75,974 was recorded compared to a gross loss of 67,934 for period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Cost of revenue Cost of revenue in 2024 comprised of the cost of Biochar Asphalt products sold whereas the cost in 2023 comprised of production of renewable commodities sold. Consequently, cost of revenue decreased from 70,516 to 49,596 during the period ended September 30, 2024. Arising from cessation of the operations in the production and distribution of renewable commodities, expenditures related to the plant have been categorized under other operating expenses. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses comprised mainly of salaries, office costs, legal and professional fees, consultancy fee and travelling expenses. We have incurred 812,563 and 456,594 in selling, general and administrative expenses through September 30,2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 78.0 , or 355,969, primarily due to increase of consultancy fee (share-based compensation to nonemployees of 272,005) as the new agreements were entered into in the last 2 months of the previous financial year, share based compensation to employee of 106,585 and the expenditure related to the operations of the plant in the production and distribution of renewable commodities have been categorized under other operating expenses. Other Operating Expenses Other operating expenses comprised of expenditure related to the operations of the plant in the production and distribution of renewable commodities which have been categorized under other operating expenses which previously categorized under selling, general and administrative expenses. This categorization was due to there being no production processed by the plant in third quarter of 2024. Interest expense The Company recorded interest expense of 86,456 and 27,550 on the promissory notes for the period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Lease interest expenses amounted to 6,739 and 11,435 for the period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Bank loan interest amounted to 4,637 and 2,221 for the period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase in interest expenses is mainly due to early conversion of promissory notes with a principal amount of 675,888 on August 16, 2024, as opposed to the originally maturity date of May 12, 2025. Other income We have other income of 1,244,253 and 16,273 for the period ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. Other income of 1,244,253 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was mainly due to gain on insurance claim of 481,513, interest income from placement of deposit with bank of 22,537 and unrealized foreign exchange gain of 718,701. The balance mainly represented rental income earned. Net profit (loss) As a result of the above factors, the Company incurred a net profit of 354,715 and a net loss of 549,461 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 10 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources The following summarizes the key component of our cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Cash Flow Date September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Cash Used in operating activities (437,197 (350,484 Net Cash Provided by investing activities 1,290,963 - Net Cash Provided by financing activities (1,876 1,396,564 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (6,838 2,246 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 845,052 1,048,326 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 279,137 200,409 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, ending of period 1,124,189 1,248,735 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities reflects net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation expense, amortization of right of use assets and stock-based compensation, and the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities. The increase in cash used in operating activities for the period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023 was primarily due to increase of account receivable and the decrease of accrued liabilities and other payables. In the operation analysis, the net cash used in operating activities increased from 350,484 to 437,197. The operation profit of 354,715 was further increased by the noncash expenses such as 70,230 in depreciation, 25,714 in amortization, 272,005 in share-based compensation to nonemployee, 106,585 in share-based compensation to employee, 84,718 in interest expenses on promissory notes, 6,739 in lease interest expense, offset by unrealized foreign exchange gain of 718,701, gain from insurance claim of 481,513 and gain on disposal of assets held for sale of 5,606. In the operating assets and liabilities, the net increase of cash outflow in current assets such as other receivables, deposits and prepayments, accounts receivables and current liabilities such as account payables and advances from related parties which are greater than the net increase of cash inflow in current assets such as inventories and current liabilities such as accrued liabilities and other payables which resulted in 152,083 negative cash flow effect adding to profit in operation, and after offset by non-cash expenses. The net cash used in operating activities was 437,197. Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities The net cash provided by investing activities of 1,290,963 resulted from proceeds from disposal of assets held for sale of 559,450, proceeds from insurance recoveries of 481,513 and withdrawal of deposit in bank of 250,000 for the period ended September 30, 2024. There is no net cash provided by or used in investing activity for the period ended September 30, 2023. Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities The net cash used in financing activities of 1,876 resulted from proceeds from shares issued and to be issued of 584,000, set off partially by repayments to lease liabilities and related interests for the period ended September 30, 2024, of 579,137 and 6,739 respectively. Meanwhile, during September 30, 2023, the net cash provided by financing activities of 1,396,564 resulted from proceeds from shares to be issued of 1,276,828, advances from related parties of 55,375 and advances from other payables of 138,233 set off partially by repayment of bank loan of 29,560, repayments to lease liabilities and related interests for the period ended September 30, 2023, of 32,877 and 11,435 respectively. The cash flow situation will not allow for operations in the coming next 12 months by self-generated cash provided from operating activities. The Company needs to increase cash flow supplies with a long-term plan until the Company makes sustainable profits and has a positive cash flow. Otherwise, loans from related parties may be a temporary solution, although we have no written loan agreements. There is no guarantee that we will be able to secure adequate financing. If we fail to secure sufficient funds, our business activities may be curtailed, or we may cease to operate. . Working Capital As of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 1,248,735 and 200,409, respectively. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, there are deposits with bank of 1,750,000 and 2,000,000 respectively. Nevertheless, as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, we have incurred accumulated losses of 13,125,489 and 13,480,204, respectively. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to investors. 11 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Evaluation Date ). During 2023, the Company undertook tremendous changes and expansion which rendered management to re-consider the availability of more management talents and professional staff to meet the enlargement in operation under the coming acquisition and expansion move. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In the meantime, management has appointed external consultants to minimize the risk and ascertain compliance with requirements. As of September 30, 2024, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. During 2023 and into 2024, the Company had undertaken tremendous enlargement and expansion, including restructuring of operations, which rendered the management to re-consider the availability of more management talents and professional staff to meet the enlargement in operation during and after the coming acquisition and expansion move. Based on this consideration and that evaluation, the current management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. In the meantime, management has appointed external consultants to minimize the risk and ascertain compliance with requirements. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (4) management is dominated by three individuals without adequate compensating controls; and (5) lack of financial personnel with sufficient knowledge and experience with U.S. GAAP accounting guidelines and SEC regulations. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial Officers in connection with the review of our financial statements as of September 30, 2024. Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above may have an immediate negative effect on our financial results because of our enlargement of operation. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements if the Company were growing substantially after the expansion move was materialized. The senior management understands the need to ensure proper documentation of any material contracts and business operations through timely transmission of information and communications within the organization. The management also conducts regular consultation with our legal counsel to ensure compliance with SEC s disclosure requirements. Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 that occurred in the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 12 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. N/A. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. N/A. Item 5. Other Information. None. 13 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. The following exhibits are included as part of this report: Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Rule 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 101 ___________ The following financial information from Verde Resources, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, (ii) Condensed Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 14 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. VERDE RESOURCES, INC. (Registrant) Dated: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Jack Wong Jack Wong Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 15 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vrdr_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vrdr_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Jack Wong, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verde Resources, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Jack Wong Jack Wong Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vrdr_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vrdr_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Balakrishnan B S Muthu, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verde Resources, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Balakrishnan B S Muthu Balakrishnan B S Muthu Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vrdr_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vrdr_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jack Wong, certify, as of the dates hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Verde Resources, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Verde Resources, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Jack Wong Jack Wong Chief Executive Officer I, Balakrishnan B S Muthu, certify, as of the dates hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Verde Resources, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Verde Resources, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Balakrishnan B S Muthu Balakrishnan B S Muthu Chief Financial Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Verde Resources, Inc. and will be retained by Verde Resources, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vrdr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vrdr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 vrdr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vrdr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

