<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1847064_0001628280-24-047209.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9064786</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1587516</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2978646</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2258452</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1934149</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047209.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112163240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047209
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PSQ Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847064
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				862062844
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40457
		FILM NUMBER:		241449004

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 S. AUSTRALIAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-776-2402

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 S. AUSTRALIAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSQ Holdings, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230719

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Colombier Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047209.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 psqh-20240930.htm
 10-Q

psqh-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding and shares of the registrant s Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 52 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 
 SIGNATURES 
 54 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 PSQ HOLDINGS, INC. (dba PublicSquare) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Loans held for investment, net of allowance for credit losses of as of September 30, 2024 
 Interest Receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Loans held for investment, net of allowance for credit losses of as of September 30, 2024, non-current 
 Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease, right-of-use assets Deposits Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Revolving line of credit Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities, current portion Total current liabilities Convertible promissory notes, related party (Note 12) Convertible promissory notes Warrant liabilities Earn-out liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Class A Common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class C Common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PSQ HOLDINGS, INC. (dba PublicSquare) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues, net Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense shown below) Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense shown below) Transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination General and administrative Sales and marketing Research and development Depreciation and amortization Total costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Other (expense) income, net ) Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes ) Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PSQ HOLDINGS, INC. (dba PublicSquare) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock for Credova Merger Issuance of shares for consulting arrangement Share-based compensation Issuance of shares for fully vested restricted stock units ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Share-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of shares for fully vested restricted stock units ) ) Share-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Retroactive application of Business Combination ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock for cash Receipt of subscription receivable Issuance of common stock for asset acquisition Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Repayment of subscription payable ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Conversion of notes to common stock Issuance of common stock upon Business Combination Forfeiture of shares ) ) Share based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PSQ HOLDINGS, INC. (dba PublicSquare) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustment to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities ) ) Share-based compensation Realized gain on short term investment ) Amortization of step-up in loans held for investment Provision for credit losses on loans held for investment Origination of loans and leases for resale ) Proceeds from sale of loans and leases for resale Gain on sale of loans and leases ) Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease expense Interest expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Inventory ) ) Deposits ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue Operating lease payments ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from Investing Activities Software development costs ) ) Principal paydowns on loans held for investment Disbursements for loans held for investment ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired Purchase of short-term investments ) Proceeds from the sale of short-term investments Purchase of intangible assets and trademarks ) Purchases of property and equipment ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from convertible note payable, related party (Note 12) Proceeds from convertible note payable Proceeds from reverse recapitalization Proceeds from issuance of common stock under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Repayments on revolving line of credit ) Repayment of subscription payable ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the period Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activity Promissory notes, inclusive of accrued interest, converted to equity Initial recognition of earn-out liability Acquisition of warrant liability Prepaid expenses assumed in connection with Business Combination Liabilities assumed in connection with Business Combination Liabilities paid through the trust Accrued variable compensation settled with RSU grants Shares issued in connection with Credova Merger Note Exchange in connection with Credova Merger Stock for stock transfer 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PSQ HOLDINGS, INC. (dba PublicSquare) 
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 - 
 segments: Marketplace, Financial Technology, and Brands Marketplace , Financial Technology , and Brands ). The primary mission of the Marketplace segment is to help consumers shop their values and put purpose behind their purchases. PublicSquare leverages data and insights from the Marketplace to assess its customers needs and provide wholly-owned quality financial products and brands. PublicSquare s Financial Technology segment comprises of Credova, a consumer financing and PublicSquare Payments, a payments company. PublicSquare s Brands segment comprises EveryLife, a premium direct-to-consumer D2C life-affirming baby products company, and PSQLink, LLC PSQLink ), a digital marketing and customer relationship management CRM platform. 
 EveryLife Asset Acquisition 
 In February 2023, the Company acquired the assets of EveryLife, Inc. EveryLife ). On July 13, 2023, the Company launched the brand and began generating revenue from sales of diapers and wipes from this operation. See Note 5 for further information. 
 Merger Agreement 
 On July 19, 2023, in accordance with the plan of arrangement to reorganize PSQ Holdings. Inc, the Company finalized a business combination (the Business Combination with Colombier Acquisition Corp. Colombier ). On closing, the common shares of PSQ Holdings Inc. were listed on the New York Stock Exchange and commenced trading under the symbol NYSE:PSQH . See Note 4 for further information. 
 Credova Merger 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Credova Merger Agreement with Cello Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub of the Company, Credova Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Credova ), and Samuel L. Paul, in the capacity as the Seller Representative in accordance with the terms of the Credova Merger Agreement Credova Merger ). See Note 5 for further information. 
 The Company s operations are comprised of operating segments which are Marketplace, Brands and Financial Technology a summary of which is below: 
 Marketplace 
 The PSQ platform (the Platform can be accessed through two primary means: 
 Mobile application - Our mobile app is available for both iOS and Android-based devices. 
 Web - Users can access our full platform at PublicSquare.com. 
 Brands 
 Our brand revenues have been derived primarily from our sale of products. EveryLife is a direct-to-consumer baby care company with a mission to provide premium products to every miraculous life. EveryLife is committed to its core values, ensuring product quality, and demonstrating generosity by donating diapers and wipes to moms in need. This commitment has quickly set EveryLife apart, elevating both its brand and products. Since its launch in July 2023, EveryLife has been delivering high-performing and price-accessible products that align with the values of our consumers. 
 Additionally, the Company has built out PSQLink, which is generating revenues through Business-to-Business B2B sales by providing its customers with a digital marketing and CRM platform. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Note 2 - 
 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had negative cash flows from operations of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had aggregate unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, of million and million and net working capital of million and million, respectively. 
 On October 24, 2024, the Company closed a private investment in public equity transaction PIPE pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement PIPE Purchase Agreement dated October 22, 2024, for the purchase of million of Class A common stock at per share with investors: (i) an affiliate of a PSQH board member, (ii), a party related to a PSQH board member and executive officer, and (ii) an unaffiliated accredited investor (the Purchasers (see Note 17 for additional information). 
 The Company s Board of Directors and executive team have outlined a plan to improve the Company s cash position which involves a variety of cash management initiatives. These initiatives include reduction and reallocation of resources to more profitable segments of the business and reducing corporate operating expenses. The reduction of resources, which included a staff reduction of along with terminating or reducing contractor and consulting agreements was performed in October 2024 and is expected to result in annualized cash savings of approximately million. Additionally, the plan considers further options such as completing a capital raise, entering into a revolving line of credit agreement, and refining inventory purchase timing which will reduce excess stock levels. 
 The Company believes that, as a result of these initiatives, along with its existing cash and cash equivalents and the cash flow from the Brands and Financial Technology segments, the Company will be able to fund operations and capital needs for the next year from the date these condensed consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 
 The Company s future capital requirements will depend on many factors including the Company s revenue growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support further sales and marketing and research and development efforts. In order to finance these opportunities, the Company may need to raise additional financing. While there can be no assurances, the Company may need to pursue issuances of additional equity raises and debt rounds of financing. If additional financing is required from outside sources, the Company may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital when desired, the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Note 3 - 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 7 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, recorded as an allowance for sales returns. 
 B2B Sales 
 PSQLink generates recurring software as a service SaaS revenues through B2B sales by providing its customers with a digital marketing and CRM platform. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 9 

Table of Contents 

 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 impairment of the Company s long-lived assets were recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 12 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segments comprised of Marketplace, Brands and Financial Technology. 
 of the Company s revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, no customer accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenue. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no customer accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenue. 
 As of September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for of the Company s accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2023, no customer accounted for 10 or more of the Company s accounts receivable. 
 
 Note 4 - 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 per share, of Colombier (the Colombier Class A Common Stock by public stockholders of Colombier: 
 all options, convertible notes, warrants and other rights to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of PSQ or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or that otherwise conferred on the holder any right to acquire, any capital stock of PSQ which remained outstanding and had not been exercised or did not convert automatically into shares of PSQ Common Stock (as defined below) prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time were canceled without consideration; 
 each share of PSQ Common Stock, par value per share PSQ Common Stock ), including shares of PSQ Common Stock issued upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes of PSQ that automatically converted into shares of PSQ Common Stock immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, in each case other than shares of PSQ Common Stock held by the CEO, was automatically converted into the right to receive shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share, of the Company Class A Common Stock and 
 each share of PSQ Common Stock held by the Chief Executive Officer CEO was automatically converted into the right to receive shares of Class C Common Stock, par value per share, of the Company Class C Common Stock and, together with Class A Common Stock, Company Common Stock ). 
 In addition to the right of holders of PSQ Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time (the PSQ Stockholders to receive Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, in the Merger, PSQ Stockholders and certain executive officers, employees and service providers of PSQ (the Deemed Equity Holders and, together with the PSQ Stockholders, the Participating Equity Holders will be entitled to receive up to shares of Class A Common Stock (the Earnout Shares in the event certain trading price-based metrics are satisfied during the five )-year period commencing on the date of the Closing and ending on the fifth anniversary thereof (the Earnout Period ), or, if earlier, upon the occurrence of a change of control transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement) during the Earnout Period with an implied per share price that exceeds the relevant trading price-based metrics. Specifically, Earnout Shares will be earned if one or more of the three (3) triggering events described below occurs: 
 in the event that, and upon the date during the Earnout Period on which, the volume-weighted average trading price of Class A Common Stock quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE (or such other exchange on which the shares of Class A Common Stock are then listed) for any twenty ) trading days within any thirty ) consecutive trading day period (the Earnout Trading Price is greater than or equal to , the Participating Equity Holders will be entitled to receive an aggregate of Earnout Shares; 
 in the event that, and upon the date during the Earnout Period on which, the Earnout Trading Price is greater than or equal to , the Participating Equity Holders will be entitled to receive an aggregate of additional Earnout Shares; and 
 in the event that, and upon the date during the Earnout Period on which, the Earnout Trading Price is greater than or equal to , the Participating Equity Holders will be entitled to receive an aggregate of additional Earnout Shares. 
 Each share of the Company s Class C Common Stock entitles its holder, initially the CEO, to a number of votes per share (rounded up to the nearest whole number) equal to (a) the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock entitled to vote on the applicable matter as of the applicable record date plus 100, divided by (b) the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Class C Common Stock (the Per Share Class C Voting Power ). As of the Closing Date, as a result of his ownership of of the outstanding Class C Common Stock, the CEO has approximately of the voting power of the Company, and the result of most matters to be voted upon by the Company s stockholders will be controlled by the CEO, who can base his vote upon his best judgment and his fiduciary duties to PSQ stockholders. Each share of Class C Common Stock held by the CEO may be converted by the CEO at any time into one (1) share of Class A Common Stock. 
 PSQ has been determined to be the accounting acquirer based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: 
 PSQ s existing stockholders will have the ability to control decisions regarding election and removal of directors and officers of the Company; 
 PSQ is the larger entity in terms of substantive operations and employee base; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million from the Business Combination, offset by total transaction costs of million. 
 Less: transaction costs and advisory fees, paid ) Net proceeds from the Business Combination Less: public and private placement warrant liabilities ) Less: earn-out liabilities ) Add: amounts paid in advance Add: Transaction costs in accounts payable and accrued expenses Reverse recapitalization, net 
 Less: Redemption of Colombier Class A common stock ) Class A common stock of Colombier Colombier Class B common stock, outstanding prior to the Business Combination Business Combination shares PSQ Shares Common Stock immediately after the Business Combination 
 Class C Common Stock Total 
 Public and private placement warrants 
 The Public Warrants issued in Colombier s Initial Public Offering IPO and warrants issued in connection with private placement at the time of Colombier s IPO (the Private Placement Warrants remained outstanding and became warrants for the Company (see Note 11). 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Colombier Class A common stock for an aggregate payment of . 
 
 Note 5 - 
 newly-issued shares of Class A Common Stock (the Consideration Shares ). A number of Consideration Shares equal to ten percent of the Consideration Shares (the Escrow Shares was placed in an escrow account for indemnity claims made under the Credova Merger Agreement. Assuming they are not subject to indemnity claims, the Escrow Shares remaining in escrow upon the 12-month anniversary of the closing will be released and distributed pro rata to the former Credova Stockholders. 
 The acquisition of Credova was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations ("ASC 805"). As the acquirer for accounting purposes, the Company estimated the purchase price, assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, with the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired recognized as goodwill. 
 Assumption of notes payable Cash paid Total purchase consideration Purchase price allocation: Cash Loans held for investment Fixed assets Intangible assets Prepaid expenses Goodwill Operating lease right of use asset Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Lease liability ) Revolving line of credit ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million associated with the Credova Merger were included in general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Since the acquisition date, million of revenue and million of net loss have been included in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million of revenue and million of net loss have been included in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Internally developed software Merchant relationships State operating licenses Indefinite Total intangible assets 
 Net loss ) ) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Net loss ) ) 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information reflects pro forma adjustments to present the combined pro forma results of operations as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2023 to give effect to certain events the Company believes to be directly attributable to the acquisition. These pro forma adjustments primarily include: 
 (i) the elimination of Credova historical depreciation and amortization expense and the recognition of new depreciation and amortization expense; 
 (ii) an adjustment to present acquisition-related transaction costs and other one-time costs directly attributable to the acquisition as if they were incurred in the earliest period presented; and 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s common stock. Through the stock for stock exchange agreement, the Company acquired EveryLife s marketing related intangibles which consist of a brand name. On July 13, 2023, the Company launched the brand and began generating revenue from sales of diapers and wipes from this operation. 
 This acquisition was accounted for as an asset purchase. The cost of a group of assets acquired in an asset acquisition shall be allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values and shall not give rise to goodwill. 
 Issuance of common stock at fair value Legal costs capitalized Balance - December 31, 2023 
 
 Note 6 - 
 million, which resulted from the Credova Merger (See Note 5) and is included in the Financial Technology segment. 
 - years 
 Trademark and tradenames years Internally developed software years Merchant relationships years State operating licenses Indefinite Purchased technology - years 
 Brand name years Total intangible assets Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expenses were approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Note 7 - 
 Allowance for credit losses ) Loans held for investment, net 
 These loans have a variety of lending terms as well as original maturities ranging from six weeks to thirty-six months, with the large majority of the Company s loans having a term of approximately two years. The average remaining life of the Company s loans was approximately 12 months as of September 30, 2024. Given that the Company s loan portfolio focuses on unsecured installment loans, the Company evaluates the portfolio as a single homogeneous loan portfolio and performs further analysis by product type as needed. 
 The Company closely monitors credit quality for its loans held for investment to manage and evaluate exposure to credit risk. Credit risk management begins with initial underwriting, where a consumer is assessed based on the Company s underwriting and credit policy. This includes Know Your Customer KYC identification, traditional credit scoring models, and various Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA permissible consumer credit and risk data. Credit quality is monitored subsequent to underwriting based on performance metrics that include, but are not limited to, delinquency and default metrics. The Company uses software that monitors credit quality of the respective portfolio and performs analysis on credit data. 
 Balance acquired from Credova Merger Charge-offs ) Provision for credit losses Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 8 - 
 million revolving loan with a finance company through the Credova Merger (Note 5) which bears interest at a rate of and requires minimum monthly interest payments. The funding termination date is June 30, 2024. The borrowing base is based upon a percentage of eligible receivables which are valued as the outstanding principal amount, less adjustments for loans held for investment that are more than thirty-one days but no more than sixty days past due. For calculating the borrowing base, receivables more than sixty days past due are excluded. The total amount that can be borrowed under the loan is reduced to the amount of the borrowing base if that amount is lower. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 with minimum interest requirement. The borrowing base is set at of the unpaid principal balance of pledge receivables that are no more than sixty days past due. The amendment contains customary covenants, trigger events, representations and warranties. Certain assets at Credova are assigned as collateral. 
 The revolving line of credit maturity date is subsequent to the revolving period, which is the earlier of: (a) nine (9) months following the funding termination date (June 30, 2025) and (b) the remittance date on which the aggregate outstanding advances are million or below. 
 Monthly remittance remains in effect with a borrowing base calculation. During the amortization period, the Company will repay the aggregate outstanding advances until such aggregate outstanding advances do not exceed the borrowing base, and then of the remaining collections until the aggregate outstanding advances have been reduced to zero. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding advances under this revolving loan totaled million. 
 
 Note 9 - 
 simple interest per annum and -year maturity dates. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Replacement Notes, at any time after the Closing, Participating Noteholders may elect to convert their Replacement Notes into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Replacement Note to be converted plus accrued and unpaid interest by (y) , subject to adjustment for stock splits and other similar transactions (the Conversion Price ). At any time, the Company may call the Replacement Notes for a cash amount equal to accrued interest plus (i) between the Closing and the first anniversary of the Closing, of the then outstanding principal amount, (ii) between the first anniversary and the second anniversary of the Closing, of the then outstanding principal amount and (iii) after the second anniversary of the Closing, the then outstanding principal amount of the Replacement Note. Further, the Replacement Notes permit the Company, in its discretion, to require conversion of the Replacement Notes into shares of Class A Common Stock if the daily volume-weighted average trading price of the Company Class A Common Stock exceeds of the Conversion Price on each of at least consecutive trading days during the trading day period prior to notice of such required conversion. The Company determined the embedded derivatives did not require bifurcation. 
 Credova Subdebt Notes not exchanged for Replacement Notes at Closing were canceled following payment in full in cash. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the convertible promissory notes payable was million. 
 Convertible Promissory Notes Related Party 
 In March 2024, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement for a private placement convertible note for million invested by a board member and his affiliates. Terms for the note were priced based on notes exchanged as part of the Credova Merger described above. 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an agreement for a million convertible note in a private placement with a board member and affiliates. The note has identical terms to the notes offered in March 2024 (see Note 12). 
 Convertible Promissory Notes 
 The Company had issued convertible promissory notes (the Note or Notes in the total amount of million that accrued interest at the rate of per annum until converted or paid in full upon maturity being December 31, 2024. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million fully diluted pre-money valuation, excluding the Notes. 
 The Notes are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance under ASC 480-10-25-14, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the Notes are recognized as non-cash gains or losses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Principal balance of convertible notes issued Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of March 31, 2023 Principal balance of convertible notes issued Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of June 30, 2023 Conversion of convertible notes ) Fair value as of September 30, 2023 
 Risk-Free Rate Maturity (in years) Volatility 
 
 Note 10 - 
 active leases for office suites: a short-term lease in California, a long-term lease in Florida set to expire in January 2025, and a long-term lease in Montana, detailed in the subsequent paragraph. The previous long-term California lease expired in August 2024. Termination of any lease is prohibited unless there is a violation under the lease agreement. The Florida lease has payments of per month for the term of the lease. At lease commencement date, the Company estimated the lease liability and the right-of-use assets at present value using the Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate of . 
 In conjunction with the Credova Merger, the Company acquired a lease agreement for its corporate office in Montana which had a commencement date of May 2022 and contains annual rent increases through April 2027. There is no purchase option or transfer of title of the leased premises at the end of the lease. The Company is responsible for all expenses, maintenance and taxes on the leased premises during the lease term. The Company has the option to renew the lease for an additional period at prevailing rental rates at that time. In determining the length of the lease term, the Company did not include the optional renewal as on commencement date that renewal was not probable. At acquisition date, the Company estimated the lease liability and the right-of-use assets at present value using the Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate of . 
 Rent expense under the operating leases included in the results of operations, inclusive of common area maintenance charges and real estate taxes, was approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Lease liabilities: Current lease liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Total lease liabilities Other supplemental information: Weighted average remaining lease term years year Weighted average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 Note 11 - 
 share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Public Warrants ). Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, Colombier completed the private sale of warrants where each warrant allows the holder to purchase share of the Company s common stock at per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Public Warrants and Private Placement warrants outstanding. 
 These warrants expire on the fifth anniversary of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation and are exercisable commencing days after the Business Combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of per warrant; 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable to each warrant holder; and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognized the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value as of the Closing Date, with an offsetting entry to additional paid-in capital and adjusts the carrying value of the instruments to fair value through other income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statement of operations at each reporting period until they are exercised. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants liabilities are presented within warrant liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Note 12 - 
 note purchase agreement for a private placement convertible note for million invested by a board member and his affiliates. The private placement convertible note matures in March 2034. Terms for the note were priced based on notes exchanged as part of the Credova Merger. The Company s stockholders have approved the issuance of the underlying shares as part of the annual stockholder meeting in April 2024 and the funds were received on May 3, 2024. 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an agreement for a million convertible note in a private placement with a board member and affiliates. The funds were received on August 29, 2024. The private placement convertible note matures in August 2034. The note has identical terms to the notes offered in March 2024 (Note 9). 
 In August 2023, the Company and its former Chief Operating Officer Former COO entered into a separation and release of claims agreement (the Separation Agreement providing for the Former COO s departure from his position to pursue other business opportunities. The effective date of the Former COO s departure was August 25, 2023 (the Separation Date ). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the Former COO is entitled to receive continued payment of his 2023 annual base salary for a period of months, subject to his compliance with the Separation Agreement, including a release of claims in favor of the Company, certain restrictive covenants described below and the forfeiture to the Company by the Former COO of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. In addition, the Separation Agreement provides that the Former COO will not be granted further equity of the Company, including restricted stock units or earn-out compensation; however, the Former COO remains eligible to receive certain earn-out compensation as a former shareholder of PublicSq. Inc. Subject to eligibility, the Separation Agreement provides for continued payment by the Company of the Company s share of COBRA premiums for the Former COO s health benefit coverage for a period of up to months following the Separation Date. The Separation Agreement also provides for, among other things, non-disclosure and non-solicitation obligations applicable to the Former COO and mutual non-disparagement obligations. 
 In August 2023, the Company signed a strategic consulting agreement, with a monthly auto-renewal feature thereafter, with a consulting company that is controlled by a board member. The consulting company was engaged by the Company to provide strategic advice and assistance to the Company in connection with capital markets strategy, acquisition strategy, investor relations strategy, and other strategic matters for a fixed fee of per month plus expenses. As of January 1, 2024, the monthly amount was amended from to a month. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has incurred and paid relating to this agreement. Please refer to Note 17 for additional information. In December 2023 the Company entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with the same consulting company to engage the consulting company as an advisor to the Company in connection with the Credova Merger. The term of the Letter Agreement was the earlier of twelve ) months from the date of the agreement or the consummation of the Credova Merger, which occurred on March 13, 2024. As consideration, the consulting company received paid at the closing of the Credova Merger and shares of Class A Common Stock, for a value of , in the Company with respect to the Credova Merger. In April 2024, the Company entered into a second letter agreement (the Second Letter Agreement with the same strategic consulting company to engage the consulting company as an advisor to the Company in connection with potential acquisitions. The term of the Second Letter Agreement was the earlier of twelve ) months from the date of the agreement or the consummation of an acquisition. As consideration, the consulting company will receive of the total consideration paid for an acquisition. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 per month and RSUs that vest at the completion of the consulting agreement. On November 29, 2023, the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with the same board member, through his consulting company. In connection with the execution of the November 2023 consulting agreement, the previous consulting agreement was terminated. Pursuant to the November 2023 consulting agreement, the board member receives per month and was granted RSUs, subject to approval by the Company s board, in connection with consulting services provided to the Company, including in regard to outreach, marketing and growth initiatives for the Company and EveryLife. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, RSUs vested on January 31, 2024, RSUs were to vest on May 3, 2024, and RSUs will vest on November 1, 2024. On February 27, 2024, the November 2023 consulting agreement was amended to reduce the monthly fee from to , and to remove the RSU grant of the RSUs set to vest on May 3, 2024. For the three and nine months September 30, 2024, the Company has expensed and , respectively, and paid approximately and , respectively, relating to this agreement, including travel reimbursements. 
 
 Note 13 -) of the outstanding shares of all classes of Company Common Stock, determined immediately following the closing of the Merger Agreement. 
 (B) an annual increase to be added on the first day of each fiscal year, commencing on January 1, 2024 and continuing for each fiscal year until, and including, January 1, 2033, equal to the lesser of (i) of the outstanding shares of all classes of Company Common Stock on such date and (ii) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock determined by the Board. 
 2023 Employee Stock Purchase plan 
 The purpose of this plan is to provide eligible employees opportunities to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. For this purpose, the Board approved shares of Class A Common Stock, plus an annual increase to be added on the first day of each fiscal year, commencing on January 1, 2024 and continuing for each fiscal year until, and including, January 1, 2033, equal to the least of (i) shares of Class A Common Stock, (ii) of the outstanding shares of all classes of Company common stock, par value per share, on such date and (iii) a number of shares of Class A Common Stock determined by the Board. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 There were no RSUs granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued RSU s under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan to employees, advisors, and board of directors. Each RSU entitles the recipient to one share of our common stock upon vesting. The Company measures the fair value of RSUs using the stock price on the date of grant. 
 Share-based compensation expense for RSUs is recorded ratably over their vesting period. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of March 31, 2024 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of June 30, 2024 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were and RSUs outstanding, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost related to the grant of RSUs was approximately million. Unvested outstanding RSUs as of September 30, 2024 had a weighted average remaining vesting period of . 
 Share based compensation relating to earn-out 
 In accordance with ASC 718, these are awards granted with a market condition. The effect of this market condition was reflected in the grant-date fair value of an award. 
 Volatility Risk free rate of return Expected term (in years) years 
 The Company recorded million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, of share-based compensation expense, related to the earn-out shares. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost related to the earn-out shares was approximately million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million of share-based compensation expense, related to the earn-out shares. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses Research and development Sales and marketing Transaction costs incurred in connection with Credova Merger 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded the following share-based compensation expense, related to RSUs and earn-out shares: 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 Cost of sales General and administrative expenses Research and development Sales and marketing Transaction incurred in connection with the Business Combination 
 
 Note 14 - 
 Liabilities Warrant liabilities - Public Warrants Warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants (1) 
 Earn-out liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities Warrant liabilities - Public Warrants Warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants (1) 
 Earn-out liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 (1) Private Placement Warrants were estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing assumptions related to the contractual term of the instruments, estimated volatility of the price of the Common Stock and current interest rates. 
 (2) The fair value of the earn-out liabilities was estimated using Monte Carlo simulation utilizing assumptions related to the contractual term of the instruments, estimated volatility of the price of the Common Stock and current interest rates. 
 Change in fair value ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 Change in fair value ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 Change in fair value ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 Liability at beginning of the period Assumed in the Business Combination Change in fair value Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 Change in fair value ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 Change in fair value ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 Liability at beginning of the period Assumed in the Business Combination Change in fair value ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 
 Note 15 - 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Brands Product sales Other sales Returns and discounts ) ) ) ) Total Brand revenues, net Financial Technology Direct revenue Interest income on loans Loan and lease contracts sold, net Total Financial Technology revenues, net Total revenues, net 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Segment cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Segment cost of goods sold ) ) Segment gross profit Segment operating costs ) ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) Corporate operating expenses ) Transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions Share-based compensation (exclusive of what is included in transaction costs above) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Other expense, net ) Change in fair value of convertible notes Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Interest expense, net ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Marketplace Brands Financial Technology Total Revenues, net Segment cost of revenues ) ) ) Segment cost of goods sold ) ) Segment gross profit Segment operating costs ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) Corporate operating expenses ) Transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination ) Share-based compensation (exclusive of what is included in transaction costs above) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Other income, net Change in fair value of convertible notes Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Interest expense, net ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Segment cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Segment cost of goods sold ) ) Segment gross profit Segment operating costs ) ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) Corporate operating expenses ) Transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions ) Share-based compensation (exclusive of what is included in transaction costs above) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Other income, net Change in fair value of convertible notes Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Interest expense, net ) Income tax expense ) Net loss ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Marketplace Brands Financial Technology Total Revenues, net Segment cost of revenues ) ) ) Segment cost of goods sold ) ) Segment gross profit Segment operating costs ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) Corporate operating expenses ) Transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination ) Share-based compensation (exclusive of what is included in transaction costs above) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Other income, net Change in fair value of convertible notes ) Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Interest expense, net ) Income tax expense ) Net loss ) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Note 16 - 
 advertising agreement with a media group for the purpose of promoting the Company and its services on a national platform. In connection with this agreement, the Company has committed to pay million in equal installments of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has completed of the installments, for total amount paid of million. 
 In June 2024, the Company entered into a advertising agreement with an independent media company for the purpose of promoting the Company and its services on a national platform. In connection with this agreement, the Company has committed to pay million in equal installments of million. The Company canceled this contract in August 2024, and has no further commitments related to this agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had completed installments, for total amount paid of million. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company s subsidiary, Credova, which the Company acquired on March 13, 2024, is responding to inquiries from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) regarding Credova s lease products. In connection with this, the CFPB informed Credova that it is authorized to pursue a resolution or file an enforcement action, and has suggested certain injunctive relief. No assurance can be given that a settlement will be reached or about the terms of any such settlement. At this time the Company is unable to state the exact nature of any relief that might be sought in any such action or resolution, including monetary relief or penalties, if any. 
 From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Company may be subject to various claims, charges, and litigation. At September 30, 2024, except as described in the preceding paragraph, the Company did not have any pending claims, charges or litigation that were expected to have a material adverse impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Note 17 - 
 million in deferred revenue and prepayments for expenses of million in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets with the intent they would be recognized in October 2024. Due to the cancellation, the related cash proceeds were returned to customers/merchants and approximately million, or , of the related cash disbursements were returned to the Company. 
 On October 16, 2024, the Company amended the November 2023 consulting agreement referenced in Note 12 to reduce the monthly fee from to . The monthly fee for October 2024 was prorated, and the full reduction in the fee will be effective November 1, 2024 
 On October 22, 2024, the Company completed the implementation of a strategic plan (the Strategic Plan to streamline the organization, reducing staff by over and focusing on the people critical to the Company s B2B focused sales and marketing positioning going forward. The Company expects a non-recurring charge for severance of million, in addition to one month of COBRA estimated to total for those electing to utilize it, primarily incurred in the fourth quarter of 2024. The Company may incur additional costs not currently contemplated due to events associated with or resulting from the Strategic Plan. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million of Class A common stock at per share with investors: (i) an affiliate of a PSQH board member, (ii), a party related to a PSQH board member and executive officer, and (ii) an unaffiliated accredited investor (the Purchasers ). The purchase price was slightly in excess of the average closing price of the Company s stock on the New York Stock Exchange. The Purchasers also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the PIPE Registration Rights Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which, among other things, require the Company to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares within a certain period after the closing of the PIPE Purchase Agreement. The PIPE Purchase Agreement also contained a lock-up provision pursuant to which, for a period of months after the closing of the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the shares will be subject to trading restrictions and the Purchasers will be restricted from selling short or hedging PSQ securities subject to certain exceptions. 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company officially launched the PublicSquare Payments platform. On November 4, 2024, the first merchant transaction was successfully processed through the Company's proprietary gateway, leveraging an independent token vault and global scale processors. 
 
 day termination notice regarding the strategic consulting agreement with a consulting company that is controlled by a board member. The Company expects the monthly fee starting December 1, 2024, to be significantly less than the previous monthly fee of . 

33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes hereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2024. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in any subsequent filing we make with the SEC. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to PSQ, we , us , our , and the Company are intended to refer to (i) following the Business Combination, the business and operations of PSQ Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and (ii) prior to the Business Combination, Private PSQ (the predecessor entity in existence prior to the consummation of the Business Combination) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, the future financial performance of the company, our growth plans and opportunities, our financial performance, our ability to raise additional funds, and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which are incorporated by reference herein. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable law. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
 
 Overview 
 PSQ Holdings, Inc. (collectively PublicSquare , PSQ , PSQH or the Company is a commerce and payments ecosystem, valuing life, family, and liberty. PublicSquare operates under three segments: Marketplace, Financial Technology, and Brands Marketplace , Financial Technology , and Brands ). The primary mission of the Marketplace segment is to help consumers shop their values and put purpose behind their purchases. PublicSquare leverages data and insights from the Marketplace to assess its customers needs and provide wholly-owned quality financial products and brands. PublicSquare s Financial Technology segment comprises Credova, a consumer financing and payments company. PublicSquare s Brands segment comprises EveryLife, a premium direct-to-consumer D2C life-affirming baby products company and PSQLink, LLC ("PSQLink"), a digital marketing and customer relationship management ("CRM") platform. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We incorporated PSQ Holdings, Inc. in February of 2021, began development of our digital platform (mobile app and website) in May 2021 and launched our initial product regionally in San Diego County, California in October 2021 on iOS, Android and on our website. After 10 months of testing in various markets and courting member feedback, we launched the PSQ platform (the Platform nationwide on July 4, 2022. 
 On February 23, 2023, we completed a stock-for-stock transaction to purchase 100 of the outstanding shares of EveryLife, Inc. EveryLife ), a Delaware corporation, in exchange for 1,071,229 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Private PSQ Private PSQ Common Stock ). 
 On July 19, 2023, in accordance with the plan of arrangement to reorganize PSQ Holdings. Inc, the Company finalized a business combination (the Business Combination with Colombier Acquisition Corp. Colombier ). On closing, the common shares of PSQ Holdings Inc. were listed on the New York Stock Exchange and commenced trading under the symbol NYSE:PSQH . 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Credova Merger Agreement with Cello Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub and, together with PSQ, the Buyer Parties ), Credova Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Credova ), and Samuel L. Paul, in the capacity as the Seller Representative in accordance with the terms of the Credova Merger Agreement Credova Merger ). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Private Placement 
 On March 13, 2024, we entered into a note purchase agreement for a 9.75 private placement convertible note for 10.0 million invested by a board member and his affiliates. Terms for the note were priced based on notes exchanged as part of the Credova transaction. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the underlying shares as part of our annual stockholder meeting in April 2024 and the funds were received May 3, 2024. 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an agreement for a 10.0 million convertible note in a private placement with a board member and affiliates. Funds were received August 29, 2024. The note has identical terms to the notes offered in March 2024. 
 Credova Acquisition 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company acquired Credova. 
 Credova assists consumers, lenders, and retailers in offering point-of-sale financing products. Credova has developed and maintains an internet-based proprietary retail finance platform and related application programming interfaces APIs through which Credova, certain Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and National Credit Union Administration NCUA insured financial institutions, and other financial institutions authorized by Credova (each a Financing Partner ), and merchants can dynamically offer certain financing products (collectively, the Services ). 
 As consideration for the Credova Merger, Credova stockholders received 2,920,993 newly-issued shares of Class A Common Stock (the Consideration Shares ). A number of Consideration Shares equal to ten percent (10 of the Consideration Shares (the Escrow Shares was placed in an escrow account for indemnity claims made under the Credova Merger Agreement. Assuming they are not subject to indemnity claims, the Escrow Shares remaining in escrow upon the 12-month anniversary of the Closing will be released and distributed pro rata to the former stockholders of Credova. 
 The acquisition of Credova was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations ("ASC 805"). As the acquirer for accounting purposes, the Company had estimated assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, with the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired recognized as goodwill. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Promissory Note Exchange 
 Prior to the Credova acquisition, Credova, PSQ and certain holders of outstanding subordinated notes Subdebt Notes issued by Credova (the Participating Noteholders entered into a Note Exchange Agreement (the Note Exchange Agreement pursuant to which, immediately prior to closing the Credova acquisition, the Participating Noteholders delivered their Subdebt Notes of Credova for cancellation, in exchange for newly-issued replacement notes issued by PSQ, convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock (the Replacement Notes ). The Replacement Notes have 9.75 simple interest per annum and ten-year maturity dates. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Replacement Notes, at any time after the Closing, Participating Noteholders may elect to convert their Replacement Notes into a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of the Replacement Note to be converted plus accrued and unpaid interest by (y) 4.63641, subject to adjustment for stock splits and other similar transactions (the Conversion Price ). At any time, the Company may call the Replacement Notes for a cash amount equal to accrued interest plus (i) between the Closing and the first anniversary of the Closing, 120 of the then outstanding principal amount, (ii) between the first anniversary and the second anniversary of the Closing, 105 of the then outstanding principal amount and (iii) after the second anniversary of the Closing, the then outstanding principal amount of the Replacement Note. Further, the Replacement Notes permit the Company, in its discretion, to require conversion of the Replacement Notes into shares of Class A Common Stock if the daily volume-weighted average trading price of the Company Class A Common Stock exceeds 140 of the Conversion Price on each of at least ten consecutive trading days during the twenty trading day period prior to notice of such required conversion. 
 
 Key Business Metrics and Selected Financial Data 
 We use the following key metrics and non-GAAP measures to evaluate our performance, identify trends affecting our business, and make strategic decisions: 
 Segment Revenue (see discussion below in Results of Operations 
 Adjusted EBITDA (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA); and 
 Gross Merchandise Volume GMV of Financial Technology Segment. 
 For GMV, these metrics are based on internal company data, assumptions, and estimates and are used in managing our business. We believe that these figures are reasonable estimates, and we actively take measures to improve their accuracy, such as eliminating known fictitious or duplicate accounts. There are, however, inherent challenges in gathering accurate data across large online and mobile populations. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as earnings (loss) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization, as adjusted to exclude change in fair value of our financial instruments, other income (expense), net, transaction expenses and share-based compensation expense. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of GAAP net loss to adjusted EBITDA. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 GMV of Financial Technology Segment 
 In addition to revenue, net loss, adjusted EBITDA, and other results under U.S. GAAP, the following table sets forth key operating metrics we use to evaluate our Financial Technology segment. The information below represents proforma information as if the Credova Merger closed on January 1, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Gross merchandise volume GMV 15,532,649 14,133,498 10 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Gross merchandise volume GMV 45,703,460 40,074,958 14 
 We measure GMV to assess the volume of transactions that take place on our platform. We define GMV as the total dollar amount of all transactions generated from the Financial Technology segment during the applicable period, net of refunds. GMV does not represent revenue earned by us; however, it is an indicator of the success of our merchants and the strength of our platform. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, GMV was 15.5 million and 45.7 million, respectively, which represented an approximate change of 10 and 14 , respectively, as compared to the same period in 2023. Overall, the increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in GMV was primarily driven by and expanding active merchant base and growth in active consumers, complemented by heightened sales related to election year demand in the firearm segment. Additionally, the increase reflects stronger consumer adoption of our bank-originated financial product. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our GMV growth aligned with broader industry patterns historically seen in federal election cycles. According to the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), there were no month-over-month increases in background checks from December 2023 until July 2024, highlighting a market trend correlated with election-year activity that positively impacted GMV. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our top five merchants and platform partners represented approximately 43 and 42 of total GMV, respectively, as compared to 46 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 52 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. GMV attributable to our largest merchant during both the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represented 16 and 16 , respectively, of total GMV, compared to 20 and 18 for the same period in 2023. The shift in volume from our top five merchants demonstrates healthy diversification in our merchant portfolio and highlights our success in broadening our revenue base. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net loss was 13.1 million and 20.2 million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net loss was 36.9 million and 47.6 million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net loss decreased 7.1 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to a gain of 2.2 million relating to the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities. This is offset by a 1.7 million increase in our operating loss due to the expansion of the business. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our net loss decreased 10.7 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the fact that in 2023 there was a 14.6 million loss for the change in fair value of the convertible promissory notes and in 2024 there was a gain of 7.5 million relating to the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities. This is offset by a 17.9 million increase in our operating loss due to the expansion of the business. Following the completion of the Strategic Plan to streamline the organization in October 2024, reducing staff by over 35 and focusing on the people critical to the Company s B2B focused sales and marketing positioning going forward, our expenses will decline and operations will become more concentrated. We have not been profitable since inception. As of September 30, 2024, our accumulated deficit was 99.2 million. Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through financing activities. 
 Revenues, net 
 We generate revenues from our three segments: Marketplace, Brands and Financial Technology; a summary of each is described below. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Marketplace 
 Our advertising revenues are derived from short-term, typically multi-month, fixed price contracts for advertising subscription arrangements. Revenues from subscription contracts are recognized using the over-time method of revenue recognition. Accordingly, we recognize revenues over-time as the advertisements are displayed over the subscription period and the service is being consumed by the business member simultaneously over the period of service. Over-time revenue recognition is based on an input measure of progress. Each advertisement has a contractual revenue value and an estimated cost. The over-time revenue is recognized over the contract term as the Company performs on its performance obligation. 
 Additionally, we recognize advertising revenue from push notifications and email blasts at the point of delivery. Push notifications and email blasts are considered delivered when an advertisement is displayed to users. 
 In June 2024, the Company launched its cost per mille CPM advertising model. The advertising revenue related to CPM is recognized based on the number of impressions received based on advertising on websites or mobile device applications or as the advertiser s previously agreed-upon performance criteria are satisfied. 
 E-commerce revenue is generated from the Platform. The Platform features a single cart shopping experience where consumers can purchase a variety of products from multiple vendors in one transaction. The Company is not the seller of record in these transactions. The commissions revenue earned from these arrangements are recognized at the point of sale on a net basis, which equates to the commission and processing fees earned in exchange for the seller marketplace services. 
 In the future, in addition to greater levels of advertising revenue expected as a result of the growth of our marketplace, we also expect to realize increased amounts of business-to-business B2B revenue and e-commerce transactional revenue as we expand our business operations into those areas. 
 Brands 
 Our brand revenues have been derived primarily from our sale of products and services. 
 In July 2023, the Company launched the EveryLife business and began to generate revenue through the sale of diapers and wipes to consumers by way of the EveryLife s website. In November 2023, EveryLife s products became available for purchase on the Platform. The Company considers customer orders to be the contracts with the customer. There is a single performance obligation, which is the Company s promise to transfer the Company s product to customers based on specific payment and shipping terms in the arrangement. 
 PSQLink generates recurring software as a service SaaS revenues through B2B sales by providing its customers with a digital marketing and CRM tool. 
 Financial Technology 
 The Company principally generates financing revenue from four activities: revenue from sale of loan and lease contracts, revenue from interest earned on loans, and revenue from retailer discounts and origination fees paid by lending institutions (direct revenue) earned in connection with providing financing on consumer goods. Revenue from the Company s sales of loan and lease contracts is recognized at a point in time when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the leases to a third party. Revenue from loans and leases is recognized over time when the Company satisfies a performance obligation based on the agreed upon financing terms. Interest on loans is calculated by the simple-interest method on daily balances of the principal amount outstanding. Revenue from retailer discounts is recognized at a point in time when the Company satisfies performance obligations by purchasing the contract from the merchant in connection with a merchant-originated consumer financing product. Origination fees from lenders are recognized at time of loan origination. 
 For a description of our revenue recognition policies, see Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Cost of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) consists of the direct costs incurred in building and running the Platform, as well as underwriting and transaction costs related to our Financial Technology segment. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Goods Sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) includes the purchase price of merchandise sold to customers, inbound and outbound shipping and handling costs, freight and duties, shipping and packaging supplies and warehouse fulfillment costs incurred. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses primarily include general and administrative, sales and marketing, research and development, and depreciation and amortization. The most significant component of our operating expenses is personnel-related costs such as salaries, benefits, share-based and variable compensation. We expect our personnel-related costs as a percentage of total costs to decrease over time. 
 As we focus on cost-saving measures including resource reduction and reallocation, we anticipate that each of the following categories of operating expenses will decrease in absolute dollar amounts and decline as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel, as well as the costs of information technology, professional services, insurance, travel, and other administrative expenses. We expect to continue incurring expenses associated with operating as a public company, including legal, audit, tax and accounting costs, investor relations costs, insurance premiums and compliance costs. As a result of cost-saving measures, we expect that general and administrative expenses will decrease in absolute dollars in future periods and decline as a percentage of total revenue over time. Our inability to scale our expenses could negatively impact profitability. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, consultant fees, commissions, and direct marketing costs related to the promotion of PSQ s platforms/solutions and certain costs related to the acquisition of both consumer and business members on the Platform. As a result, we expect that sales and marketing expenses will decrease in absolute dollars in future periods as we scale back paid marketing efforts and focus on monetizing current customer base, and decline as a percentage of total revenue over time. Our inability to scale our expenses could negatively impact profitability. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits and consultant fees related to our development activities to originate, develop, and enhance the Platform and build the PublicSquare Payments ecosystem. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of amortization of capitalized software development costs. 
 Non-Operating Income and Other Items 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 Other (expense) income, net primarily relates to interest income earned on the money market account and the write-off of an other receivable for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 
 Changes in the fair value of the convertible promissory notes are recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The convertible promissory notes represent a financial instrument other than an outstanding share that embodies a conditional obligation that the issuer must or may settle by issuing a variable number of its equity shares. We record the convertible promissory notes liability at its fixed monetary amount by measuring and recording a premium, as applicable, on the convertible promissory notes issuance date with a charge to expense. The convertible promissory notes were converted to equity at the close of the Business Combination. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities 
 Changes in the fair value of earn-out liabilities are recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The earn-out liabilities represent a financial instrument other than an outstanding share that embodies a conditional obligation that the issuer must or may settle by issuing a variable number of its equity shares. We record the earn-out liability at its fair value at each reporting period. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities are recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The warrant liabilities represent a financial instrument other than an outstanding share that embodies a conditional obligation that the issuer must or may settle by issuing a variable number of its equity shares. We record the warrant liabilities at its fair value at each reporting period. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense incurred consists of interest accrued on revolving line of credit and convertible promissory notes issued. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States, but due to our net operating loss NOL position, we have recognized a minimal provision or benefit in recent years. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have established a full valuation allowance to offset our U.S. net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from our NOL carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 which can be found elsewhere in this document. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the dollar and percentage change between the two periods: 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance ) Variance ) Revenues, net 6,540,112 2,030,900 4,509,212 222 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense shown below) 609,270 569,502 39,768 7 Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense shown below) 1,771,109 903,672 867,437 96 Transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination 3,309,597 (3,309,597) (100) General and administrative 12,295,934 4,311,199 7,984,735 185 Sales and marketing 4,607,708 3,670,309 937,399 26 Research and development 973,544 1,486,069 (512,525) (34) Depreciation and amortization 975,090 759,745 215,345 28 Total costs and expenses 21,232,655 15,010,093 6,222,562 41 Operating loss (14,692,543) (12,979,193) (1,713,350) 13 Other income (expense): Other (expense) income, net (45,683) 119,957 (165,640) (138) Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes NM Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities 170,000 450,000 (280,000) (62) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 2,175,000 (7,783,000) 9,958,000 (128) Interest expense, net (756,760) (46,690) (710,070) 1521 Loss before income taxes (13,149,986) (20,238,926) 7,088,940 (35) Income tax benefit (expense) 12,437 262 12,175 4647 Net loss (13,137,549) (20,238,664) 7,101,115 (35) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance ) Variance ) Revenues, net 15,991,229 2,938,641 13,052,588 444 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense shown below) 1,738,729 1,189,440 549,289 46 Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense shown below) 4,601,360 903,672 3,697,688 409 Transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination 7,048,177 (7,048,177) (100) General and administrative 33,552,605 7,448,015 26,104,590 350 Sales and marketing 14,380,677 6,739,149 7,641,528 113 Research and development 3,147,296 3,310,943 (163,647) (5) Depreciation and amortization 2,202,561 2,004,319 198,242 10 Total costs and expenses 59,623,228 28,643,715 30,979,513 108 Operating loss (43,631,999) (25,705,074) (17,926,925) 70 Other income (expense): Other (expense) income, net 110,295 173,644 (63,349) (36) Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes (14,571,109) 14,571,109 (100) Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities 510,000 450,000 60,000 13 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 7,497,500 (7,783,000) 15,280,500 (196) Interest expense, net (1,434,241) (210,545) (1,223,696) 581 Loss before income taxes (36,948,445) (47,646,084) 10,697,639 (22) Income tax benefit (expense) (1,181) (1,527) 346 (23) Net loss (36,949,626) (47,647,611) 10,697,985 (22) 
 NM - Percentage change not meaningful. 
 Revenues, net 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues, net: Marketplace Advertising and e-commerce sales 717,692 875,546 2,389,801 1,783,287 Brands Product sales 2,824,540 1,387,951 7,653,505 1,387,951 Other sales 18,789 37,527 Returns and discounts (228,317) (232,597) (642,037) (232,597) Total Brand revenues, net 2,615,012 1,155,354 7,048,995 1,155,354 Financial Technology Direct revenue 1,150,951 2,272,818 Interest income on loans 749,199 1,850,115 Loan and lease contracts sold, net 1,307,258 2,429,500 Total Financial Technology revenues, net 3,207,408 6,552,433 Total revenues, net 6,540,112 2,030,900 15,991,229 2,938,641 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues, net increased by 4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by an increase in Brands sales of 1.5 million, a decrease in Marketplace sales by 0.2 million, and the Credova Merger accounted for an additional 3.2 million in revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Revenues, net increased by 13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by an increase in product sales and e-commerce of 6.5 million and the Credova Merger accounted for an additional 6.6 million revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased by 0.04 million, or 7 , and 0.5 million, or 46 , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly due to an increase in personnel expenses. 
 Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased by 0.9 million, or 96 and 3.7 million, or 409 , respectively, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly due to the sale of products. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense increased by 8.0 million, or 185 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to a 1.6 million increase in staffing-related costs, 3.4 million in share-based compensation expense, and 3.0 million increase in other administrative expenses, which include accounting, legal, and other administrative services. 
 General and administrative expense increased by 26.1 million, or 350 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 7.7 million increase in staffing-related costs, 10.3 million of share-based compensation expense, 3.3 million of professional services and 4.6 million increase in other administrative expenses, which include insurance, rent, utilities, and other administrative services. 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 0.9 million, or 26 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to 1 million of share-based compensation expense and 0.9 million increase in other marketing and public relation activities offset by a reduction in contractors and commissions of 1 million. 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 7.6 million, or 113 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to 4.5 million of share-based compensation expense and a 3.1 million increase in other marketing and public relation activities. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expense decreased by 0.5 million, or 34 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to increased capitalization of expenditures related to the development of operating software. 
 Research and development expense decreased by 0.2 million, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to increased capitalization of expenditures related to the development of operating software. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 0.2 million, or 28 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily related to the amortization of version 2.0 of the Platform along with amortization of the loan receivable. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 0.2 million, or 10 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily related to the amortization of version 2.0 of the Platform along with amortization of the loan receivable. 
 Other (Expense) Income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net changed by 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, is primarily due to interest income earned on the money market accounts partially offset by a write-off of an other receivable. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net increased by 0.7 million and 1.2 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to the interest payable in relation to the convertible promissory notes recorded as of the reporting date, along with interest paid on the Revolving Line of Credit. 
 Change in Fair Value of Convertible Promissory Notes 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes was zero for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to zero and 14.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in fair value of convertible promissory notes represents the premium recorded on the convertible promissory note s date with a charge to expense. The convertible promissory notes were converted to equity at the close of the Business Combination. 
 Change in Fair Value of Earn-out Liabilities 
 Changes in the fair value of earn-out liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a gain of 0.2 million and 0.5 million, respectively, compared to a gain of 0.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The gain was due to a decrease in the fair value of the earn-out liabilities at each reporting period. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 Changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a gain of 2.2 million and 7.5 million, respectively, compared to a loss of 7.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to a decrease in fair value of the warrant liabilities from December 31, 2023 through September 30, 2024. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 Income tax expense increased by an insignificant amount for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been funds from financing activities. We have reported net losses of 36.9 million and 47.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had negative cash flows from operations of 27.1 million and 18.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had aggregate unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, of 4.7 million and 16.4 million and net working capital of 7.5 million and 17.2 million, respectively. 
 On October 24, 2024, the Company closed a private investment in public equity transaction PIPE pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement PIPE Purchase Agreement dated October 22, 2024, for the purchase of 5.35 million of Class A common stock at 2.70 per share with three investors: (i) an affiliate of a PSQH board member, (ii), a party related to a PSQH board member and executive officer, and (ii) an unaffiliated accredited investor (the Purchasers (see Note 17 for additional information). 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our Board of Directors and executive team have outlined a plan to improve the Company s cash position which involves a variety of cash management initiatives. These initiatives include reduction and reallocation of resources to more profitable segments of the business and reducing corporate operating expenses. The reduction of resources included a staff reduction of 35 performed in October 2024, which resulted in expected future savings of 11.0 million, along with terminating or reducing contractor and consulting agreements. Additionally, the plan considers further options such as completing a capital raise, entering into a revolving line of credit agreement, and refining inventory purchase timing which will reduce excess stock levels. 
 We believe that, as a result of these initiatives, along with our existing cash and cash equivalents and the cash flow from the Brands and Financial Technology segments, the Company will be able to fund operations and capital needs for the next year from the date these condensed consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our revenue growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support further sales and marketing and research and development efforts. In order to finance these opportunities, we may need to raise additional financing. While there can be no assurances, the Company may need to pursue issuances of additional equity raises and debt rounds of financing. If additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table shows our cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods: 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Net cash used in operating activities (27,127,434) (18,412,328) (8,715,106) Net cash used in investing activities (949,390) (1,866,087) 916,697 Net cash provided by financing activities 17,306,560 43,203,919 (25,897,359) 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 27.1 million compared to 18.4 million used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used in operating activities was due to an overall increase in operating expenses, resulting in an increased operating loss of 17.9 million. This was partially offset by an increase in non-cash expenses for share based compensation and change in fair value warrant liabilities of 14.8 million and 15.3 million, respectively. Also offsetting this was a decrease in cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of 5.8 million. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.9 million as compared to 1.9 million the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash used by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to 2.8 million of software development costs offset by 1.7 million net loans held for investment. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 17.3 million as compared to 43.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to proceeds from the issuance of the convertible note payable of 20.0 million offset by repayments on the line of credit of 2.2 million, compared to 22.5 million of proceeds received for convertible notes payable, 18.1 million of proceeds from the reverse recapitalization, and 2.6 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The non-GAAP financial measures below have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP and should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, GAAP results. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as indicators of our operating performance, liquidity or cash flows generated by operating, investing and financing activities, as there may be significant factors or trends that they fail to address. We caution investors that non-GAAP financial information, by its nature, departs from traditional accounting conventions. Therefore, its use can make it difficult to compare our current results with our results from other reporting periods and with the results of other companies. 
 Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures, in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, as an integral part of managing our business and to, among other things: (i) monitor and evaluate the performance of our business operations and financial performance; (ii) facilitate internal comparisons of the historical operating performance of our business operations; (iii) facilitate external comparisons of the results of our overall business to the historical operating performance of other companies that may have different capital structures and debt levels; (iv) review and assess the operating performance of our management team; (v) analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning decisions regarding future operating investments; and (vi) plan for and prepare future annual operating budgets and determine appropriate levels of operating investments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as net earnings (loss) before interest and other expenses, net, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted to exclude change in fair value of our financial instruments, other income (expense), net, transaction expenses and share-based compensation expense. We utilize adjusted EBITDA as an internal performance measure in the management of our operations because we believe the exclusion of these non-cash and non-recurring charges allow for a more relevant comparison of our results of operations to other companies in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA should not be viewed as a substitute for net loss calculated in accordance with GAAP, and other companies may define adjusted EBITDA differently. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA to net loss for the periods presented: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (13,137,549) (20,238,664) (36,949,626) (47,647,611) Excluding: Interest expense, net 756,760 46,690 1,434,241 210,545 Income tax (benefit) expense (12,437) (262) 1,181 1,527 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 14,571,109 Change in fair value of earn-out liabilities (170,000) (450,000) (510,000) (450,000) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (2,175,000) 7,783,000 (7,497,500) 7,783,000 Other expense (income), net 45,683 (119,957) (110,295) (173,644) Depreciation and amortization 975,090 759,745 2,202,561 2,004,319 Share-based compensation (exclusive of what is shown above in transaction costs) 5,796,823 1,185,089 15,967,598 1,185,089 Transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions 3,309,597 2,295,502 7,048,177 Corporate operating expenses 3,503,643 3,774,266 11,937,517 8,230,417 Adjusted EBITDA (4,416,987) (3,950,496) (11,228,821) (7,237,072) 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, balance sheet, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving our management s judgments and estimates. Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our balance sheet and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three-month and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 included elsewhere in this report. Our critical accounting policies are described below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 [1] Marketplace Revenues 
 E-commerce revenues 
 The Platform features a single cart shopping experience where consumers can purchase a variety of products from multiple vendors in one transaction. The Company is not the seller of record in these transactions. The commission revenue earned from these arrangements is recognized on a net basis, which equates to the commission and processing fees earned in exchange for the seller marketplace services. The commission and processing fees are recognized net of estimated refunds when the corresponding transaction is confirmed by the buyer and seller. The Company does not take title to inventory sold or assume risk of loss at any point in time during the transaction and is authorized to collect consideration from the buyer and remit net consideration to the seller to facilitate the processing of the confirmed purchase transaction. The Company currently records processing fees from its merchant service providers as a component of Cost of sales - services on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 Advertising services 
 The Company enters into advertising subscription arrangements with its customers. Revenue is recognized over-time as the ads are displayed over the subscription period. The Company is providing a service and the service is being consumed by the customer simultaneously over the period of service. In general, the Company reports advertising revenue on a gross basis, since the Company controls the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to customers. 
 The Company also sells push notifications and email blasts and recognizes revenue at a point in time when delivered. Push notifications and email blasts are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to users. When a customer enters into an advertising subscription arrangement that includes push notifications and/or email blasts, the Company allocates a portion of the total consideration to the push notification and email blast performance obligations based on the residual approach. 
 In June 2024, the Company launched its cost per mille CPM advertising model. The advertising revenue related to CPM is recognized based on the number of impressions received based on advertising on websites or mobile device applications or as the advertiser s previously agreed-upon performance criteria are satisfied. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 [2] Brand Revenues 
 Product sales 
 The Company generates revenue through the sale of diapers and wipes to consumers by way of the Company s Platform and EveryLife s website. Additionally, EveryLife provides discounted products to non-profit organizations through bulk sales. The Company considers customer orders to be the contracts with the customer. There is a single performance obligation, which is the Company s promise to transfer its product to customers based on specific payment and shipping terms in the arrangement. The entire transaction price is allocated to this single performance obligation. Product revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of the product, which occurs at shipment. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products. 
 The Company evaluated principal versus agent considerations to determine whether it is appropriate to record third-party logistics provider fees paid as an expense. These fees are recorded as shipping and handling expenses within cost of goods sold and are not recorded as a reduction of revenue because the Company owns and controls all the goods before they are transferred to the customer. The Company can, at any time, direct the third-party logistics provider to return the Company s inventories to any location specified by the Company. It is the Company s responsibility to process any returns made by customers directly to logistic providers and the Company retains the back-end inventory risk. Further, the Company is subject to credit risk (i.e., credit card chargebacks), establishes prices of its products, fulfills the goods to the customer and can limit quantities or stop selling the goods at any time. 
 Product Returns 
 Consistent with industry practice, the Company generally offers customers a limited right of return for products purchased. The Company reviews its receivables quarterly and records a reserve, if necessary. 
 B2B Sales 
 PSQLink generates revenues through B2B sales by providing its customers with a digital marketing and CRM platform. 
 [3] Financial Technology Revenues 
 Financing Revenues 
 The Company principally generates revenue from four activities: revenue from sale of loan and lease contracts, revenue from interest earned on loans, revenue from retailer discounts, and origination fees paid by lending institutions (direct revenue) earned in connection with providing financing on consumer goods. Revenue from the Company s sales of loans and leases is recognized at a point in time when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the loans and leases to a third party. Interest on loans is calculated by the simple-interest method on daily balances of the principal amount outstanding. Revenue from retailer discounts is recognized at a point in time when the Company satisfies performance obligations by purchasing the contract from the merchant in connection with a merchant-originated consumer financing product. Origination fees from lenders are recognized at time of loan origination. 
 Loans Held for Investment, Net 
 Loans are unsecured and are stated at the amount of unpaid principal. Interest on loans is calculated by the simple-interest method on daily balances of the principal amount outstanding. Accrued interest on loans is discontinued when management believes that, after considering collection efforts and economic and business conditions, the collection of interest is doubtful. The Company s policy is to stop accruing interest when the loan becomes 120 days delinquent. 
 All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on nonaccrual status or subsequently charged-off is reversed against interest income. Income is subsequently recognized on the cash basis until, in management s judgment, the borrower s ability to make periodic principal and interest payments returns and future payments are reasonably assured, in which case the loan is returned to accrual status. The Company classifies its loans as either current or past due. Amounts are considered past due if a scheduled payment is not paid on its due date. The Company does not modify the terms of its existing loans with customers. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Held for Investment 
 The Company identifies its portfolio segments and measures the allowance for credit losses based on similar economic risk characteristics The allowance for credit losses for each portfolio is determined based on our current estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining contractual term, adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate, and incorporates evaluations of known and inherent risks in our portfolio, historical credit losses, consumer payment trends, estimates of recoveries, current economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans evaluated individually are not included in the collective evaluation. 
 Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and acquired intangible assets recorded in the Company s financial statements result from both business combinations. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized as it is estimated to have an indefinite life. As such, goodwill is subject to an annual impairment test. 
 The Company allocates goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. Reporting units are evaluated when changes in the Company s operating structure occur, and if necessary, goodwill is reassigned using a relative fair value allocation approach. The Company operates in one operating segment, and this segment is the only reporting unit. 
 ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 requires goodwill to be tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company elects to perform an annual impairment test of goodwill as of December 31 of each year. The accounting guidance gives the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. The qualitative assessment considers events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative test is performed. 
 Separately acquired intangible assets are measured on initial recognition at cost including directly attributable costs. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are measured at fair value at the acquisition date. Acquired identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the respective asset. Each period the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful lives of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the intangible asset may be impaired. 
 Capitalized Software 
 The Company capitalizes costs related to the development of its internal accounting software and certain projects for internal use in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software ("ASC 350-40"). The Company capitalizes costs to develop its mobile application and website when preliminary development efforts are successfully completed, management has authorized and committed project funding, and it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used as intended. Costs incurred during the preliminary planning and evaluation stage of the project and during the post implementation operational stage, including maintenance, are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional functionality are capitalized and expensed over the estimated useful life of the upgrades on a per project basis. Amortization is computed on an individual product basis over the estimated economic life of the product using the straight-line method. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Warrant Liabilities 
 The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including issued share purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic, ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815-40 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The Company accounts for the Public Warrants (as defined in Note 11) and the Private Placement Warrants (collectively, with the Public Warrants, the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjusts the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 
 Share Based Compensation 
 The Company recognizes an expense for share-based compensation awards based on the estimated fair value of the award on the date of grant. 
 The Company accounts for share-based compensation under the provisions of ASC Topic 718. As noted above, ASC Topic 718 requires that share-based payment transactions with employees and non-employees, in certain cases, be recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements based on their fair value. 
 Income Taxes 
 We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by applying the statutory tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences between the financial reporting and tax filing bases of existing assets and liabilities are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. 
 We utilize a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain income tax positions (tax contingencies). The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We make estimates, assumptions and judgments to determine the provision for income taxes and also for deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets. Actual future operating results and the underlying amount and type of income could differ materially from our estimates, assumptions and judgments thereby impacting the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
 Business Combinations 
 The Company evaluates whether acquired net assets should be accounted for as a business combination or an asset acquisition by first applying a screen test to determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If so, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. If not, the Company applies its judgment to determine whether the acquired net assets meet the definition of a business by considering if the set includes an acquired input, process, and the ability to create outputs. 
 The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when it has obtained control. The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the fair value of any non-controlling interest recognized, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured at their fair value as of the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issuance of debt or equity securities, that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Any contingent consideration Earn-out liabilities is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. For contingent consideration that does not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such contingent consideration is required to be recorded at the initial fair value at the acquisition date and on each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of liability-classified contingent consideration are recognized on the consolidated statements of operations in the period of change. 
 When the initial accounting for a business combination has not been finalized by the end of the reporting period in which the transaction occurs, the Company reports provisional amounts. Provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period, which does not exceed one year from the acquisition date. These adjustments, or recognition of additional assets or liabilities, reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognized at that date. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of that date, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, including controls surrounding the preparation of the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 
 Management intends to implement remediation steps to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we intend to expand and improve our review process for complex transactions. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications, and onboarding of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company had onboarded additional staff with requisite experience as accounting professionals, as well as identified and retained third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications. Management believes these actions will enhance our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Except as noted above, and in the preceding two sentences, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Refer Note 16 in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2023) 
 4.1 Form of Private Placement 9.75 Convertible Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2024). 
 10.1 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 1, 2024, by and among Credova SPV I, LLC, PFM Credit Recovery Fund I, LLC and OHPC LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2024). 
 10.2 Form of Amendment to Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2024, by and between PSQ Holdings, Inc. and each person named on the signature page thereto. 
 10.3 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and between PSQ Holdings, Inc. and Fountain Ripple V, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2024). 
 10.4 Private Placement Registration Rights Agreement, by and between PSQ Holdings, Inc. and Fountain Ripple V, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2024). 
 10.5 Private Placement Note Purchaser Lock-Up Agreement, by and between PSQ Holdings, Inc. and Fountain Ripple V, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2024). 
 10.6 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2024, by and among the Company and the Purchasers signed thereto. 
 10.7 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2024, by and among the Company and the Purchasers signed thereto. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit). 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Schedules and similar attachments to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Registration S-K. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PSQ Holdings, Inc. Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Michael Seifert Name: Michael Seifert Title: President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Bradley Searle Name: Bradley Searle Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 54 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 psqh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 psqh-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 psqh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 psqh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 psqh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 psqh-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael Seifert, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PSQ Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Michael Seifert Michael Seifert 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 psqh-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bradley Searle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PSQ Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Bradley Searle Bradley Searle 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 psqh-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Michael Seifert Michael Seifert 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chairman of the Board 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 psqh-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PSQ Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Bradley Searle Bradley Searle Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

