<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241203_10-Q_edgar_data_2024459_0001213900-24-105100.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2753000</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73037</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>695340</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>447584</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>687269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>816381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-105100.hdr.sgml : 20241203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241203170131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-105100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Charlton Aria Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002024459
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42386
		FILM NUMBER:		241523553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		419 WEBSTER ST
		CITY:			MONTEREY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93940
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8312047337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		419 WEBSTER ST
		CITY:			MONTEREY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93940

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-105100.txt : 20241203

10-Q
 1
 ea0220180-10q_charlton.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________to __________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

- 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of November 26, 2024, there were of the registrant s
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and of the registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, issued and outstanding. 

Charlton Aria Acquisition Corporation 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1 
 
 Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Statements of Operations for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and for the period from March 22, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholder s Equity (Deficit) for the period from March 22, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from March 22, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 15 
 
 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 19 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 20 

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 20 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 20 
 
 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS FROM REGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 20 
 
 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 20 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 20 
 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 21 
 
 Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 21 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 22 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CHARLTON ARIA ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEET 

AS OF JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholder s Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued deferred offering cost 

Due to related party 

Promissory note - related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Shareholders Equity 

Preference shares, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements. 

1 

CHARLTON ARIA ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

For The Three Months 
Ended 
 For The Period From 
March 22, 2024 
(inception) Through 

June 30, 
 2024 
 June 30, 
 2024 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average Class B ordinary shares outstanding (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per Class B ordinary share 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited financial statements. 

2 

CHARLTON ARIA ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT 

(Unaudited) 

Total 
 
 Preference 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares (1) 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of March 22, 2024 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Insider shares issued to initial shareholder (1) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 -

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

3 

CHARLTON ARIA ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 22, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH JUNE 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
 operating activities 

Formation and operating cost paid by the Sponsor 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Due to related party 

Net Cash Used
 in Operating Activities 
 -

Net Change in Cash 
 -

Cash,
 beginning of period 
 -

Cash,
 end of period 
 -

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow
 Information: 

Prepaid expenses paid via promissory
 note - related party 

Deferred offering costs included
 in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor
 in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid via
 promissory note - related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements. 

4 

CHARLTON ARIA ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO UNAUDTIED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share,
 par value per share, and one right to receive of one-eighth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of the initial
Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO
and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of units (the Private
Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of , which
is described in Note 4. 

The underwriters of the IPO have been granted
a -day option to purchase up to an additional units offered by the Company to cover over-allotments, if any. Up to 
shares of the Class B ordinary shares, par value per share Class B ordinary share or insider shares (see Note 4) held by the Sponsor will be forfeited to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in
full or in part, so that our insiders will collectively own of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (without given effect
to the sale of the Private Placement Units, the Representative Shares (as defined below), and assuming our directors, officers, Sponsor
or any of the foregoing s affiliates (collectively, insiders do not purchase Units in the IPO). 

In conjunction with the IPO, the Company issued
to the underwriter Class A ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares ). The fair value of the
Representative Shares accounted for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation ASC 718 is included in the offering costs. The estimated fair value of the Representative
Shares as of the IPO date totaled . 

5 

of the value of the Trust
Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. The Company will complete its initial Business Combination only if the post-transaction
company in which its public shareholders own shares will own or acquire or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed
that at least per Unit (as defined in Note 3) sold in the IPO will be held into a U.S.-based trust account Trust
Account ). The funds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days
or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest solely in direct U.S. government treasury. Except with respect to divided and/or interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account that may be released to the Company to pay the Company s tax obligation, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the
sale of the Private Placement Units that are deposited and held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account
until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of
any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the company s second amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of obligation to redeem of the Company s public shares
if the Company does not complete the Company s initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or
up to two times, each by an additional three months (or up to 24 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company extends the
period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time) provided that the Sponsor and/or designees must deposit
into the Trust Account for each three months extension, , or if the underwriter s over-allotment option is
exercised in full per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of or if the underwriter s over-allotment
option is exercised in full, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of public shares if the Company
is unable to complete their initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or up to two times, (or up
to 24 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full
amount of time), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 

The Company will provide its public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in
connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. 

The ordinary shares subject to redemption accredited
to the redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard
Board s (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
The Company has determined not to consummate any Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least 
upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

The Company will have only 18 months
from the closing of the IPO (or up to 24 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination by the full amount of time) to complete its initial Business Combination, the Company will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes that
were paid by the Company or are payable by the Company, if any (less up to of interest generated from the funds held in the Trust
Account released to us to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of its remaining shareholders
and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. time). The Sponsor and each member of management team have entered into an
agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to any insider shares they hold if the Company fail to consummate an initial Business Combination within 18 months from
the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering, if the Company extend the period of time
to consummate a Business Combination). 

6 

per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of this offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor have the Company independently verified whether the Company s Sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the company. Therefore, it cannot
be assured that that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the officers or directors will indemnify the Company
for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had no cash and a working capital deficiency
of . On October 25, 2024, the Company completed its IPO. The Company expects to incur significant professional costs to remain
as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection
with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan
in addressing this uncertainty is through the Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). In addition, if the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period by April 25, 2026, unless further extended, the Company s board
of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance
that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management
has determined that such additional condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The unaudited financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

As a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the
Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business
Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially
and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise
equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market
liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related
sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability
to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The unaudited financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

7 

shares of ordinary share
that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 5). As of June 30, 2024,
the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary
share and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period
presented. 

8 

Class A
ordinary shares (or Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) sold
as part of the Units in the IPO will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of
Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20.
If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in
the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become
redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The
Company has elected to recognize the changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. 

9 

Units in its IPO. Each Unit has an offering price of and consists of one share of the Company s Class A ordinary share
and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-eighth of one Class A ordinary share upon completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the holder must hold rights in
multiples of 8 in order to receive shares for all of their rights upon closing of a Business Combination. The Company has also granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. 

Units at a price of per Unit for an
aggregate purchase price of in the Private Placement. Each Private Placement Units was identical to the Units sold in
the IPO, except that it will not be redeemable, transferable, assignable or salable by the Sponsor until the completion of its initial
Business Combination (except to certain permitted transferees). 

10 

Class B ordinary shares, or insider shares, par value per share, to its Sponsor for a purchase price of , or approximately
 per share. The insider shares held by the Company s insiders include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that its insiders will collectively
own of its issued and outstanding shares after this offering (without given effect to the sale of the Private Placement Units, the
Representative Shares, and assuming our insiders do not purchase Units in the IPO). 

On September 11, 2024, the Sponsor entered into
a securities transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor transferred insider shares and insider shares to Mr. Will
Garner, the Company s Chairman and CEO, and Ms. Yuanmei Ma, the Company s CFO, respectively, for a total consideration of
 , or approximately per share. The fair value of the transfer of the Founder Shares accounted for as compensation
under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ).
The estimated fair value of the Founder Shares totaled . On September 11, 2024, the Company recognized a share-based compensation
expense of , net of the nominal cash consideration of paid by the officers. 

On October 24, 2024, the effective date of the
registration statement of the IPO, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of its Founder Shares, or each to its three independent
directors for their board service, for nominal cash consideration, of . The fair value of the transfer of the Founder Shares
accounted for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). The estimated fair value of the Founder Shares totaled . On October 24, 2024, the Company recognized
a share-based compensation expense of , net of the nominal cash consideration of paid by the directors. 

The Private Placement shares are identical to
the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being sold in this offering. However, the Company s insiders have agreed,
pursuant to written letter agreements with the Company, (A) to vote their insider shares and Private Placement shares (as well as
any public shares acquired in or after this offering) in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote
in favor of, an amendment to the Company s second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop the
Company s public shareholders from redeeming their shares for cash or selling their insider shares and Private Placement shares
to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem
 of the Company s public shares if the Company do not complete a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing
of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if the Company extend the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination) unless the Company provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares to receive cash from the
Trust Account in connection with any such vote (regardless how such shareholders vote for such amendment), (C) not to redeem any
insider shares and Private Placement shares (as well as any other shares acquired in or after this offering) for cash from the Trust Account
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve the Company s proposed initial Business Combination (or sell any shares they hold
to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the
Company s second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business
combination activity and (D) that the insider shares and Private Placement shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution
upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. 

The insiders have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) with respect to of the insider shares,
the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and the date on
which the closing price of the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period
commencing after the Company s initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining of the insider shares,
six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if,
subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
similar transaction which results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

The Private Placement Units (including the
underlying securities) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination
(except to certain permitted transferees). 

11 

, payable each month. 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had compensation
expenses payable to Mr. Will Garner of . 

On May 25, 2024, the Company appointed Ms.
Yuanmei Ma as Chief Financial Officer, in addition to her current position as a member of the board of the directors. During her Term
as Chief Financial Officer and a member of board of directors of the Company, she will receive annual cash compensation in the amount
of , payable each month. 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company did not owe Ms.
Yuanmei Ma of any compensation expenses payable. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On
April 18, 2024, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to (the Promissory Note to be used for a portion
of the expenses of the IPO. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding loan balance of . This loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) December 31, 2024 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates an initial
public offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account. On
October 30, 2024, the Company has repaid the Promissory Note. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to meet the Company s
working capital needs following the consummation of the initial public offering if the funds not held in the Trust Account are insufficient,
or to extend its life, its insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates/designees may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company
funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced
by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes Working Capital Loans may be converted upon consummation
of the Company s Business Combination into working capital Units at a price of per Unit. If the Company do not complete
a Business Combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the Trust Account, and only to the extent available. 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In
addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the Company s completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for
resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

12 

-day
option to purchase up to an additional Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. 

The underwriter will be entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of per Unit, or (or if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full) at the closing
of the IPO. 

Additionally, the underwriter will be entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or (or if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised
in full) at the closing of the initial business combination as deferred underwriting fee and an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares
(or up to Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) to be issued at the closing
of the initial business combination. If the Company does not complete its initial business combination within the time period required
by its second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the underwriters have agreed that (i) they will forfeit
any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust
account, and (ii) that the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions will be included with the funds held in the trust
account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares. 

shares of preference share, par value, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of June 30, 2024, there were no preference
shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Share The
Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary share with par value. As of June 30, 2024, there were no Class A
ordinary share issued or outstanding. 

Class B
Ordinary Share The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary share with 
par value. In April 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of Insider shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of , or approximately per share. Of the aggregate Class B ordinary share outstanding, an aggregate
of up to shares are subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholder will collectively own of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares of ordinary share after the IPO (without given effect to the sale of the Private Placement Units, the Representative
Shares, and assuming the Company s insiders do not purchase Units in the IPO). 

On September 11, 2024, the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate of of its Founder Shares, or of its Founder Shares and of its Founder Shares to Mr. Garner, the Company s
Chairman and CEO, and Ms. Ma, the Company s CFO, respectively, for their officer services (See Note 5). 

On October 24, 2024, the effective date of
the registration statement of the IPO, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of its Founder Shares, or each to the
Company s three independent directors for their board service (See Note 5). 

Prior to the Company s initial business
combination, pursuant to its second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, only holders of Class B ordinary
shares, or insider shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares will
not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors as long as the Company has Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
In addition, prior to its initial business combination, only holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, holders of Class A ordinary shares may not have any say in selecting management
of the Company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination as long as the Company has class B ordinary shares issued
and outstanding. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination at an one-to-one ratio. 

13 

of its Founder Shares, or of its Founder Shares and of its Founder Shares to Mr. Garner, the Company s
Chairman and CEO, and Ms. Ma, the Company s CFO, respectively, for their officer services (See Note 5). 

On September 17, 2024, the Sponsor and the underwriter
agreed to amend the underwriting terms as follows, (i) an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares (or up to Class A ordinary
shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) to be issued at the closing of the initial Business Combination
and being amended to be issued upon the closing of the IPO, (ii) per Public Unit of (or if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of Private Placement
Units to be placed in a Trust Account is being amended to per Public Unit of (or if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full) to be placed in a Trust Account, and (iii) the underwriter agreed to reimburse the Company
 (or if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the offering expenses as part of the transactions. 

On October 24, 2024, the effective date of
the registration statement of the IPO, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of its Founder Shares, or each to the
Company s three independent directors for their board service (See Note 5). 

On October 25, 2024, the Company consummated its
IPO of Units. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value per share, and one right to receive of one-eighth
of Class A ordinary share upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of
 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . 

Subsequent to June 30, 2024, the Sponsor loaned
the Company of to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. On October 30, 2024, the Company has repaid the Promissory
Note of to the Sponsor. 

In connection with the IPO, the underwriters were granted an option to
purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (the Over-allotment Option ). On November 19,
2024, the underwriters exercised the Over-allotment Option in part, and purchased Units (the Option Units ), generating
gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company completed a private placement
sale of Private Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of Private Units, generating gross proceeds of . The Company
also issued additional Representative Shares to the underwriters. 

14 

ITEM 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Charlton Aria Acquisition
Corporation. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and
references to the Sponsor refer to ST Sponsor II Limited. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and variations thereof and similar words and expressions are intended
to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward- looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect
management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance
or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its initial public offering (the IPO 
described below) filed with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 24, 2024 (File No. 333-282313) (the
 Prospectus ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.
Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

Charlton Aria Acquisition
Corporation (the Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 22, 2024 as an exempted
company with limited liability. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business
Combination ). We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of our shares,
debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans.
We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

15 

Our Initial Public Offering 

On October 25, 2024, we consummated
our IPO of 7,500,000 units (the Public Units ), each Public Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share (the Class
A Ordinary Shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Public Shares ), and one right (the Rights of the Company, each right entitling the holder to receive one-eighth of one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share (the Public
Rights ). The Public Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 75,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement with ST Sponsor II Limited, our
sponsor (the Sponsor ), of an aggregate of 240,000 units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00
per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 2,400,000. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share (the Private Placement Shares ), and one Right (the Private Placement Rights ). The terms and
provisions of the Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Rights in the Private Placement Units are identical to the Public Shares
and Public Rights, respectively, except that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Shares are subject to transfer
restrictions until the consummation of the Company s Business Combination. On April 28, 2022, a total of 75,187,500 of the net
proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the
benefit of the Company s Public Shareholders at a U.S. based trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee. 

We also issued to Clear Street
LLC, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO (the Representative ), 75,000 Class A Ordinary Shares as part of the
underwriting compensation (the Representative Shares on the closing of the IPO. The Representative Shares are identical
to the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units, with certain exceptions. 

The underwriters have been
granted a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,125,000 units offered by the Company to cover over-allotments, if any. Up
to 281,250 shares of the 2,156,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class B ordinary share of the
Company held by our Sponsor (the Founder Shares will be forfeited to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option
is not exercised in full or in part, so that our insiders will collectively own 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO
(without given effect to the sale of the Private Placemen5 Units, the Representative Shares, and assuming our directors, officers, Sponsor
or any of the foregoing s affiliates (collectively, the insiders do not purchase Public Units in the IPO). 

Since our IPO, our sole business
activity has been identifying, evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates and preparing for consummation of a Business Combination.
We presently have no revenue and have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the
sale of our securities and loans from the Sponsor and other parties to fund our operations. 

Recent Development 

Option Offering 

In connection with the IPO,
the underwriters were granted an option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (the Over-allotment
Option ). On November 19, 2024, the Representative exercised the Over-allotment Option in part, and purchased 1,000,000 Units (the
 Option Units ), generating gross proceeds of 10,000,000. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units,
the Company completed a private placement sale of 15,000 Private Units (the Additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor
at a purchase price of 10.00 Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 150,000. The Company also issued additional 10,000
Representative Shares to the Representative. 

In connection with the offering
of the Option Units and the sale of Additional Private Placement Units, the proceeds of 10,025,000 from the proceeds of the offering
of the Option Units and the sale of Additional Private Placement Units were placed in the trust account established for the benefit of
the Company s public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as
trustee. 

The sales of the Additional
Private Placement Units issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.
No commissions were paid in connection with such sales. 

Separation of Units 

On November 25, 2024, the
Company announced that holders of the Company s Public Units may elect to separately trade the Public Shares and Public Rights from
the Public Units, commencing on or about November 26, 2024. 

The Class A ordinary shares
and rights will trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols CHAR and CHARR ,
respectively. Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol CHARU. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 22, 2024 (inception) to June 30, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and, after the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We may generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with
completing a Business Combination. 

For the three months ended
June 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 15,833, all of which consisted of formation and operating costs. 

For the period from March
22, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 15,853, all of which consisted of formation and operating costs. 

16 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

The Company s liquidity needs up to June
30, 2024 had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering costs and the
loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 500,000. 

Following the closing of
the IPO and sale of the Private Placement Units on October 25, 2024, a total of 75,187,500 was placed in the Trust Account, and we had
 576,299 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working capital purposes.
In connection with the IPO, we incurred 3,060,711 in transaction costs, consisting of 1,125,000 of underwriting fees, 1,500,000 of
deferred underwriting fees, 81,348 of the Representative Shares (discussed in the below), and 354,363 of other offering costs. 

In conjunction with the IPO,
the Company issued to the underwriter 75,000 Class A ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares ). The
fair value of the Representative Shares accounted for as compensation under the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 is included
in the offering costs. The estimated fair value of the Representative Shares as of the IPO date totaled 81,348. 

As of June 30, 2024, the
Company had no cash and a working capital deficit of 92,408 (excluding deferred offering costs). Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private
Placement on October 25, 2024, cash of 576,299 was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the payment of offering
costs and for working capital purposes. 

We intend to use the funds
held outside the Trust Account to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete an initial business
combination. 

In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Insiders or their affiliates or designees
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes the Business Combination, it would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that the Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of
such loans (the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Units of the Company, at a price of 10.00 per Unit (the
 Working Capital Units at the option of the lender. 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of our Public Shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that
create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial
assets. 

17 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares and Private Placement Units, including any Working Capital Units of those issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans will
be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on October 24, 2024. The holders of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed after the completion of our Business
Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The
Company will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The underwriters received
a cash underwriting discount of 0.15 per Public Unit, or 1,125,000 in the aggregate and paid at the closing of the IPO. In addition,
the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.20 per Public Unit, or approximately 1,500,000 in the aggregate upon the consummation
of a Business Combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event that the Company completes its Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is
at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date
of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more
future confirming events. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

18 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed
with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated,
with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer) (our Certifying Officers ), the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange
Act. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, have concluded that during the period covered
by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the following material weaknesses identified by our management. 

Inadequate
segregation of duties within account processes due to limited personnel; and 

Insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting, information technology, and financial reporting and record keeping. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

This quarterly report on
Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered
public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there
has been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

19 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not a party to any
material legal proceedings and no material legal proceedings have been threatened by us or, to the best of our knowledge, against us. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to include risk factors in this Report. However, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Prospectus. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Prospectus. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
FROM REGISTERED SECURITIES. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Founder Shares Sales and Transfer 

On April 23, 2024, the
Company issued 2,156,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ), to ST Sponsor II
Limited, the sponsor of the IPO (the Sponsor for a purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0116 per share. The Founder
Shares held by the Company s insiders include an aggregate of up to 281,250 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the
underwriters Over-allotment Option (as defined below) is not exercised in full or in part. 

On September 11, 2024, the
Sponsor entered into a securities transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor transferred 100,000 insider shares and 60,000 insider
shares to Mr. Will Garner, the Company s Chairman and CEO, and Ms. Yuanmei Ma, the Company s CFO, respectively, for a total
consideration of 1,855, or approximately 0.0116 per share. 

On October 24, 2024, the effective date of the registration statement
of the IPO, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 60,000 of its Founder Shares, or 20,000 each to its three independent directors for
their board service, for nominal cash consideration, of 696. 

Private Placements 

On October 25, 2024, simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the Private Placement of 240,000 Private Placement Units to the Company s
sponsor, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 2,400,000. 

The above sales were issued
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No commissions were paid in
connection with such sales. 

In connection with the IPO,
the underwriters were granted an option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (the Over-allotment
Option ). On November 19, 2024, the Representative exercised the Over-allotment Option in part, and purchased 1,000,000 Units (the
 Option Units ), generating gross proceeds of 10,000,000. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units,
the Company completed a private placement sale of 15,000 Private Units (the Additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor
at a purchase price of 10.00 Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 150,000. 

The sales of the Additional Private Placement Units issued pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No commissions were paid in connection
with such sales. 

Use of Proceeds 

On October 25, 2024, we consummated
the IPO of 7,500,000 Public Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 75,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 240,000 Private Placement Units, to our sponsor in Private Placement, generating gross proceeds
of 2,400,000. 

The net proceeds of 75,187,500
from the IPO and the Private Placement were placed in the Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders
and the underwriters of the IPO with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

On November 19, 2024, in connection with the offering of the Option
Units and the sale of Additional Private Placement Units, the proceeds of 10,025,000 from the proceeds of the offering of the Option
Units and the sale of Additional Private Placement Units were placed in the trust account established for the benefit of the Company s
public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

20 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished. 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Charlton Aria Acquisition Corporation 

Date: December 3, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert W. Garner 

Robert W. Garner 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 3, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Yuanmei Ma 

Yuanmei Ma 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022018001ex31-1_charlton.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert W. Garner, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Charlton Aria Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 3, 2024 

/s/ Robert W. Garner 

Robert W. Garner 

CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022018001ex31-2_charlton.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Yuanmei Ma, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Charlton Aria Acquisition Corporation: 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 3, 2024 

/s/ Yuanmei Ma 

Yuanmei Ma 

CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer 

and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022018001ex32-1_charlton.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
in his capacity as an officer of Charlton Aria Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 3, 2024 

/s/ Robert W. Garner 

Robert W. Garner 

CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022018001ex32-2_charlton.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
in her capacity as an officer of Charlton Aria Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 3, 2024 

/s/ Yuanmei Ma 

Yuanmei Ma 

CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 char-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 char-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 char-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 char-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 char-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

