<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1318568_0001318568-24-000185.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7863366</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140135</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1356466</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2897934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1744480</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1563588</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001318568-24-000185.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112164546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001318568-24-000185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Everi Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001318568
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				200723270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32622
		FILM NUMBER:		241449268

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7250 S. TENAYA WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-833-7110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7250 S. TENAYA WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Everi Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150827

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Cash Access Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Everi Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150811

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001318568-24-000185.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 evri-20240930.htm
 10-Q

evri-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s 0.001 par value per share common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 
 Item 1: Financial Statements 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 
 Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 
 Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 45 
 Item 4: Controls and Procedures 45 
 PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 47 
 Item 1: Legal Proceedings 47 
 Item 1A: Risk Factors 47 
 Item 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 51 
 Item 3: Defaults Upon Senior Securities 51 
 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 51 
 Item 5: Other Information 51 
 Item 6: Exhibits 52 
 Signatures 54 

2 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands, except (loss) earnings per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Games revenues Gaming operations Gaming equipment and systems Games total revenues FinTech revenues Financial access services Software and other Hardware FinTech total revenues Total revenues Costs and expenses Games cost of revenues (1) 
 Gaming operations Gaming equipment and systems Games total cost of revenues FinTech cost of revenues (1) 
 Financial access services Software and other Hardware FinTech total cost of revenues Operating expenses Research and development Depreciation Amortization Total costs and expenses Operating income Other expenses Interest expense, net of interest income Total other expenses (Loss) income before income tax ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Net (loss) income ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 
 1. 
 3 

EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME - CONTINUED 
 (In thousands, except (loss) earnings per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Loss) earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value amounts) 
 At September 30, At December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 Settlement receivables 
 Trade and other receivables, net of allowances for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets Non-current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other receivables Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Settlement liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Long-term debt, less current portion Other accrued expenses and liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) par value, shares authorized and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, respectively, and and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Non-cash lease expense Amortization of financing costs and discounts Loss on sale or disposal of assets Accretion of contract rights Provision for credit losses Deferred income taxes ) Reserve for inventory obsolescence Stock-based compensation Adjustment to deferred acquisition consideration ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Settlement receivables Trade and other receivables ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Settlement liabilities ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of term loan ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Treasury stock - equity award activities, net of shares withheld 
 ) ) Treasury stock - repurchase of shares ) Payment of deferred acquisition consideration 
 ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) for the period 
 ) Balance, beginning of the period Balance, end of the period 
 
 Supplemental cash disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash received for interest 
 Cash paid for income tax, net Supplemental non-cash disclosures Accrued and unpaid capital expenditures Transfer of leased gaming equipment to inventory 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Series A Additional Accumulated Other Total 
 Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Stockholders Equity 
 Balance, January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld Balance, June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY - CONTINUED 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Series A Additional (Accumulated Deficit)/ Accumulated Other Total 
 Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Stockholders Equity 
 Balance, January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of options, net of shares withheld 
 ) Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 In this filing, we refer to: (i) our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as our Financial Statements; (ii) our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income as our Statements of Operations; (iii) our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as our Balance Sheets; and (iv) our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as our Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 1. 
 business segments: (i) Games and (ii) FinTech. 
 Everi Games provides gaming operators with gaming technology and entertainment products and services, including: (i) gaming machines, primarily comprising Class II, Class III and Historic Horse Racing HHR slot machines placed under participation and fixed-fee lease arrangements or sold to casino customers; (ii) providing and maintaining the central determinant systems for the video lottery terminals VLTs installed in the State of New York and similar technology in certain tribal jurisdictions; (iii) business-to-business B2B digital online gaming activities; and (iv) bingo solutions through consoles, integrated electronic gaming tablets and related systems. 
 Everi FinTech provides gaming operators with financial technology products and services, including: (i) financial access and related services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels; (ii) loyalty and marketing software and tools, regulatory and compliance RegTech software solutions, other information-related products and services, and hardware maintenance services; and (iii) associated casino patron self-service hardware that utilizes our financial access, software and other services. We also develop and offer mobile-first applications aimed at enhancing patron engagement for customers in the casino, sports, entertainment, and hospitality industries. Our solutions are secured using an end-to-end security suite to protect against cyber-related attacks, allowing us to maintain appropriate levels of security. These solutions include: access to cash and cashless funding at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine ATM debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and point of sale POS debit card purchases at casino cages, kiosk and mobile POS devices; accounts for the CashClub Wallet, check warranty services, self-service loyalty and fully integrated kiosk maintenance services; self-service loyalty tools and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings. 
 9 

2. 
 
 Restricted cash - current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash - non-current Other assets Total 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of trade and loans receivable approximated the carrying value due to contractual terms generally being slightly ov er months. The f air value of our borrowings is estimated based on various inputs to determine a market price, such as: market demand and supply, size of tranche, maturity, and similar instruments trading in more active markets. 
 
 10 

million Term Loan 
 2 million Unsecured Notes 
 2 December 31, 2023 million Term Loan 
 2 million Unsecured Notes 
 2 
 The fair values of our borrowings were determined using Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices for these securities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, other than what has been described above, we do not anticipate recently issued accounting guidance to have a significant impact on our Financial Statements. 

11 

3. 
 Balance, September 30 Increase (decrease) ) Contract liabilities (2) 
 Balance, January 1 
 Balance, September 30 Increase 
 1. Contract assets are included within trade and other receivables, net and other receivables in our Balance Sheets. 
 2. Contract liabilities are included within accounts payable and accrued expenses and other accrued expenses and liabilities in our Balance Sheets. 
 We recognized approximately million and million in revenue that was included in the beginning contract liabilities balance during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 12 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 FinTech Revenues 
 Our FinTech products and services include solutions that we offer to gaming establishments to provide their patrons with financial access and funds-based services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels along with related loyalty and marketing tools, and other information-related products and services. We also develop and offer mobile-first applications aimed at enhancing patron engagement for customers in the casino, sports, entertainment, and hospitality industries. In addition, our services operate as part of an end-to-end security suite to protect against cyber-related attacks, allowing us to maintain appropriate levels of security. These solutions include: access to cash and cashless funding at gaming facilities via ATM debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and POS debit card purchases at casino cages, kiosk and mobile POS devices; accounts for the CashClub Wallet, check warranty services, self-service loyalty and fully integrated kiosk maintenance services; self-service loyalty tools and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings. We conduct our FinTech segment business based on results generated from the following major revenue streams: (i) Financial Access Services; (ii) Software and Other; and (iii) Hardware. 
 Hardware revenues are derived from the sale of our financial access and loyalty kiosks and related equipment and are accounted for under ASC 606, unless such transactions meet the definition of a sales type or direct financing lease, which are accounted for under ASC 842. We did not have any significant financial access kiosk and related equipment sales contracts accounted for under ASC 842 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 4. 
 Liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Non-current operating lease liabilities Other accrued expenses and liabilities 
 13 

Short-term operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 
 Weighted average discount rate: 
 Operating leases 
 Components of lease expense are as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease cost: 
 Operating lease cost 
 Variable lease cost 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Amount representing interest Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: Current operating lease obligations Long-term lease obligations 
 14 

5. 
 of the combined company, with the Company s existing stockholders expected to own approximately of the combined company. 
 
 On February 28, 2024, the Company and Ignite Rotate LLC, a subsidiary of IGT Spinco ), entered into a debt commitment letter and related letters with the lenders specified therein. On March 29, 2024, the Company and Spinco entered into an amended and restated debt commitment letter and related amended and restated letters (as amended, the Commitment Letter ), pursuant to which the lenders committed to provide the Company and such subsidiary with up to billion, together with a revolver of billion, used to refinance the existing debt of the Company and its subsidiaries, and distribute funds to IGT, with the remainder to be used to pay the combined company s fees, costs and expenses in connection with the Original Proposed Transaction, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions including the consummation of the Original Proposed Transaction described above. 
 
 In connection with the Original Proposed Transaction, we incurred transaction costs of approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which are included within Operating Expenses of our Statements of Operations. 
 
 On July 26, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements with, among others, IGT and Voyager Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ), whereby IGT Gaming and Everi will be simultaneously acquired by Buyer in an all-cash transaction (the Proposed Transaction ). Following closing, IGT Gaming and Everi will be privately owned companies that are part of one combined enterprise and Everi s common stock will be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the terms of the agreements, Everi stockholders will receive per share in cash (subject to adjustment for any stock or interest split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, combination of shares, reclassification, recapitalization, or other similar transaction) and IGT will receive billion of gross cash proceeds for IGT Gaming, subject to customary transaction adjustments in accordance with the definitive agreements. The acquisitions of IGT Gaming and Everi by Buyer are cross-conditioned. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and approval by Everi stockholders. In addition, on July 26, 2024, immediately prior to and in connection with the entry into the definitive agreements for the Proposed Transaction, each of the definitive agreements for the Original Proposed Transaction, including the Commitment Letter, was terminated by mutual consent of the respective parties thereto, effective immediately. There were no termination or other penalties surrounding the termination of such agreements. 
 15 

billion, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the equity commitment letter, and have entered into a limited guarantee in favor of IGT and the Company, pursuant to which the Guarantors are guaranteeing certain obligations of Buyer in connection with the merger agreement relating to the Proposed Transaction, including the termination fee and certain other fees, indemnities, and expenses, subject to a maximum aggregate liability cap. In addition, certain debt financing sources have committed to lend an aggregate principal amount of up to billion, together with a committed revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to billion, to Buyer for the purpose of funding the Proposed Transaction, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the debt commitment letter and any related fee letter. In addition, De Agostini S.p.A., a societ per azioni organization under the laws of Italy and the controlling shareholder of IGT De Agostini ), has entered into a letter agreement with an affiliate of Buyer, pursuant to which De Agostini will make a minority investment in an indirect parent of Buyer. 
 
 In connection with the Proposed Transaction, we incurred transaction costs of approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and employee retention costs of approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which are included within Operating Expenses of our Statements of Operations. 
 
 eCash Holdings Pty Limited 
 On March 1, 2022 (the eCash Closing Date ), the Company acquired the stock of eCash Holdings Pty Limited eCash ). Under the terms of the stock purchase agreement, we paid the seller AUD million (approximately USD million) on the eCash Closing Date, additional consideration of AUD million (USD million) approximately following the eCash Closing Date and additional consideration of AUD million (USD million) approximately following the eCash Closing Date. In addition, we paid approximately AUD million (USD million) for the excess net working capital during the second quarter of 2022. We finalized our measurement period adjustments and recorded approximately million primarily related to deferred taxes during the first quarter of 2023. The acquisition did not have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Intuicode Gaming Corporation 
 On April 30, 2022 (the Intuicode Closing Date ), the Company acquired the stock of Intuicode Gaming Corporation Intuicode ), a privately owned game development and engineering firm focused on HHR games. Under the terms of the stock purchase agreement, we paid the seller million on the Intuicode Closing Date of the transaction, a net working capital payment of million during the second quarter of 2022 and million based on the achievement of a certain revenue target following the Intuicode Closing Date. In addition, we owe approximately million as a final payment based on the achievement of a certain revenue target following the Intuicode Closing Date. We finalized our measurement period adjustments and recorded approximately million primarily related to the final payment and deferred taxes during the second quarter of 2023. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the contingent consideration performance period ended and we revised our final payment estimate. As a result, we recorded an adjustment of approximately million, which was included within Operating Expenses of our Statements of Operations. The acquisition did not have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 The fair value of the contingent consideration was based on Level 3 inputs utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology. The estimates and assumptions included projected future revenues of the acquired business and a discount rate of approximately . Contingent consideration to be paid is comprised of a short-term component that is recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in our Balance Sheets. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration during the period ended September 30, 2024 was not material. 
 
 16 

million on the Venuetize Closing Date of the transaction and an immaterial amount following the Venuetize Closing Date that was netted against a net working capital receivable of approximately million. In addition, we expect to pay approximately million in contingent consideration based upon the achievement of certain revenue targets on the and anniversaries of the Venuetize Closing Date. We finalized our measurement period adjustments and recorded approximately million primarily related to the net working capital receivable and deferred taxes during the fourth quarter of 2023. The acquisition did not have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The fair value of the contingent consideration was based on Level 3 inputs utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology. The estimates and assumptions included projected future revenues of the acquired business and a discount rate of approximately . Contingent consideration to be paid is comprised of a short-term component that is recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in our Balance Sheets. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration during the period ended September 30, 2024 was not material. 
 
 VKGS LLC 
 
 On May 1, 2023 (the Video King Closing Date ), the Company acquired certain strategic assets of VKGS LLC Video King ), a privately owned leading provider of integrated electronic bingo gaming tablets, video gaming content, instant win games and systems. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, we paid the seller approximately million, inclusive of a net working capital payment on the Video King Closing Date. We also made an additional net working capital payment of million post-closing, early in the third quarter of 2023. In addition, we paid the seller approximately million related to an indemnity holdback post-closing, during the fourth quarter of 2024, which was scheduled for release on the anniversary of the Video King Closing Date. We finalized our measurement period adjustments and recorded an immaterial amount related to deferred taxes during the quarter ended March 31, 2024. The acquisition did not have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Pro-forma financial information (unaudited) 
 
 The acquisition related to Video King occurred during fiscal 2023; therefore, it is included in our Financial Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial data on a consolidated basis, including the historical operating results of the Company, assuming the Video King acquisition occurred on January 1, 2022, reflected revenue of approximately million and million and net income of approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The acquisitions related to eCash, Intuicode and Venuetize occurred during fiscal 2022; therefore, each are included in our Financial Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The unaudited pro forma results include increases to depreciation and amortization expense based on the purchased intangible assets and costs directly attributable to the acquisitions. The unaudited pro forma results do not purport to be indicative of results of operations as of the date hereof, for any period ended on the date hereof, or for any other future date or period; nor do they give effect to synergies, cost savings, fair market value adjustments and other changes expected as a result of the acquisitions. 
 17 

6. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We are exposed to interest rate risk to the extent that the applicable rates increase. 
 Under these agreements, the currency supplied by third party vendors remain their sole property until the funds are dispensed. As these funds are not our assets, supplied cash is not reflected in our Balance Sheets. 
 Our primary commercial arrangement, the Contract Cash Solutions Agreement, as amended, is with Wells Fargo, N.A. Wells Fargo ). Wells Fargo provides us with cash up to million with the ability to increase the amount permitted by the vault cash provider. The term of the agreement expires on December 1, 2026 and will automatically renew for additional periods unless either party provides a written notice of its intent not to renew. The outstanding balance of funds provided in connection with this arrangement were approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 We are responsible for losses of cash in the fund dispensing devices under this agreement, and we self-insure for this type of risk. There were no material losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 18 

FinTech trade and loans receivable 
 Contract assets (1) 
 Other receivables Total trade and other receivables, net Non-current portion of receivables Games trade and loans receivable FinTech trade and loans receivable 
 Contract assets (1) 
 Total non-current portion of receivables Total trade and other receivables, current portion 
 1. Refer to Note 3 Revenues for a discussion on the contract assets. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses) ) Provision ) ) Charge-offs, net of recoveries Ending allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 
 8. 
 19 

Work-in-progress Finished goods Total inventory 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we identified certain component parts that were no longer expected to be utilized to manufacture, refurbish, or support certain of our end-of-life electronic gaming devices, as discussed in Note 9 Property and Equipment . As a result, we increased our Games segment inventory reserves by approximately million, of which million was included within Gaming Operations Cost of Revenues and million was included within Gaming Equipment and Systems Cost of Revenues of our Statements of Operations. 
 We also determined that the expected utility of certain firm purchase commitments in our Games segment had declined resulting in a charge of approximately million, which was included within Operating Expenses of our Statements of Operations. 
 
 9. 
 - 
 Rental pool - undeployed - 
 FinTech equipment - 
 Leasehold and building improvements Lease Term Machinery, office, and other equipment - 
 Total 
 Depreciation expense related to property and equipment totaled approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we determined that certain returned, end-of-life electronic gaming devices reflected in our Games segment were not likely to be re-deployed, primarily due to increased demand for our newer gaming devices, together with uncertainty in light of the Proposed Transaction discussed in Note 5 Business Combinations. As a result, we shortened the remaining useful lives of these returned, end-of-life, electronic gaming devices and recorded a charge of approximately million, which was included within Depreciation Expense of our Statements of Operations. 
 
 20 

10. 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 - 
 Customer relationships - 
 Developed technology and software - 
 Patents, trademarks, and other - 
 Total 
 Amortization expense related to other intangible assets was approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 million Term Loan 
 2028 SOFR+CSA+ 
 million Revolver 
 2026 SOFR+CSA+ 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities million Unsecured Notes 
 2029 Total debt Debt issuance costs and discount ) ) Total debt after debt issuance costs and discount 
 Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 21 

million senior secured term loan due 2028 issued at of par (the Term Loan and (ii) a million senior secured revolving credit facility due 2026, which was undrawn at closing (the Revolver and together with the Term Loan, the Credit Facilities ). The Company, as borrower, entered into the credit agreement dated as of August 3, 2021, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer (the Original Credit Agreement ). 
 On June 23, 2023, the Company entered into the first amendment (the Amendment to the Original Credit Agreement (as amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ), among Everi, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR replaced the Eurodollar Rate for all purposes under the Original Credit Agreement and under any other Loan Document (as defined therein) on July 1, 2023, when the ICE Benchmark Administration ceased to provide all available tenors of the Eurodollar Rate. In connection with such implementation of SOFR, the Company and Jefferies Finance LLC agreed to make conforming changes to the relevant provisions of the Original Credit Agreement, as reflected in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 On November 2, 2023, the Company entered into the second amendment (the Second Amendment ), effective November 9, 2023, to the Original Credit Agreement and the Amended Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), among Everi, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. Under the Amended Credit Agreement, capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Second Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Original Credit Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement, as the context may require; and pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, the borrower and the administrative agent jointly identified certain obvious errors of a technical nature in the Amended Credit Agreement and have agreed to amend the Amended Credit Agreement to correct such errors. 
 The interest rate per annum applicable to the Credit Facilities will be, at the Company s option, either the SOFR, inclusive of the credit spread adjustment CSA with a floor plus a margin of , or the base rate plus a margin of . In addition, the CSA is recorded as interest expense that varies for the applicable interest period, with an adjustment of for interest periods of one month, an adjustment of for interest periods of two months and an adjustment of for interest periods of three months. Our Revolver remained fully undrawn as of September 30, 2024. 
 The weighted average interest rate on the Term Loan was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 Our senior unsecured notes issued in 2021 (the 2021 Unsecured Notes had an outstanding balance of million as of September 30, 2024 that accrues interest at a rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on each January 15 and July 15. 
 Compliance with Debt Covenants 
 We were in compliance with the covenants and terms of the Credit Facilities and the 2021 Unsecured Notes as of September 30, 2024. 
 22 

12. 
 23 

and debt obligations discussed in Note 11 Long-Term Debt. 
 
 13. 
 million, pursuant to which we were authorized to purchase outstanding Company common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions over a period of eighteen ) months through November 3, 2024, in accordance with Company and regulatory policies and trading plans established in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 On May 2, 2024, the Board of Directors canceled the share repurchase program. As of May 2, 2024, the Company had repurchased million of Company common stock under the million authorized share repurchase program. 
 shares were repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million shares were repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 14. 
 Potential dilution from equity awards (1) 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (1) 
 
 1. We were in a net loss position for the three months ended September 30, 2024; therefore, no potential dilution from the application of the treasury stock method was applicable for the period. The potential dilution excludes the weighted average effect of equity awards to purchase approximately million shares that were anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There were million shares that were anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million shares that were anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 24 

15. 
 Granted Exercised options or vested shares ) ) Canceled or forfeited ) ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 There were approximately million awards of our common stock available for future equity grants under our existing equity incentive plan at September 30, 2024, which included million additional shares approved by our stockholders during the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 16. 
 , which was greater than the statutory federal rate of , primarily due to a research credit, the benefit from equity award activities and the 2023 federal return-to-provision adjustments recorded in the current reporting period, partially offset by a valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets. The income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflected an effective income tax rate of negative , which was less than the statutory federal rate of , primarily due to a research credit and the 2023 federal return-to-provision adjustments recorded in the current reporting period, partially offset by state taxes and a valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets. The income tax provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflected an effective income tax rate of and , respectively, which was less than the statutory federal rate of , respectively, primarily due to a research credit and the benefit from equity award activities, partially offset by state taxes and compensation deduction limitations. 
 We have analyzed our positions in the federal, state and foreign jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as the open tax years in these jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2024, we recorded approximately million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would impact our effective tax rate, if recognized. We do not anticipate that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change within the next 12 months. 
 
 17. 
 25 

Gaming equipment and systems Total revenues Costs and expenses Cost of revenues (2) 
 Gaming operations Gaming equipment and systems Total cost of revenues (3) 
 Operating expenses (4) (5) (6) (7) (9) (10) (11) 
 Research and development Depreciation (8) 
 Amortization Total costs and expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) 
 1. Includes the accretion of contract rights of approximately million and million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2. Excludes depreciation and amortization. 
 3. Includes approximately million of additional inventory reserves, of which million was included within Gaming Operations Cost of Revenues and million was included within Gaming Equipment and Systems Cost of Revenues, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 4. Includes approximately million and million of transaction costs related to the Proposed Transaction for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 5. Includes approximately million and million of transaction costs related to the Original Proposed Transaction for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 6. Includes approximately million and million of employee retention costs for the Proposed Transaction for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 7. Includes approximately million and million of severance costs related to the realignment of certain employee functions within the Games business for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 26 

million of depreciation charges for certain end-of-life electronic gaming devices returned from our install base for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 9. Includes approximately million of accrued charges for the decline in expected utility of certain firm purchase commitments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 10. Includes approximately million in other professional fees and expenses primarily associated with litigation and other non-recurring legal matters for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately million and million of other legal fees and professional expenses associated with the Video King asset acquisition for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 11. Includes approximately million and million of office and warehouse consolidation expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Rounding may cause variances. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 FinTech Revenues Financial access services Software and other Hardware Total revenues Costs and expenses Cost of revenues (1) 
 Financial access services Software and other Hardware Total cost of revenues Operating expenses (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) 
 Research and development Depreciation Amortization Total costs and expenses Operating income 
 1. Excludes depreciation and amortization. 
 2. Includes approximately million and million of transaction costs related to the Proposed Transaction for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 3. Includes approximately million of transaction costs related to the Original Proposed Transaction for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and approximately million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 4. Includes approximately million and million of employee retention costs for the Proposed Transaction for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 27 

million and million of severance costs related to the realignment of certain employee functions within the FinTech business for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 6. Includes approximately million and million in other professional fees and expenses primarily associated with litigation and other non-recurring legal matters for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. We recorded a benefit of approximately million against other legal fees and expenses associated with insurance recoveries from litigation matters for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and million of legal fees for debt amendment costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Rounding may cause variances. 
 At September 30, At December 31, 2024 2023 Total assets Games FinTech Total assets 
 Major Customers. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our five largest customers accounted for approximately and of our revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 18. 
 28 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 In this filing, we refer to: (i) our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as our Financial Statements, (ii) our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income as our Statements of Operations, (iii) our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as our Balance Sheets, (iv) our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as our Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as our Results of Operations. 
 Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance, but instead are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding the future of our business, plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions, including the Proposed Transaction (defined below) as of the date on which this report is filed. Forward-looking statements often, but do not always, contain words such as expect, anticipate, aim to, designed to, intend, plan, believe, goal, target, future, assume, estimate, indication, seek, project, may, can, could, should, favorably positioned, or will and other words and terms of similar meaning. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained herein, which are based only on information currently available to us and only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are often difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, statements regarding trends, developments, and uncertainties impacting our business, including our ability to withstand: macro-economic impacts on consumer discretionary spending, interest rates and interest expense; global supply chain disruption; inflationary impact on supply chain costs; inflationary impact on labor costs and retention; equity incentive activity and compensation expense; our ability to maintain revenue, earnings, and cash flow momentum or lack thereof; changes in global market, business and regulatory conditions whether as a result of a pandemic, or other economic or geopolitical developments around the world, including availability of discretionary spending income of casino patrons as well as expectations for the closing or re-opening of casinos; product and technological innovations that address customer needs in a new and evolving operating environment or disrupt the industry, such as generative artificial intelligence; to enhance shareholder value in the long-term; trends in gaming operator and patron usage of our products; benefits realized by using our products and services; benefits and/or costs associated with mergers, acquisitions, and/or strategic alliances; the Proposed Transaction, including the anticipated timing of the closing of the Proposed Transaction and the anticipated delisting and deregistration of Everi s common stock; product development, including the benefits from the release of new products, new product features, product enhancements, or product extensions; regulatory approvals and changes; gaming, financial regulatory, legal, card association, and statutory compliance and changes; the implementation of new or amended card association and payment network rules or interpretations; consumer collection activities; competition (including consolidations); tax liabilities; borrowings and debt repayments; goodwill impairment charges; international expansion or lack thereof; resolution of litigation (including litigation in connection with the Proposed Transaction) or government investigations; our share repurchase and dividend policy; new customer contracts and contract renewals or lack thereof; and financial performance and results of operations (including revenue, expenses, margins, earnings, cash flow, and capital expenditures). 
 Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in forward-looking statements, and important factors that could cause them to do so include, but are not limited to, the following: our ability to generate profits in the future and to create incremental value for shareholders; our ability to withstand economic slowdowns, inflationary and other economic factors that pressure discretionary consumer spending; our ability to execute on mergers, acquisitions, and/or strategic alliances, including our ability to integrate and operate such acquisitions or alliances consistent with our forecasts in order to achieve future growth; our ability to execute on key initiatives and deliver ongoing improvements; expectations regarding growth 
 29 

for the Company s installed base and daily win per unit; expectations regarding placement fee agreements; inaccuracies in underlying operating assumptions; our ability to withstand direct and indirect impacts of a pandemic outbreak, or other public health crises of uncertain duration on our business and the businesses of our customers and suppliers, including as a result of actions taken in response to governments, regulators, markets and individual consumers; changes in global market, business, and regulatory conditions arising as a result of economic, geopolitical and other developments around the world, including a global pandemic, increased conflict and political turmoil, capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions, climate change or currently unexpected crises or natural disasters; our leverage and the related covenants that restrict our operations; our ability to comply with our debt covenants and our ability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, fund working capital, and capital expenditures; our ability to withstand the loss of revenue during the closure of our customers facilities; our ability to maintain our current customers; our ability to replace revenue associated with terminated contracts or margin degradation from contract renewals; expectations regarding customers preferences and demands for future product and service offerings; our ability to successfully introduce new products and services, including third-party licensed content; gaming operator and patron preferences; failure to control product development costs and create successful new products; the overall growth or contraction of the gaming industry; anticipated sales performance; our ability to prevent, mitigate, or timely recover from cybersecurity breaches, attacks, compromises and other security vulnerabilities; national and international economic and industry conditions, including the prospect of a shutdown of the U.S. federal government; changes in gaming regulatory, financial regulatory, legal, card association, and statutory requirements; the impact of evolving legal and regulatory requirements, including emerging environmental, social and governance requirements; regulatory and licensing difficulties, competitive pressures and changes in the competitive environment; operational limitations; changes to tax laws; uncertainty of litigation outcomes; interest rate fluctuations; business prospects; unanticipated expenses or capital needs; the possibility that the conditions to the consummation of the Proposed Transaction will not for any reason be satisfied (including the failure to obtain necessary regulatory and stockholder approvals) in the anticipated timeframe or at all; risks related to the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction; negative effects of the announcement or failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction on the market price of the capital stock of Everi and on Everi s operating results, including that Everi s stock price may decline significantly if the Proposed Transaction is not consummated; the occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement for the Proposed Transaction, which in certain circumstances may require Everi to pay a termination fee; significant transaction costs, fees, expenses, and charges in connection with the Proposed Transaction; operating costs, customer loss, and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining employee, customer, or other business, contractual, or operating relationships following the announcement or closing of the Proposed Transaction and the diversion of Everi management s attention from its ongoing business); failure to consummate or delay in consummating the Proposed Transaction for any reason; technological obsolescence and our ability to adapt to evolving technologies, including generative artificial intelligence; employee hiring, turnover and retention; our ability to comply with regulatory requirements under the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and maintain our certified status; and those other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report and Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Given these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will in fact transpire or prove to be accurate. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report and with the information included in our other press releases, reports, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Understanding the information contained in these filings is important in order to fully understand our reported financial results and our business outlook for future periods. 
 30 

Overview 
 Everi develops and offers products and services that provide gaming entertainment, improve our customers patron engagement, and help our casino customers operate their businesses more efficiently. We develop and supply entertaining game content, gaming machines and gaming systems and services for land-based and iGaming operators. Everi is a leading innovator and provider of trusted financial technology solutions that power casino floors, improve operational efficien cies, and help fulfill regulatory requirements. T he Company also develops and supplies player loyalty tools and mobile-first applications that enhance patron engagement for our customers and venues in the casino, sports, entertainment, and hospitality industries. In addition, the Company provides bingo solutions through its consoles, electronic gaming tablets and related systems. 
 
 Everi reports its financial performance, and organizes and manages its operations, across the following two business segments: (i) Games and (ii) FinTech. 
 
 Everi Games provides gaming operators with gaming technology and entertainment products and services, including: (i) gaming machines, primarily comprising Class II, Class III and Historic Horse Racing HHR slot machines placed under participation and fixed-fee lease arrangements or sold to casino customers; (ii) providing and maintaining the central determinant systems for the video lottery terminals VLTs installed in the State of New York and similar technology in certain tribal jurisdictions; (iii) business-to-business B2B digital online gaming activities ; and (iv) bingo solutions through consoles, integrated electronic gaming tablets and related systems. 
 
 Everi FinTech provides gaming operators with financial technology products and services, including: (i) financial access and related services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels; (ii) loyalty and marketing software and tools, regulatory and compliance RegTech software solutions, other information-related products and services, and hardware maintenance services; and (iii) associated casino patron self-service hardware that utilizes our financial access, software and other services. We also develop and offer mobile-first applications aimed at enhancing patron engagement for customers in the casino, sports, entertainment, and hospitality industries. Our solutions are secured using an end-to-end security suite to protect against cyber-related attacks, allowing us to maintain appropriate levels of security. These solutions include: access to cash and cashless funding at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine ATM debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and point of sale POS debit card purchases at casino cages, kiosk and mobile POS devices; accounts for the CashClub Wallet, check warranty services, self-service loyalty and fully integrated kiosk maintenance services; self-service loyalty tools and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings. 
 
 Additional Items Impacting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Our Financial Statements included in this report reflect the following additional items impacting the comparability of results of operations and financial condition: 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we determined that certain returned, end-of-life electronic gaming devices reflected in our Games segment were not likely to be re-deployed, primarily due to increased competition and demand for newer machines, together with uncertainty in light of the Proposed Transaction discussed in Note 5 Business Combinations included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. As a result, we shortened the remaining useful lives of these returned, end-of-life, electronic gaming devices and recorded a charge of approximately 6.4 million, which was included within Depreciation Expense of our Statements of Operations. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we identified certain component parts that were no longer expected to be utilized to manufacture, refurbish, or support certain of our end-of-life electronic gaming devices, as discussed in Note 9 Property and Equipment included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. As a result, we increased our Games segment inventory reserves by approximately 3.5 million, of which 3.0 million was included within Gaming Operations Cost of 
 31 

Revenues and 0.5 million was included within Gaming Equipment and Systems Cost of Revenues of our Statements of Operations. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we determined that the expected utility of certain firm purchase commitments in our Games segment had declined resulting in a charge of approximately 3.8 million, which was included within Operating Expenses of our Statements of Operations. For additional information, see Note 8 Inventory included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements with International Game Technology PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales IGT ), Ignite Rotate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of IGT Spinco ), Voyager Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ), and Voyager Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer Buyer Sub and together with Buyer, the Buyer Parties and each, a Buyer Party ), whereby IGT s Gaming Digital business IGT Gaming and Everi will be simultaneously acquired by Buyer, a newly formed holding company owned by funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. Apollo ), in an all-cash transaction (the Proposed Transaction ). In connection with the Proposed Transaction, we incurred transaction costs of approximately 4.6 million and 5.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and employee retention costs of approximately 2.4 million and 7.8 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For additional information, see Note 5 Business Combinations included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we entered into definitive agreements with, among others, IGT pursuant to which IGT agreed to spin-off a newly created subsidiary, which would own IGT Gaming, with the Company acquiring IGT Gaming in a series of transactions (the Original Proposed Transaction ). In connection with the Original Proposed Transaction, we incurred transaction costs of approximately 1.2 million and 16.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. On July 26, 2024, each of the definitive agreements for the Original Proposed Transaction was terminated by mutual consent of the respective parties thereto, effective immediately. For additional information, see Note 5 Business Combinations included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 During the second quarter of 2023, we acquired certain strategic assets of VKGS LLC Video King ), a privately owned provider of integrated electronic bingo gaming tablets, video gaming content, instant win games and systems. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, we paid the seller approximately 61.3 million, inclusive of a net working capital payment. The acquisition did not have a significant impact on our financial condition or results of operations as of and for the period ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, see Note 5 Business Combinations included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 32 

Trends and Developments Impacting our Business 
 Below we have identified a development that could have a material impact on our business: 
 Following the closing of the Proposed Transaction, IGT Gaming and Everi will be privately owned companies that are part of one combined enterprise and Everi s common stock will be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the terms of the agreements, Everi stockholders will receive 14.25 per share in cash (subject to adjustment for any stock or interest split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, combination of shares, reclassification, recapitalization, or other similar transaction) and IGT will receive 4.1 billion of gross cash proceeds for IGT Gaming, subject to customary transaction adjustments in accordance with the definitive agreements (such sale of IGT Gaming, the Equity Sale ). The acquisitions of IGT Gaming and Everi by Buyer are cross-conditioned. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and approval by Everi stockholders. 
 
 Operating Segments 
 We report our financial performance within two operating segments: (i) Games; and (ii) FinTech. For additional information on our segments, including information about certain items impacting the comparability of segment results, see Note 1 Business , Note 3 Revenues and Note 17 Segment Information included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 33 

Results of Operations 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents our Results of Operations as reported for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands) : 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 vs 2023 Revenues Games revenues 
 Gaming operations 
 67,158 36 78,400 38 (11,242) (14) Gaming equipment and systems 24,388 13 33,138 16 (8,750) (26) Games total revenues 91,546 49 111,538 54 (19,992) (18) FinTech revenues Financial access services 58,494 31 57,158 28 1,336 2 Software and other 26,958 14 24,838 12 2,120 9 Hardware 10,853 6 13,066 6 (2,213) (17) FinTech total revenues 96,305 51 95,062 46 1,243 1 Total revenues 187,851 100 206,600 100 (18,749) (9) Costs and expenses Games cost of revenues (1) 
 Gaming operations 12,674 7 10,363 5 2,311 22 Gaming equipment and systems 14,597 8 18,239 9 (3,642) (20) Games total cost of revenues 27,271 15 28,602 14 (1,331) (5) FinTech cost of revenues (1) 
 Financial access services 2,532 1 2,925 1 (393) (13) Software and other 3,586 2 1,484 1 2,102 142 Hardware 7,536 4 8,904 4 (1,368) (15) FinTech total cost of revenues 13,654 7 13,313 6 341 3 Operating expenses 72,745 39 61,014 30 11,731 19 Research and development 18,457 10 16,120 8 2,337 14 Depreciation 28,199 15 19,902 10 8,297 42 Amortization 16,096 9 15,202 7 894 6 Total costs and expenses 176,422 94 154,153 75 22,269 14 Operating income 11,429 6 52,447 25 (41,018) (78) Other expenses Interest expense, net of interest income 18,623 10 19,925 10 (1,302) (7) Total other expenses 18,623 10 19,925 10 (1,302) (7) (Loss) income before income tax 
 (7,194) (4) 32,522 16 (39,716) (122) 
 
 1. Exclusive of depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Rounding may cause variances. 
 34 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 vs 2023 Income tax (benefit) provision (4,620) (2) 5,879 3 (10,499) (179) Net (loss) income (2,574) (1) 26,643 13 (29,217) (110) 
 Rounding may cause variances. 
 The following table represents select revenue driving metrics for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 vs 2023 (in millions, except unit amounts and prices) Revenue driving metrics: 
 Gaming operations information: (1) 
 Total installed base at period end 
 16,241 17,676 (1,435) (8) Average units installed during period 
 16,440 17,802 (1,362) (8) Daily win per unit 
 33.63 36.26 (2.63) (7) Games unit sales information: (2) 
 Units sold 1,009 1,449 (440) (30) Average sales price 
 20,619 19,485 1,134 6 Value of financial access transactions: (3) 
 Funds advanced 3,152.1 3,042.4 109.7 4 Funds dispensed 8,887.1 8,376.2 510.9 6 Check warranty 501.0 490.7 10.3 2 Total value processed 12,540.2 11,909.3 630.9 5 Number of financial access transactions: (3) 
 Funds advanced 4.6 4.6 Funds dispensed 33.4 31.9 1.5 5 Check warranty 0.9 0.9 Total transactions completed 38.9 37.4 1.5 4 
 1. Gaming operations revenues are derived from the installed base of leased machines deployed at customer locations and the daily win per unit generated from these devices. 
 
 2. Gaming equipment revenues are derived from the units sold and the average sales prices generated from these machines. 
 
 3. Financial access services revenues are based on the total dollars and transactions processed. 
 
 35 

Revenues 
 Total revenues decreased by approximately 18.7 million, or 9 , to approximately 187.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the decline in Games revenues described below. 
 Games revenues decreased by approximately 20.0 million, or 18 , to approximately 91.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to a decrease of units sold, which was partially offset be an increase in the average selling price and is reflected in our gaming equipment and systems revenues. Our gaming operations revenues declined due to a reduction in the daily win per unit and a unit decline in the average units installed. 
 
 FinTech revenues increased by approximately 1.2 million, or 1 , to approximately 96.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to additional revenues from software sales and support related services attributable to our kiosk and loyalty solutions reflected in our software and other revenues, in addition to an increase compared to the same period of the prior year in transaction and dollar volumes processed, which are reflected in our financial access services revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in FinTech revenues was partially offset by a decrease in unit sales of kiosk and loyalty units reflected in our hardware revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Total costs and expenses increased by approximately 22.3 million, or 14 , to approximately 176.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the expenses described below. 
 Games cost of revenues decreased by approximately 1.3 million, or 5 , to approximately 27.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to the reduced variable costs associated with lower unit sales reflected in our gaming equipment and systems cost of revenues and reduced gaming operations costs associated with a lower installed base of leased machines. The decrease in Games cost of revenues was partially offset by approximately 3.5 million related to higher inventory reserves, of which 3.0 million was included within gaming operations cost of revenues and 0.5 million was included within gaming equipment and systems cost of revenues. 
 FinTech cost of revenues increased by approximately 0.3 million, or 3 , to approximately 13.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to an increase in variable costs related to higher software revenues from our kiosk and loyalty solutions, together with additional costs incurred for our loyalty hardware units. The increase was partially offset by the reduced variable costs of hardware revenues associated with the lower kiosk unit sales, in addition to a decrease in variable costs of financial access services from our check warranty offering. 
 Operating expenses increased by approximately 11.7 million, or 19 , to approximately 72.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to 8.2 million in transaction and related costs. In addition, we recorded a charge of approximately 3.8 million associated with a decline in the expected utility of certain firm purchase commitments in our Games segment. We also incurred rising expenses of approximately 0.8 million for software licensing and hardware maintenance and support for our Games and FinTech segments. The increase in operating expenses was partially offset by a reduction of 1.7 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense in our Games and FinTech segments. 
 
 Research and development expense increased by approximately 2.3 million, or 14 , to approximately 18.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to continued investment in new products in our Games and FinTech segments. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased by approximately 8.3 million, or 42 , to approximately 28.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily associated with a charge of approximately 6.4 million as a result of shortening of estimated useful lives on certain 
 36 

returned, end-of-life electronic gaming devices, together with an increase in capital spending in our Games segment. 
 Amortization expense increased by approximately 0.9 million, or 6 , to approximately 16.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily associated with capitalized software costs from development initiatives in both our Games and FinTech segments. 
 Primarily as a result of the factors described above, our operating income decreased by 41.0 million, or 78 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The operating income margin was 6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an operating income margin of 25 for the same period in the prior year. 
 Interest expense, net of interest income, decreased by approximately 1.3 million, or 7 , to approximately 18.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the approximately 0.9 million increase in interest income earned on our cash balances, 0.3 million in lower fund usage fees on currency required to operate our ATMs and 0.1 million of lower interest expense primarily from lower average balances on our variable debt. 
 Our income tax provision decreased by approximately 10.5 million, or 179 , that resulted in an income tax benefit of approximately 4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflected an effective income tax rate of 64.2 , which was higher than the statutory federal rate of 21.0 , primarily due to a research credit, the benefit from equity award activities and the 2023 federal return-to-provision adjustments recorded in the current reporting period, which were partially offset by a valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets. The income tax provision of 5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflected an effective income tax rate of 18.1 , which was lower than the statutory federal rate of 21.0 , primarily due to a research credit and the benefit from equity award activities, partially offset by state taxes and compensation deduction limitations. 
 
 Primarily as a result of the factors described above, we had a net loss of approximately 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net income of approximately 26.6 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 37 

Results of Operations 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents our Results of Operations as reported for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands) : 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 vs 2023 Revenues Games revenues 
 Gaming operations 
 211,716 37 231,490 38 (19,774) (9) Gaming equipment and systems 74,623 13 100,554 16 (25,931) (26) Games total revenues 286,339 50 332,044 54 (45,705) (14) FinTech revenues Financial access services 173,446 31 169,032 27 4,414 3 Software and other 77,484 14 73,048 12 4,436 6 Hardware 31,118 5 41,665 7 (10,547) (25) FinTech total revenues 282,048 50 283,745 46 (1,697) (1) Total revenues 568,387 100 615,789 100 (47,402) (8) Costs and expenses Games cost of revenues (1) 
 Gaming operations 32,025 6 25,557 4 6,468 25 Gaming equipment and systems 43,923 8 58,629 10 (14,706) (25) Games total cost of revenues 75,948 13 84,186 14 (8,238) (10) FinTech cost of revenues (1) 
 Financial access services 7,694 1 8,521 1 (827) (10) Software and other 10,203 2 4,830 1 5,373 111 Hardware 22,169 4 27,926 5 (5,757) (21) FinTech total cost of revenues 40,066 7 41,277 7 (1,211) (3) Operating expenses 212,726 37 181,596 29 31,130 17 Research and development 57,753 10 48,853 8 8,900 18 Depreciation 67,877 12 58,373 9 9,504 16 Amortization 47,775 8 43,739 7 4,036 9 Total costs and expenses 502,145 88 458,024 74 44,121 10 Operating income 66,242 12 157,765 26 (91,523) (58) Other expenses Interest expense, net of interest income 56,060 10 58,031 9 (1,971) (3) Total other expenses 56,060 10 58,031 9 (1,971) (3) Income before income tax 
 10,182 2 99,734 16 (89,552) (90) 
 
 1. Exclusive of depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Rounding may cause variances. 
 38 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 vs 2023 Income tax (benefit) provision (971) 17,629 3 (18,600) (106) Net income 11,153 2 82,105 13 (70,952) (86) 
 Rounding may cause variances. 
 The following table represents select revenue driving metrics for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 vs 2023 (in millions, except unit amounts and prices) Revenue driving metrics: 
 Gaming operations information: (1) 
 Total installed base at period end 16,241 17,676 (1,435) (8) Average units installed during period 
 16,850 17,852 (1,002) (6) Daily win per unit 
 34.14 36.26 (2.12) (6) Games unit sales information: (2) 
 Units sold 3,129 4,592 (1,463) (32) Average sales price 
 20,664 19,930 734 4 Value of financial access transactions: (3) 
 Funds advanced 9,367.6 9,015.4 352.2 4 Funds dispensed 26,628.0 24,665.3 1,962.7 8 Check warranty 1,488.1 1,436.7 51.4 4 Total value processed 37,483.7 35,117.4 2,366.3 7 Number of financial access transactions: (3) 
 Funds advanced 13.6 13.6 Funds dispensed 100.3 93.7 6.6 7 Check warranty 2.7 2.8 (0.1) (4) Total transactions completed 116.6 110.1 6.5 6 
 1. Gaming operations revenues are derived from the installed base of leased machines deployed at customer locations and the daily win per unit generated from these devices. 
 
 2. Gaming equipment revenues are derived from the units sold and the average sales prices generated from these machines. 
 
 3. Financial access services revenues are based on the total dollars and transactions processed. 
 39 

Revenues 
 Total revenues decreased by approximately 47.4 million, or 8 , to approximately 568.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the decline in Games revenues described below. 
 Games revenues decreased by approximately 45.7 million, or 14 , to approximately 286.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to a decrease in units sold, which were partially offset by an increase in the average selling price and is reflected in our gaming equipment and systems revenues. Our gaming operations revenues declined due to a reduction in the daily win per unit and a decline in the average number of units in our installed base for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The Games total revenue declines were partially offset by the full nine months of revenue earned from our bingo solutions reflecting the May 2023 acquisition of certain strategic assets of Video King as compared to only five months in the prior year, which were primarily reflected in our gaming operations revenues. 
 
 FinTech revenues decreased by approximately 1.7 million, or 1 , to approximately 282.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to a decrease in unit sales of our kiosk and loyalty units reflected in our hardware revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease compared to the same period in the prior year was partially offset by additional revenues from software sales and support related services attributable to our kiosk, loyalty and compliance solutions reflected in our software and other revenues and an increase in the transaction and dollar volumes processed reflected in our financial access services revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Total costs and expenses increased by approximately 44.1 million, or 10 , to approximately 502.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the expenses described below. 
 Games cost of revenues decreased by approximately 8.2 million, or 10 , to approximately 75.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to the reduced variable costs associated with lower unit sales reflected in our gaming equipment and systems cost of revenues. The decrease was partially offset by the additional costs related to our installed base of both leased gaming machines and bingo integrated gaming tablets reflected in our gaming operations cost of revenues and approximately 3.5 million related to higher inventory reserves, of which 3.0 million was included within gaming operations cost of revenues and 0.5 million was included within gaming equipment and systems cost of revenues. 
 FinTech cost of revenues decreased by approximately 1.2 million, or 3 , to approximately 40.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the reduced variable costs of hardware revenues associated with the lower unit sales of kiosk and loyalty units, in addition to a decrease in variable costs of financial access services from our check warranty offering. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in variable costs related to higher software revenues from our kiosk solutions, together with additional loyalty software and support costs. 
 Operating expenses increased by approximately 31.1 million, or 17 , to approximately 212.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to 29.4 million in transaction and related costs. In addition, we recorded a charge of approximately 3.8 million associated with a decline in the expected utility of certain firm purchase commitments in our Games segment. We also incurred rising expenses of approximately 4.4 million for software licensing and hardware maintenance and support for our Games and FinTech segments. The increase in operating expenses was partially offset by a reduction of 6.7 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense in our Games and FinTech segments. 
 40 

Research and development expense increased by approximately 8.9 million, or 18 , to approximately 57.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This change was primarily due to our continued investment in new products in our Games and FinTech segments. 
 Depreciation expense increased by approximately 9.5 million, or 16 , to approximately 67.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily associated with a charge of approximately 6.4 million as a result of shortening of estimated useful lives on certain returned, end-of-life electronic gaming devices, together with an increase in capital spending in our Games segment. 
 Amortization expense increased by approximately 4.0 million, or 9 , to approximately 47.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily associated with capitalized software costs from development initiatives in both our Games and FinTech segments. 
 Primarily as a result of the factors described above, our operating income decreased by 91.5 million, or 58 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The operating income margin was 12 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an operating income margin of 26 for the same period in the prior year. 
 Interest expense, net of interest income, decreased by approximately 2.0 million, or 3 , to approximately 56.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to the approximately 2.5 million increase in interest income earned on our cash balances and 0.9 million in lower fund usage fees on currency required to operate our ATMs, partially offset by 1.4 million of higher interest expense primarily from higher interest rates on our variable debt. 
 Our income tax provision decreased by approximately 18.6 million, or 106 , to an income tax benefit of approximately 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflected an effective income tax rate of negative 9.5 , which was lower than the statutory federal rate of 21.0 , primarily due to a research credit and the 2023 federal return-to-provision adjustments, which were partially offset by state taxes and a valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets. The income tax provision of 17.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflected an effective income tax rate of 17.7 , which was lower than the statutory federal rate of 21.0 , primarily due to a research credit and the benefit from equity award activities, partially offset by state taxes and compensation deduction limitations. 
 
 Primarily as a result of the factors described above, we had net income of approximately 11.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net income of approximately 82.1 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in our Financial Statements. The SEC has defined critical accounting estimates as those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the registrant. 
 There were no material changes to our critical accounting estimates as compared to those disclosed in our most recently filed Annual Report. 
 Recent Accounting Guidance 
 For a description of our recently adopted accounting guidance and recent accounting guidance not yet adopted, see the section entitled Recent Accounting Guidance in Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 The following table presents an unaudited reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents per GAAP to net cash position and net cash available (in thousands): 
 At September 30, At December 31 2024 2023 Balance sheet data Total assets 2,104,571 2,123,870 Total borrowings 970,317 974,465 Total stockholders equity 251,619 226,142 Cash available Cash and cash equivalents 595,955 267,215 Settlement receivables 81,921 441,852 Settlement liabilities (635,491) (662,967) Net cash position (1) 
 42,385 46,100 Undrawn revolving credit facility 125,000 125,000 Net cash available (1) 
 167,385 171,100 
 1. Non-GAAP financial measure. In order to enhance investor understanding of our cash balance, we are providing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q our net cash position and net cash available, which are not measures of financial position under GAAP. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP measures, and should be read in conjunction with our Balance Sheets prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our net cash position is cash and cash equivalents plus settlement receivables less settlement liabilities; and our net cash available is net cash position plus undrawn amounts available under our revolving credit facility. Our net cash position and net cash available change substantially based upon the timing of our receipt of funds for settlement receivables and payments we make to customers for our settlement liabilities. We present these non-GAAP measures as we monitor these amounts in connection with forecasting of cash flows and future cash requirements, both on a short-term and long-term basis. 
 Cash Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash balance, cash flows, and line of credit are expected to be sufficient to meet our recurring operating commitments and to fund our planned capital expenditures on both a short- and long-term basis. Cash and cash equivalents included cash in non-U.S. jurisdictions of approximately 25.6 million as of September 30, 2024. Generally, these funds are available for operating and investment purposes within the jurisdiction in which they reside, and we may from time to time consider repatriating these foreign funds to the United States, subject to potential withholding tax obligations, based on operating requirements. 
 We expect that cash provided by operating activities will also be sufficient for our operating and debt servicing needs during the foreseeable future on both a short- and long-term basis. In addition, we have sufficient borrowings available under our senior secured revolving credit facility to meet further funding requirements. Based upon available information, we believe our lenders should be able to honor their commitments under the Credit Agreement (defined in Note 11 Long-term Debt included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). 
 42 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 Cash flow activities Net cash provided by operating activities 458,935 161,013 297,922 Net cash used in investing activities (123,920) (156,783) 32,863 Net cash used in financing activities (4,339) (84,580) 80,241 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 259 (583) 842 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) for the period 
 330,935 (80,933) 411,868 Balance, beginning of the period 272,506 295,063 (22,557) Balance, end of the period 603,441 214,130 389,311 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities increased by approximately 297.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily due to changes in operating assets and liabilities, mostly associated with settlement activities from our FinTech segment. These receivables and liabilities are generally highly liquid in nature, with settlement receivables collected within one to three days of the financial access transaction performed by the patron and settlement liabilities repaid to our casino customers within three to five days of the original transaction date. As a result of the timing of weekends and holidays in relation to the close of an accounting period, the amount of uncollected settlement receivables and unpaid settlement liabilities can vary greatly. In addition, the changes in other operating assets and liabilities were related to cash receipts and disbursements in the normal course of business in both the Games and FinTech segments. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities decreased by approximately 32.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily attributable to the acquisition activities in the prior year period, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures from our Games segment in the current year period. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities decreased by approximately 80.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily related to share repurchase activities in the prior year period. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 Our 125 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolver remained fully undrawn and we had an outstanding balance on the 600 million senior secured term loan (the Term Loan of 580.5 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 For additional information regarding our credit agreement and other debt as well as interest rate risk refer to Part I, Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Note 11 Long-Term Debt included in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 Contractual Obligations 
 There were no material changes to our commitments under contractual obligations as compared to those disclosed in our Annual Report, other than a reduction in certain arrangements of approximately 38.4 million, primarily from our Games segment, and obligations discussed in Note 4 Leases, Note 5 Business Combinations, and Note 11 Long-Term Debt in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We expect that cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet such obligations for the foreseeable future. 
 43 

The reduction in contractual obligations included an accrued charge for the decline in expected utility of certain firm purchase commitments discussed in Note 8 Inventory in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. In addition, following the announcement of the Proposed Transaction, three purported stockholders of Everi filed complaints alleging that the definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting of Everi stockholders omitted or misstated material information with respect to the Proposed Transaction and seeking supplemental disclosures and other equitable and legal relief. The complaints are entitled Clancy v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al ., No. 1:24-cv-07255-AS (S.D.N.Y. filed Sept. 25, 2024), Marino v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al. , No. tc241024-69 (N.Y. S. Ct. filed Oct. 24, 2024) and Miller v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al. , docket no. unassigned (N.Y. S. Ct. filed Oct. 25, 2024) (the Complaints ). Thirteen other purported stockholders of Everi have sent demand letters to the Company making allegations and demands similar to those in the Complaints. It is possible that other complaints will be filed or demand letters received. While we believe resolution of the claims brought against us, both individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations, litigation of this nature is inherently unpredictable. Our views on these legal proceedings, including those described in Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may change in the future. We intend to defend against these actions, and ultimately believe that we should prevail. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of business, we have commercial arrangements with third-party vendors to provide cash for certain of our ATMs. For the use of these funds, we pay a usage fee on either the average daily balance of funds utilized multiplied by a contractually defined usage rate or the amounts supplied multiplied by a contractually defined usage rate. These usage fees, reflected as interest expense within the Statements of Operations, were approximately 4.8 million and 14.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 5.1 million and 15.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The usage fees decreased in the current reporting period as compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of lower average daily balances of supplied vault cash at our customer locations, partially offset by higher interest rates as a result of macro-economic conditions. We are exposed to interest rate risk to the extent that the applicable federal funds rate increases. 
 Under these agreements, the currency supplied by third-party vendors remains their sole property until the funds are dispensed. As these funds are not our assets, supplied cash is not reflected on our Balance Sheets. 
 Our primary commercial arrangement, the Contract Cash Solutions Agreement, as amended, is with Wells Fargo, N.A. Wells Fargo ). Wells Fargo provides us with cash up to 450 million with the ability to increase the amount permitted by the vault cash provider. The term of the agreement expires on December 1, 2026 and will automatically renew for additional one-year periods unless either party provides a ninety-day written notice of its intent not to renew. The outstanding balances of funds provided in connection with the agreement were approximately 230.5 million and 388.5 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 We are responsible for any losses of cash in the fund dispensing devices under this agreement, and we self-insure for this risk. We incurred no material losses related to this self-insurance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Our monetary assets that primarily consist of cash, receivables, inventory, as well as our non-monetary assets that are mostly comprised of goodwill and other intangible assets, are not significantly affected by inflation. We believe that replacement costs of equipment, furniture, and leasehold improvements will not materially affect our operations. However, the rate of inflation affects our operating expenses, such as those for salaries and benefits, armored carrier expenses, telecommunications expenses, and equipment repair and maintenance services, which 
 44 

may not be readily recoverable in the financial terms under which we provide our Games and FinTech products and services to gaming operators. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Th ere have been no material changes in our reported market risks or risk management policies since the filing of our Annual Report. 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. We operate and conduct business in foreign countries and, as a result, are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk related to our foreign operations is not material to our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. At present, we do not hedge this exposure; however, we continue to evaluate such foreign currency exchange risk. 
 In the normal course of business, we have commercial arrangements with third-party vendors to provide cash for certain of our fund dispensing devices. Under the terms of these agreements, we pay a monthly fund usage fee that is generally based upon the target federal funds rate. We are, therefore, exposed to interest rate risk to the extent that the target federal funds rate increases. The outstanding balance of funds provided by our primary third-party vendor was approximately 230.5 million as of September 30, 2024; therefore, each 100 basis points increase in the target federal funds rate would have approximately a 2.3 million impact on income before tax over a 12-month period. 
 The senior secured term loan and senior secured revolving credit facility Credit Facilities bear interest at rates that can vary over time. We have the option of paying interest on the outstanding amounts under the Credit Facilities using a base rate or a benchmark rate, the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ). We have historically elected to pay interest based on the benchmark rate, and we expect to continue to do so for various maturities. 
 The weighted average interest rate on the Term Loan, which includes a 50 basis point floor, was 7.92 and 7.94 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Based upon the outstanding balance of the Term Loan of 580.5 million as of September 30, 2024, each 100 basis points increase in the applicable SOFR would have a combined impact of approximately 5.8 million on interest expense over a 12-month period. 
 The interest rate is fixed at 5.00 for our senior unsecured notes due 2029; the refore, changing interest rates have no impact on the related interest expense. 
 At present, we do not hedge the risk related to the changes in the interest rate; however, we continue to evaluate such interest rate exposure. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 such that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 45 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting during the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 46 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 A discussion of our legal proceedings is contained in Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in Part I, Item 1: Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 We refer you to documents filed by us with the SEC; specifically, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our most recently filed Annual Report and Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2024, which identify material factors that make an investment in us speculative or risky and could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. We also refer you to the factors and cautionary language set forth in the section entitled Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This Quarterly Report, including the accompanying Financial Statements, should be read in conjunction with such risks and other factors for a full understanding of our operations and financial condition. The risks described in our Annual Report and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2024 are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. The risk factors included in our Annual Report have not materially changed, except as reflected in the following new risk factors: 
 The announcement and pendency of the Proposed Transaction could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 On July 26, 2024, we entered into definitive agreements with IGT, Spinco, Buyer, and Buyer Sub, whereby we and IGT Gaming are expected to be simultaneously acquired by Buyer, a newly formed holding company owned by funds managed by affiliates of Apollo, in an all-cash transaction (the Proposed Transaction ). Uncertainty about the effect of the Proposed Transaction on our employees, customers, and other parties may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is completed. These risks to our business in connection with the Proposed Transaction include the following, all of which could be exacerbated by a delay in the consummation of the Proposed Transaction: 
 the diversion of significant management time and resources from our ongoing business and operations as a result of the devotion of management s attention to the Proposed Transaction; 
 the impairment of our ability to retain, hire, and motivate our employees, including key personnel; 
 operating costs, customer loss, and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining employee, customer, or other business, contractual, or operational relationships following the announcement of the Proposed Transaction); 
 delays or deferments of certain business decisions by our customers, suppliers, and other business partners; 
 the inability to pursue alternative business opportunities or make appropriate changes to our business because, subject to certain exceptions, the merger agreement in connection with the Proposed Transaction (the Merger Agreement requires us to use reasonable best efforts to conduct our business and operations in all material respects in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and to preserve intact in all material respects the material components of our business organization and to maintain satisfactory relations with key customers, key suppliers, material licensors, and governmental authorities with whom we and our subsidiaries have significant business relationships or regulatory relationships, to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain satisfactory relations with all other customers, suppliers, and licensors, and to not engage in certain material transactions prior to the completion of the Proposed Transaction; 
 47 

the occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, which in certain circumstances may require us to pay a termination fee; 
 litigation matters relating to the Proposed Transaction, including the nature, costs, and outcome of pending and any future litigation and other legal proceedings related to the Proposed Transaction; 
 the incurrence of significant costs, fees, and expenses for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction; and 
 potential negative reactions from the financial markets. 
 In addition, any acquisition, merger, disposition, strategic investment, or similar activity may disrupt our ongoing operations, divert management from their primary responsibilities, subject us to additional liabilities, increase our expenses, and otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not achieve any or all of the anticipated financial results, cost synergies, or other benefits expected in connection with any such transaction, or strengthen our competitive position, or achieve other anticipated goals in a timely manner, or at all. Further, such transactions may be viewed negatively by our current or potential customers, financial markets, or investors. 
 The completion of the Proposed Transaction is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions by us, IGT, Buyer and Buyer Sub, including stockholder approval and certain regulatory conditions, and the failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction within the expected timeframe or at all could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our respective obligations, on the one hand, and those of the Buyer Parties, on the other hand, to effect the proposed acquisition, and of IGT, on the one hand, and the Buyer Parties, on the other hand, to effect the Equity Sale, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of various and customary closing conditions, including (but not limited to): (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement, subject to certain customary materiality qualifications, as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the closing of the Proposed Transaction, and compliance in all material respects with the covenants and obligations contained in the Merger Agreement; (ii) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote thereon (the Stockholder Approval (iii) (a) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and (b) the receipt and effectiveness of certain governmental approvals required under antitrust laws, foreign investment laws, and financial services laws (or the termination or expiration of any applicable waiting period thereunder), and gaming approvals from certain gaming authorities; and (iv) the absence of any order, writ, judgment, injunction, or decree that prevents, makes illegal, or prohibits the closing of the Proposed Transaction. 
 We can provide no assurance that the closing conditions will be fulfilled (or waived, if applicable) in a timely manner or at all, and, if all closing conditions are timely fulfilled (or waived, if applicable), we can provide no assurance as to the terms, conditions, and timing of the completion of the Proposed Transaction. Many of the conditions to completion of the Proposed Transaction are not within our control, and we cannot predict when or if these conditions will be fulfilled (or waived, if applicable). 
 The Proposed Transaction is complex in nature, and unanticipated developments, including, among other things, changes in law, the macroeconomic environment, market conditions, regulatory or geopolitical conditions, or natural disasters, may affect our, IGT s, or the Buyer Parties ability to close the Proposed Transaction as currently expected and within the anticipated time frame or at all. Additionally, the Merger Agreement includes certain termination rights for each of us, IGT, and the Buyer Parties, subject, in certain circumstances, to our payment to IGT and Buyer of a termination fee in an aggregate amount of 65 million in cash upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances. If we are required to make this payment, doing so may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Any changes to the Proposed Transaction or delay in closing the Proposed Transaction could cause us, IGT, or the Buyer Parties not to realize some or all of the expected benefits or to realize them on a different timeline than 
 48 

expected. In addition, the terms and conditions of the required regulatory authorizations and consents that are granted, if any, may impose requirements, limitations, or costs, or materially delay the closing of the Proposed Transaction. Additionally, there may be a significant or longer than expected time period between the Stockholder Approval and the closing of the Proposed Transaction, due to the timing of required regulatory approvals, satisfaction of other closing conditions, or other factors, including those described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors section. As a result, even if the requisite Stockholder Approval is obtained, the circumstances at the time of the closing may vary, including to a significant degree, from those at the time the Stockholder Approval was obtained, including, without limitation, with respect to our stock price or business and financial performance, developments in the industry in which we operate, external factors such as macroeconomic, regulatory, geopolitical, and market developments, or other factors not currently anticipated. However, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the closing will nonetheless occur upon the satisfaction or waiver of the required closing conditions as set forth in the Merger Agreement, irrespective of any change in circumstances between the time the requisite Stockholder Approval is obtained (if obtained) and the closing of the Proposed Transaction, unless otherwise provided for in the Merger Agreement. If the closing of the Proposed Transaction is delayed or does not occur, this could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, ability to pursue alternative transactions, and reputation. 
 There can be no assurance that a remedy will be available to us in the event of a breach of the Merger Agreement by any other party to the Merger Agreement, or that we will wholly or partially recover for any damages incurred by us in connection with the Proposed Transaction. A failed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us among our customers or in the investment community or business community generally. Further, any disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Proposed Transaction, including any adverse changes in our relationships with our customers, suppliers, lenders, partners, officers, employees, governmental entities, and other third parties, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed transaction or the perception that the transaction may be delayed or may not close. In addition, if the Proposed Transaction is not consummated, the share price of our common stock may likely decline, including below the 14.25 per share price of the Proposed Transaction. Further, if the Proposed Transaction is consummated, as our stockholders will receive cash in exchange for their shares, our stockholders will not be able to share in any potential upside of our common stock after the closing. 
 We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, expenses, and fees and other transaction costs in connection with the Original Proposed Transaction and the Proposed Transaction, for which we will have received little or no benefit if the Proposed Transaction is not completed. Fees and costs will be payable by us even if the Proposed Transaction is not completed and may relate to activities that we would not have undertaken except in connection with the Proposed Transaction. 
 The Merger Agreement contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue an alternative transaction, which may discourage a potential third party from making a favorable alternative transaction proposal, as well as certain limited termination provisions. 
 The Merger Agreement contains provisions that make it more difficult for us to seek an alternative transaction. Under these provisions, we have agreed not to, and to cause our subsidiaries (and to use reasonable best effort to cause our and their respective representatives) not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate the making, submission or announcement of, furnish any information regarding us or our subsidiaries to any person in connection with or in response to, engage in discussions or negotiations with any person relating to (other than to state that they are not currently permitted to have discussions), or approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or any Acquisition Inquiry (each as defined in the Merger Agreement) with respect to us, nor enter into any letter of intent or similar contract contemplating or relating to any Acquisition Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or any Acquisition Inquiry with respect to us (excluding certain permitted confidentiality agreements) (the No Shop Provision ). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, we receive a written Acquisition Proposal that did not result from a material breach of the No Shop Provision, and our board of directors determines in good faith (a) after consultation with our financial advisor that such Acquisition Proposal is or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Merger Partner Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and 
 49 

(b) after consultation with our outside legal counsel that the failure to take the following actions would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of our board of directors under applicable law, then we may furnish information regarding us or our subsidiaries, or enter into discussions and negotiations with the person making such Acquisition Proposal and its representatives, in each case subject to complying with specified notice requirements and other conditions as set forth in the Merger Agreement. 
 These provisions could discourage a potential third-party acquiror or merger partner that might have an interest in acquiring or combining with all or a significant portion of our business or pursuing an alternative transaction with us from considering or proposing such a transaction. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Merger Agreement, prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, our board of directors may, in certain limited circumstances, cause us to terminate the Merger Agreement to simultaneously enter into a definitive agreement to effect a Merger Partner Superior Proposal that did not result from a material breach of the No Shop Provision after compliance with specified notice requirements and other conditions as set forth in the Merger Agreement. In this and other specified circumstances, we would be required to pay to IGT and Buyer a termination fee in an aggregate amount of 65 million in cash upon termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 In addition, we may terminate the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, including if the Proposed Transaction is not consummated by July 26, 2025 (the Outside Date ), provided that the Outside Date may be extended under certain circumstances as specified in the Merger Agreement, including with respect to the timing of regulatory approvals and the Marketing Period (as defined in the Merger Agreement). However, the termination right will not be available to us if the failure to consummate the Proposed Transaction by such date is primarily attributable to our failure to perform any covenant or obligation in the Merger Agreement that we are required to perform. If we terminate the Merger Agreement, this could result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations, and if the Merger Agreement is terminated and we seek another business combination transaction, we may not be able to negotiate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to, or better than, the terms of the Proposed Transaction. 
 We will incur significant costs related to the Proposed Transaction that could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, and operating results. 
 We expect to incur significant costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction, including transaction costs, legal and regulatory fees, and other costs that our management team believes are necessary to effect or realize the anticipated benefits from the Proposed Transaction. The incurrence of these costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, including in the periods in which they are incurred. 
 The Merger Agreement contains our specified termination rights, including, among other things, that prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, our board of directors may, in certain limited circumstances, cause us to terminate the Merger Agreement to simultaneously enter into a definitive agreement to effect a Merger Partner Superior Proposal. In this and other specified circumstances, we would be required to pay to IGT and Buyer a termination fee in an aggregate amount of 65 million in cash upon termination of the Merger Agreement. The incurrence of such fee may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, and operating results in the period in which it is incurred. 
 The consideration to be paid by Buyer to our stockholders will not be adjusted in the event the value of our business or assets changes before the Proposed Transaction closes. 
 The consideration to be paid by Buyer to our stockholders will not be adjusted in the event the value of our business or assets changes, including as a result of the regulatory process. If the value of our business or assets changes after our stockholders approve the adoption of the Merger Agreement, the trading price of shares of our common stock may be less than or greater than our stockholders had anticipated when they considered the adoption of the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we will not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement solely because of changes in the trading price of shares of our common stock. 
 
 50 

The trading price of our shares of common stock may fluctuate as a result of the Proposed Transaction. 
 There can be no assurance that the trading price of our shares of common stock will not fluctuate prior to the closing of the Proposed Transaction. The trading price may increase or decrease (including above or below the 14.25 per share consideration to be paid by Buyer) due to, among other things, uncertainty of the closing of the Proposed Transaction or uncertainty as to the impact to our business during the pendency of the Proposed Transaction. Our stockholders will not be able to share in any potential upside that an indirect parent of Buyer will have by virtue of its ownership of IGT Gaming following the Equity Sale and us following the proposed acquisition. 
 Lawsuits have been filed and additional lawsuits may be filed against us and our board of directors challenging the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Proposed Transaction, which could prevent or delay the completion of the Proposed Transaction or result in the payment of damages. 
 Following the announcement of the Proposed Transaction three purported stockholders of Everi filed complaints alleging that the definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting of Everi stockholders omitted or misstated material information with respect to the Proposed Transaction and seeking supplemental disclosures and other equitable and legal relief. The complaints are entitled Clancy v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al ., No. 1:24-cv-07255-AS (S.D.N.Y. filed Sept. 25, 2024), Marino v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al ., No. tc241024-69 (N.Y. S. Ct. filed Oct. 24, 2024) and Miller v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al. , docket no. unassigned (N.Y. S. Ct. filed Oct. 25, 2024) (the Complaints ). Thirteen other purported stockholders of Everi have sent demand letters to the Company making allegations and demands similar to those in the Complaints. 
 It is possible that additional litigation against us or our directors may be filed in the future. Among other remedies, claimants could seek damages and/or to enjoin the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Proposed Transaction. 
 An adverse ruling in any pending or future lawsuit may delay or prevent the transactions contemplated by the Proposed Transaction from being completed. Any such actions may create uncertainty relating to the Proposed Transaction and may be costly and distracting to our management. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 (a) None. 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 (c) , a member of the Company s , on into a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy Rule 10b5-1(c) to purchase and sell up to shares of Company common stock between November 15, 2024 and April 18, 2025, subject to certain limit orders, all of which shares were to be acquired upon the exercise of employee stock option awards that are set to expire on . 
 There were no other Rule 10b5 1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K) or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) , modified or by any director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a 1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 51 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 2.1+# 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 26, 2024, by and among International Game Technology PLC, Ignite Rotate LLC, Everi Holdings Inc., Voyager Parent, LLC, and Voyager Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Everi Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 26,2024). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everi Holdings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Amendment No. 1 of Everi Holdings Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-123514) filed with the SEC on May 26, 2005). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everi Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Everi Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2009). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everi Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Everi Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2015). 
 3.4 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Everi Holdings Inc. (effective as of August 24, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Everi Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2015). 
 10.1+# 
 Separation and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2024, by and among International Game Technology PLC, Ignite Rotate LLC, Everi Holdings Inc., and Voyager Parent, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Everi Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 26, 2024). 
 10.2+# 
 Support Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2024, by and among International Game Technology PLC, Ignite Rotate LLC, Everi Holdings Inc., De Agostini S.p.A., and Voyager Parent, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Everi Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 26, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Randy L. Taylor, Chief Executive Officer of Everi Holdings in accordance with Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 Certification of Mark F. Labay, Chief Financial Officer of Everi Holdings in accordance with Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Everi Holdings in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - this instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 52 

Exhibit Number Description 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. # Certain information was redacted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. + Schedules (or similar attachments) to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission on a confidential basis up on request. 
 
 53 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 November 12, 2024 EVERI HOLDINGS INC. (Date) (Registrant) By: /s/ Todd A. Valli Todd A. Valli Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (For the Registrant and as Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q324exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Randy L. Taylor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everi Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 By s Randy L. Taylor Randy L. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q324exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Mark F. Labay, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everi Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 By s Mark F. Labay Mark F. Labay Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q324exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 EVERI HOLDINGS INC. 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Everi Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Randy L. Taylor, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Mark F. Labay, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 By s Randy L. Taylor Randy L. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer Dated November 12, 2024 By s Mark F. Labay Mark F. Labay Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 evri-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 evri-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 evri-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 evri-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 evri-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

