<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241231_10-Q_edgar_data_1608092_0001683168-24-009066.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3862555</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64206</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>782503</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>798610</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>985934</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1150042</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-009066.hdr.sgml : 20241231
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241231140815
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-009066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241231
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241231

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kisses From Italy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001608092
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				462388377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55967
		FILM NUMBER:		241592408

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 SW 8TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 423-7024

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 SW 8TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kisses From Italy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-009066.txt : 20241231

10-Q
 1
 kisses_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

Kisses From Italy Inc. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended: 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________________
to ________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

____________________________________________________________ 

 Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not applicable 
 Not applicable 
 Not applicable 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 31, 2024 there were
 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

KISSES FROM ITALY INC. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

September 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 2 6 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 27 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 28 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

KISSES FROM ITALY INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Index to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 9 
 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 10 

3 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

Kisses From Italy Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Equipment not in service 

Other Assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Notes payable -related party 

Convertible notes 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable long term -related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, Series A par value. shares authorized; zero shares issued and
 outstanding 

Preferred stock, Series B par value. shares authorized; zero shares issued and
 outstanding 

Preferred stock, Series C, par value shares authorized; shares and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31 2023, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Kisses From Italy Stockholders' Deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Kisses From Italy Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

Three months 
 Three months 
 Nine months 
 Nine months 

ended 
 ended 
 ended 
 ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Food sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation -related party 

Stock based compensations 

Payroll and other expenses 

Rent 

Consulting and professional fees 

Impairment of fixed assets 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 

Other income 

Change in the fair value of the derivative liability 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes (benefit) 

Net loss 

Less: (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Kisses From Italy, Inc. 

Basic (loss) per common share 

Diluted (loss) per common share 

Weighted -weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

5 

Kisses from Italy 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 

 (Unaudited) 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Non- 
 
 Total 

Series A 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Common stock issued for accounts payable 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of common stock as financing commitment shares 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Non-controlling interest, net loss 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Non-controlling interest, net income (loss) 

Stock based compensation for services 

Issuance of warrants for financing 

Stock based compensation for- services related party 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Issuance of common stock as financing commitment shares 

Sale of common shares pursuant to the Company's equity line of credit 

Issuance of preferred shares to pay accrued interest 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

(continued) 

6 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Non- 
 
 Total 

Series A 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Net loss 

` 

Non-controlling interest, net income (loss) 

Stock based compensation for services 

Stock based compensation for- services related party 

Warrant exercises for commitment fees 

Issuance of common stock as financing commitment shares 

Sale of common shares pursuant to the Company's equity line of credit 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

(continued) 

7 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Non- 
 
 Total 

Series A 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 controlling 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Footing error adjustment 

Share conversion error and reclassification adjustments 

Conversion of convertible notes and interest into common stock 

Issuance of shares on the Company's equity line of credit 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Conversion of convertible notes and interest into common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Kisses From Italy Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

Nine months 
 Nine months 

ended 
 ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations: 

Net (loss) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 

Stock-based compensation for services 

Change in the fair market value of derivative liability 

Impairment of fixed assets 

Issuance of financing commitment shares 

Issuance of financing commitment warrants 

Sale of equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Other assets 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the Company's equity line of credit 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Repayment of convertible notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Reduction of accounts payable and accrued interest with common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

9 

KISSES FROM ITALY INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and respectively. 

and , respectively. 

years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

-. 

each, respectively. As a result,
we reduced the right of use assets and lease liabilities to - - as of September 30, 2024. 

and respectively. 

, negative working capital of and an accumulated deficit of . 

Management has concluded that these condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. It is the Company s current intention to raise debt and/or equity
financing to fund ongoing operating expenses. There is no assurance that financing, whether debt or equity, will be available to the Company,
satisfactorily completed or on terms favorable to the Company. Any issuance of equity securities, if accomplished, could cause substantial
dilution to existing stockholders and any debt financing may contain covenants limiting certain corporate actions. Any failure by the
Company to successfully raise additional financing would have a material adverse effect on its business, including the possible inability
to continue operations. 

-
and , respectively, of equipment not in service. 

Accrued interest payable 

Total accrued liabilities 

and , respectively. The balance as of September 30, 2024 is comprised of three unsecured 
notes payable amounting to , , and extended to the Company by a significant shareholder of the Company that matures
on July 13, 2025. 

and respectively. 

On April 11, 2022, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement, dated as of April 6, 2022, (the Talos Purchase Agreement with Talos Victory Fund, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company Talos ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Talos a promissory note in the principal
amount of (the Talos Note ). The Company received gross proceeds from Talos due to the original issue discount
on the Talos Note. In connection with the execution and delivery of the Talos Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Talos Note, the
Company issued to Talos commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock of the Company
at an exercise price of . 

On April 13, 2022, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, (the Blue Lake Purchase Agreement with Blue Lake
Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Blue Lake ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Blue Lake a
promissory note in the principal amount of 
(the Blue Lake Note ). The Company received 
gross proceeds from Blue Lake due to the original issue discount on the Blue Lake Note. In connection with the execution and
delivery of the Blue Lake Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Blue Lake Note, the Company issued to Blue Lake 
commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional 
shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of . 

On May 13, 2022, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, (the Fourth Man Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, LLC Fourth Man ),
pursuant to which the Company issued to Fourth Man a promissory note in the principal amount of (the Fourth Man Note ).
The Company received gross proceeds from Fourth Man due to the original issue discount on the Fourth Man Note. In connection
with the execution and delivery of the Fourth Man Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Fourth Man Note, the Company issued to Fourth
Man, commitment shares and a warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock of the Company. 

Each of the notes bear interest at and has
a fixed price conversion to common stock at per share. 

Using the Black Scholes model, the Company recording
a financing expense of for the total of warrants issued on the Talos Note, Blue Lake Note and the Fourth Man Note. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2022,
the Company granted an underwriter warrants exercisable for five years at an exercise price of , and warrants exercisable
for five years at per share. Using the Black Scholes model, the Company recording a financing expense of for these warrants. 

As a result of the above transactions, the Company
has recorded in total financing fees in 2022 on these warrants issued to the noteholders and the underwriter. 

As of June 30, 2022 the Talos Note, Blue Lake
Note and the Fourth Man Note had converted their convertible notes to equity and no balance or accrued interest was due to these lenders. 

On July 26, 2022 the Company entered into a 
convertible note agreement at interest with a maturity date of with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC Diagonal ).
Under the terms of the note agreement Diagonal had the right to convert its note at a discount of 35 to the Company s lowest trading
price in the 10 days prior to conversion. 

On January 23, 2023 the Company paid off this
 convertible note along with accrued interest of and a prepayment penalty for a total payment of . On February
13, 2023 the Company entered into a new note with a 180 maturity on the same terms as the previous 70,000 note. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company, entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the JSC Purchase Agreement with Jefferson Street Capital LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company JSC ), pursuant to which the Company issued to JSC a promissory note in the principal amount of .00 (the JSC
Note ). The Company received .00 gross proceeds from JSC due to the original issue discount on the Note. In connection with
the execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Note, the Company issued to JSC commitment shares
(the JSC Commitment Shares and a warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock of the Company (the
 JSC Warrant ). 

The JSC Note bears interest at a rate of per
annum and is due and payable no later than February 9, 2024. Although the Company has the right to prepay the JSC Note without penalty,
the annual interest is due if the JSC Note is paid in full by the Company prior to maturity. Upon default of the Note, the interest increases
to . 

The JSC Note is convertible at a fixed conversion
price of (the JSC Conversion Price ), subject to standard adjustments. If the Company issues securities for less than
the JSC Conversion Price, the JSC Conversion Price shall be reduced to such an amount. 

The JSC Warrant provides for the purchase of up
to shares of the Company s common stock (the JSC Warrant Shares at an exercise price of per share.
The JSC Warrant is exercisable on the earlier of 180 days from the date it was issued or when a registration statement covering the JSC
Warrant Shares is declared effective. The JSC Warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis unless a registration statement covering the
JSC Warrant Shares has been declared effective at the time of exercise. The number of the JSC Warrant Shares is subject to customary adjustments. 

On June 6, 2023, but effective on June 12, 2023,
the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Firstfire Purchase Agreement with Firstfire Global Opportunity
Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Firstfire ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Firstfire a promissory
note in the principal amount of .00 (the Firstfire Note ). The Company received gross proceeds from Firstfire
due to the original issue discount on the Note. In connection with the execution and delivery of the Firstfire Purchase Agreement and
the issuance of the Firstfire Note, the Company issued to Firstfire commitment shares (the Firstfire Commitment Shares and a warrant (the Firstfire Warrant and together with the Firstfire Purchase Agreement and the Firstfire Note, the Firstfire
Transaction Documents to purchase an additional shares of common stock of the Company. 

The Firstfire Note bears interest at a rate of
 per annum and is due and payable on June 5, 2024. Although the Company has the right to prepay the Firstfire Note without penalty,
the annual interest is due if the Firstfire Note is paid in full by the Company prior to maturity. Upon default of the Firstfire Note,
the interest increases to the lesser of per annum or the maximum amount permitted by law. 

The Firstfire Note is convertible at the option
of Firstfire, at any time at a fixed conversion price of (the Firstfire Conversion Price ), subject to standard adjustments.
If the Company issues securities for less than the Firstfire Conversion Price, the Firstfire Conversion Price shall be reduced to such
an amount. 

The Firstfire Warrant issued to Firstfire provides
for the purchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock (the Firstfire Warrant Shares at an exercise
price of per share. The Firstfire Warrant is exercisable commencing on the date of issuance and ending on the five-year anniversary
of the date of issuance. The Firstfire Warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis, and the number of Firstfire Warrant Shares is
subject to customary adjustments. 

The Company s sales of shares of common
stock to Firstfire under the Firstfire Transaction Documents are limited to no more than the number of shares that would result
in the beneficial ownership Firstfire and its affiliates, at any single point in time, of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding shares
of the Common Stock. The Company and Firstfire made certain representations and warranties to each other that are customary for transactions
similar to this one, subject to specified exceptions and qualifications. 

On June 16, 2023 the Company paid off its 
Diagonal Note along with in accrued interest and fees. 

On June 21, 2023, the Company entered into an
amendment (the Amendment to the JSC Warrant with JSC, pursuant to which the parties provided that any stock issuances to
MacRab LLC, officers, directors, vendors, and suppliers of the Company in satisfaction of amounts owed to such parties, would not result
in an adjustment to the exercise price. In consideration for the Amendment, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to JSC.

shares
of common stock. On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and shares of common stock issued and
outstanding, respectively, with a par value per share. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares were issued upon the conversion of convertible notes into common stock. These shares were valued at 

shares were issued upon the conversion of convertible notes into common stock. These shares were valued at 

shares were issued on the Company s equity line of credit. These shares were valued at 

During the three months ended December 31, 2023,
the Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares were issued for related party services which were valued at 

shares were issued for services which were valued at 

shares were issued as commitment fees with the exercise of warrants which were valued at 

shares valued at were issued upon the conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest 

shares valued at were issued upon the conversion of accounts payable 

During the three months ended September 30, 2023,
the Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares were issued for related party services which were valued at 

shares were issued for services which were valued at 

shares were issued upon the exercise of warrants which were valued at 

shares valued at were issued as a commitment fee to obtain financing 

common shares were sold pursuant to the Company s credit line for gross proceeds of 

During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the
Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares were issued for related party services which were valued at 

shares were issued for services which were valued at 

shares were issued upon the conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest. These shares were valued at . 

shares valued at were issued as a commitment fee to obtain financing 

common shares were sold pursuant to the Company s credit line for gross proceeds of 

During the three months ended March 31, 2023,
the Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares for services valued at 

shares for financing commitments valued at 

shares upon the conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest valued at 

shares to pay off an accounts payable balance of 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued the following shares of stock: 

shares upon the conversion of Series C Stock 

shares for financing commitments valued at 

shares upon the conversion of convertible notes valued at 

Preferred Stock 

On December 19, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation with the State of Florida to designate shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock as Series
A Preferred Stock Series A Stock ), shares as Series B Preferred Stock Series B Stock and 
shares as Series C Preferred Stock Series C Stock ). 

A summary of the material provisions of the Certificate
of Designation governing the Series A Stock, the Series B Stock and the Series C Stock is as follows: 

Series A Stock 

The Series A Stock is not convertible. Each share
of Series A Stock shall entitle the holder to three hundred votes for each share of Series A Stock. Any amendment to the Certificate of
Designation requires the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of Series A Stock then outstanding. The holders of
Series A Stock are not entitled to dividends until and unless determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Liquidation Preference 

No distribution shall be made to holders of shares
of capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. The Series
A Stock ranks pari passu with the Series C Stock. 

There were shares of Series A Stock outstanding
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series B Stock 

The Series B Stock is convertible at any time
by the holder into the number of shares of common stock of the Company based on two times the price paid by the holder for the shares.
The Board has the authorization to establish a minimum price for the conversion price of the Series B Stock (so that if the market price
of the common stock of the Company drops below the issuance price, the conversion rate will then be based on the minimum price established
by the Board and not the price paid for the shares). The holders of Series B Stock shall not be entitled to voting rights except as otherwise
provided by applicable law. The holders of Series B Stock are not entitled to dividends until and unless determined by the Board. 

Liquidation Preference 

The holders of Series B Stock shall not be entitled
to any distributions upon a liquidation of the Company. 

Restrictions of Transferability 

The shares of the Series B Stock shall not, directly,
or indirectly, be sold, hypothecated, transferred, assigned, or disposed of in any manner without the prior written consent of the Board
and applicable securities laws. 

There were shares of Series B Stock outstanding
as of September 30, 2024, or December 31, 2023. 

Series C Stock 

The Series C Stock is convertible at any time
by the holder into the number of shares of common stock of the Company on the basis of three times the price paid for the shares divided
by the floor price of 0.10 established by the Board of Directors. The holders of the Series C Stock shall not be entitled to voting rights
except as otherwise provided for by applicable law. The holders of Series C Stock are not entitled to dividends until and unless determined
by the Board. 

Liquidation Preference 

Upon any liquidation of the Company, the holders
of Series C Stock shall be entitled to the amount paid for the shares of Series C Stock prior to the holders of shares ranking junior
to the Series C Stock. Upon the holders of the Series C Stock and any series of stock ranking pari passu with the Series C Stock having
received distributions to which they are entitled, the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed to the other holders pro rata
in proportion to the shares held by each holder. 

Restrictions of Transferability 

The Series C Stock shall not, directly, or indirectly,
be sold, hypothecated, transferred, assigned, or disposed of in any manner without the prior written consent of the Board and applicable
securities laws. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023
there were and shares of Series C Stock outstanding, respectively, which were purchased at a price of per share. 

On July 11, 2023 (the Issue Date ),
the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the GSC Purchase Agreement with GS Capital Partners, LLC, GSC ),
pursuant to which the Company issued to GSC a promissory note in the principal amount of .00 (the GSC Note ).
The Company received .00 gross proceeds from GSC due to the original issue discount on the GSC Note of . In connection
with the execution and delivery of the GSC Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the GSC Note, the Company issued to GSC commitment
shares (the GSC Commitment Shares and a warrant to purchase an additional shares of common stock of the Company
(the GSC Warrant at an exercise price of per share (the GSC Exercise Price ). In addition to the Commitment
Shares, the Company issued returnable shares to GSC (the Returnable Shares ), which are held in book-entry and
returnable to the Company by GSC unless there is an uncured default during the 12-month term of the GSC Note. 

The GSC Note bears interest at a rate of per
annum, at a fixed conversion price of (the GSC Conversion Price and is due and payable no later than July 11, 2024.
Interest on the GSC Note is payable in shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock commencing on the Issue
Date. The Note may be prepaid at an amount equal to 110 of the principal plus accrued interest within 180 days. 

The GSC Note can be accelerated upon the occurrence
of an event of default, which shall occur, among other events, (i) if the Company defaults in the payment of principal or interest on
the GSC Note or any other note issued to GSC by the Company, (ii) if a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Company
on the Issue Date are no longer serving as members of the board, (iii) the Company is not current in its filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, (iv) if the Common Stock are delisted from an exchange (including the OTC Market exchange), or if the Common Stock
trades on an exchange, and trading in the Common Stock is suspended for more than 10 consecutive days, or (v) the Company ceases to file
its reports under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). Upon an event of default, interest on the GSC Note
shall accrue at a default interest rate of per annum, and the GSC Conversion Price shall decrease from per share to per
share. 

The parties agree that while any principal amount,
interest or fees, or expenses are still outstanding under the GSC Note, the Company will not enter into any public or private offering
of its securities in which the Company receives cash proceeds in the aggregate of more than 450,000 with another investor or investor
that establishes rights or benefiting such other investor or investors in any manner more favorable in any material respect than the rights
and benefits established in favor of GSC. 

The GSC Warrant provides for the purchase of up
to shares of the Common Stock (the GSC Warrant Shares at the GSC Exercise Price and is exercisable at any time
on or after the Issue Date and terminating on the five-year anniversary of the Issue Date. The GSC Warrant may be exercised, in whole
or part, on a cashless basis unless a registration statement covering the GSC Warrant Shares is effective at the time of exercise, entitling
GSC to receive the number of shares calculated based on the closing price of the Common Stock immediately preceding the date on which
GSC elects to a cashless exercise of the GSC Warrant at the GSC Exercise Price, as adjusted. 

The Company s sales of shares of Common
Stock to GSC under the GSC Purchase Agreement is limited to no more than the number of shares that would result in the beneficial
ownership by the Buyer and its affiliates, at any single point in time, of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of the Common
Stock. 

The Company and GSC made certain representations
and warranties to each other that are customary for transactions similar to this one, subject to specified exceptions and qualifications. 

On August 22, 2023 (the Coventry Issue
Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Coventry Purchase Agreement with Coventry Enterprises,
LLC, Coventry ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Coventry a promissory note in the principal amount of .00
(the Coventry Note ). The Company received .00 gross proceeds from Coventry due to the original issue discount of
 . In connection with the execution and delivery of the Coventry Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Coventry Note, the Company
issued to Coventry commitment shares (the Coventry Commitment Shares and a warrant to purchase an additional 
shares of Common Stock (the Coventry Warrant at an exercise price of per share (the Exercise Price ).
In addition to the Coventry Commitment Shares, the Company issued returnable shares to Coventry, which are held in book-entry
and returnable to the Company by Coventry unless there is an uncured default during the 12-month term of the Coventry Note. 

The Coventry Note bears interest at a rate of
 per annum, at a fixed conversion price of (the Conversion Price and is due and payable no later than August 22,
2024. Interest on the Coventry Note is payable in shares of Common Stock commencing on the Coventry Issue Date. The Coventry Note and
all accrued interest on the Coventry Note may be prepaid in whole or in part without premium or penalty of any type. 

The Coventry Note can be accelerated upon the
occurrence of an event of default, which shall occur, among other events, (i) if the Company defaults in the payment of principal or interest
on the Coventry Note or any other note issued to Coventry by the Company, (ii) if a majority of the members of the board of directors
of the Company on the Coventry Issue Date are no longer serving as members of the board, (iii) the Company is not current in its filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, (iv) if the Common Stock are delisted from an exchange (including the OTC Market exchange),
or if the Common Stock trades on an exchange, and trading in the Common Stock is suspended for more than 10 consecutive days, or (v) the
Company ceases to file its reports under the Act. Upon an event of default, interest on the Coventry Note shall accrue at a default
interest rate of per annum, and the Conversion Price shall decrease from per share to per share. 

The Warrant provides for the purchase of up to
 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares at the Exercise Price and is exercisable at any time on or after the
Coventry Issue Date and terminating on the five-year anniversary of the Coventry Issue Date. The Warrant may be exercised, in whole or
part, on a cashless basis unless a registration statement covering the Warrant Shares is effective at the time of exercise, entitling
Coventry to receive the number of shares calculated based on the closing price of the Common Stock immediately preceding the date on which
Coventry elects to a cashless exercise of the Warrant at the Exercise Price, as adjusted. 

The Company s sales of shares of Common
Stock to Coventry under the Purchase Agreement is limited to no more than the number of shares that would result in the beneficial
ownership by Coventry and its affiliates, at any single point in time, of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

The Company and the Buyer made certain representations
and warranties to each other that are customary for transactions similar to this one, subject to specified exceptions and qualifications. 

Stock Options 

As of September 30, 2024, there were 
vested 10-year stock options outstanding. options had a strike price of 0.07, had a strike price of 0.25 and 
had a strike price of 0.50 and a remaining life of years. All options were immediately expensed during the second quarter of 2022
and the Company recorded an expense of related to these options. There have been no stock option issuances since September
30, 2021. As of September 30, 2024, these options had intrinsic value. 

21 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The information set forth in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution readers regarding certain forward-looking
statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether
or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical
information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results, or other developments. Forward-looking statements are
necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties,
and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change.
These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 

References in this section to Kisses from
Italy we, us, our, the Company refer to Kisses from Italy Inc., a
Florida corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Overview 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Florida
on March 7, 2013, with a focus on developing a fast, casual food dining chain restaurant business. It currently operates through the following
wholly-owned subsidiaries: (1) Kisses From Italy 9 th LLC, (2) Kisses From Italy-Franchising LLC; and (3) Kisses From Italy,
Inc. (Canada), a company incorporated under the laws of Canada and registered in Quebec on December 23, 2020. 

The Company s main focus is to develop a
fast, casual food dining chain restaurant business of corporate-owned restaurants and expanding through a nationwide/international franchise
and territory sales program. The Company commenced operations in May 2015 by opening its first location in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which
is the only operating restaurant as of the date of this Quarterly Report. The Company also opened in 2016 three additional restaurants,
located in various Wyndham Hotel properties in the Pompano Beach, Florida area, but these restaurants are no longer operational (in December
2017, the Company vacated one of its restaurants due to a hurricane; in June 2021, the Company consolidated its two Wyndham restaurants
into one location to become more efficient, and in May 2023, the Company made the decision not to renew a lease in Wyndham Palm Aire location
and to close its operations there. 

Kisses-Palm Sea Royal closed its store on September
30, 2023 but remained as an operating entity. In June 2024 the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Kisses From Italy 9 th 
LLC closed its store but remained as an operating entity. 

Management is actively evaluating current market
conditions and exploring the possibility of relocating our operations for both divisions to other areas within South Florida. This decision
stems from our ongoing commitment to strategic growth and optimizing our operational footprint. The consideration to relocate is driven
by several factors, including but not limited to: 

Market Dynamics: Analysis of market trends and
opportunities suggests potential advantages in certain geographic locations within South Florida that align more closely with our strategic
objectives. 

Operational Efficiency: Evaluating alternative
locations may provide opportunities to enhance operational efficiency, reduce costs, and improve service delivery to our customers. 

Infrastructure and Resources: Assessing the availability
of suitable infrastructure, resources, and talent pool in different areas to support our long-term growth plans. 

At this time these closings have not been considered
discontinued operations in accordance with ASC 205-20 because neither division has been disposed of, nor is disposal in the plan. 

22 

Recent Developments 

On February 8, 2024, the Company and SC Culinary
LLC entered into a termination agreement, pursuant to which the parties terminated the Strategic Alliance Agreement (the SAA dated the March 1, 2023 and agreed that neither the Company nor SC Culinary has any further liability or obligation to the other with
respect to the terms of the SAA, and the Company has no interest in any intellectual property rights owned or used by either SC Culinary
or Scott Conant. In connection with the termination of the SAA, on February 8, 2024, Scott Conant resigned from the board of directors
of the Company effective immediately. On February 16, 2024, the Company dissolved its subsidiary, The Ponte San gwich Shoppe
 Italian Deli. 

On February 9, 2024, the Company received the
notification letter from OTC Markets, Inc. notifying the Company that its bid price has closed below 0.01 for more than 30 consecutive
calendar days and that the Company no longer meets the Standards for Continued Eligibility for OTCQB (the OTCQB Standards ),
which requires maintaining proprietary priced quotations published by a Market Maker in OTC Link with a minimum closing bid price of 0.01
per share on at least one of the prior 30 consecutive calendar days (the Minimum Closing Bid Price ). Initially, OTC Markets
granted the Company a cure period of 90 calendar days, or until May 9, 2024, to regain compliance with the Minimum Closing Bid Price under
the OTCQB Standards, which was extended by OTC Markets to July 12, 2024. 

Results of Operations 

The information set forth below should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Nine Months ended September
30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 

Revenue and Cost of Sales 

Total revenues for the nine months ended September
30, 2024, were 49,327 compared to 203,406 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The significant decrease in revenues during
the nine months ended is attributable to the closing of the PSR location in September 2023 and the 9 th Street location during
the three months ended June 30, 2024. 

Cost of goods sold during the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 was 27,380 compared to 96,259 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is attributable to lower
sales volumes. 

Operating expenses 

Operating expenses were 164,334 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3,155,794 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Non-cash stock-based compensation
was -0- and 2,502,500 for the periods ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. Excluding the stock-based compensation
in both periods, operating expenses were 164,334 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 653,294 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. The significant decrease in all expense categories is primarily attributable to the closing of all company store
locations in 2024. 

Other income and expense 

Other expenses of 56,768 were comprised of interest
expense 69,787, offset by 13,019 in other income from the sale of equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to
other expense 1,472,892 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The significant decrease is primarily attributable to a reductions
in interest expense. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the foregoing, during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 we incurred a net loss of 199,155 attributable to Kisses from Italy Inc., compared to a net loss of 4,554,473
attributable to Kisses from Italy Inc. for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 30, 2024, we had 810 in cash and
cash equivalents. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 56,448
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used of 708,065 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023.
The decrease in net cash used in operating activities is primarily attributable to increased cash operating losses in 2023 compared to
the 2024 period. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 32,415 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 491,409 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease
is primarily attributable to 380,000 in net proceeds from convertible notes and 58,507 in notes payable in 2023 compared to zero in both
categories during the nine month period ended September 30, 2023 . 

We estimate that we will need approximately 1,000,000
to fully effectuate our business development plans. 

There can be no assurances that additional financing,
either through equity or debt, will be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms or at all. While we have had discussions with potential
investors and investment bankers, we have no agreement with any third party to provide additional financing. Our inability to obtain additional
financing may have a significant negative impact on our continued development and the results of our operations. 

Going Concern 

Our consolidated financial statements were prepared
to assume that we will continue as a going concern and do not include adjustments for the recoverability and the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve months following the date of the financial statements
that may be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows
from operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Management s discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
Our critical accounting policies are defined as those policies that we believe are the most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and results of operations and that require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result
of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. See notes to our financial statements, Note
[ ] Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

There were various accounting standards and interpretations
issued recently, none of which are expected to have a material effect on the Company's operations, financial position, or cash flow. 

24 

ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is a smaller reporting company and
is not required to provide this information. 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. 

These controls are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30,
2024. 

Inherent Limitations 
Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdown
can occur because of simple error or mistake. In particular, many of our current processes rely upon manual reviews and processes to ensure
that neither human error nor system weakness has resulted in erroneous reporting of financial data. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting . During the period covered by this Quarterly Report, there were no changes in our internal controls over
financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

25 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer, or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. The Company's property is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide
this information. 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Except as set forth below, there were no sales
of equity securities sold during the period covered by this Report that were not registered under the Securities Act and were not previously
reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company. 

On July 17, 2024 the Company issued 17,029,842
shares of common stock to GS Capital upon the conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest and fees. 

On August 2, 2024 the Company issued 17,799,927
shares of common stock to GS Capital upon the conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest and fees. 

On February 23, 2024, the Company issued 600,000
shares of Series A Preferred voting stock to each of Mr. Ferri and Mr. Di Turi. 

On January 26, 2024 the Company sold 2,346,674
shares to MacRab LLC through the Company s equity line of credit. 

On February 14, 2024, the Company sold 16,921,582
shares to MacRab LLC through the Company s equity line of credit. 

On February 28, 2024, the Company issued 16,888,888
shares of common stock to Jefferson Street Capital upon the conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest and fees. 

These transactions were exempt from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities
Act, as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. None of the securities were sold through an underwriter and, accordingly,
there were no underwriting discounts or commissions involved. 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no
director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

26 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KISSES FROM ITALY INC. 

Date: December 31, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Michele Di Turi 

Michele Di Turi 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 31, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Claudio Ferri 

Claudio Ferri 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kisses_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michele Di Turi, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kisses From Italy Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Michele Di Turi 

Michele Di Turi 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kisses_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudio Ferri, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kisses From Italy Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Claudio Ferri 

Claudio Ferri 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kisses_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
quarterly report of Kisses From Italy Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, the undersigned, in the capacity and on
the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Michele DI Turi 

Michele DI Turi 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kisses_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
quarterly report of Kisses From Italy Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, the undersigned, in the capacity and on
the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Claudio Ferri 

Claudio Ferri 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kitl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kitl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kitl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kitl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

