<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-Q_edgar_data_1006028_0001493152-24-050227.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3012076</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67546</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>675195</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>703091</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>689432</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>822898</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-050227.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216162519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-050227
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PURE BIOSCIENCE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				330530289
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14468
		FILM NUMBER:		241552160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		771 JAMACHA ROAD #512
		CITY:			EL CAJON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-596-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		771 JAMACHA ROAD #512
		CITY:			EL CAJON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE BIOSCIENCE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE BIOSCIENCES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INNOVATIVE MEDICAL SERVICES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-050227.txt : 20241216

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of December 16, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value per share, outstanding. 

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. 

Form
10-Q 

 for
the Quarterly Period Ended October 31, 2024 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 

PART
 II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 23 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Other Information 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Exhibits 
 24 

Signatures 
 25 

2 

Part
I - Financial Information 

Item
1. Financial Statements 

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

October 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories, net 

Restricted cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders deficiency 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Convertible notes payable to related parties 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders deficiency 

Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024, and July 31, 2024 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficiency 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficiency 

See
accompanying notes. 

3 

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 

Three months ended 

October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net product sales 

Royalty revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating costs and expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense to related parties, net 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share 

See
accompanying notes. 

4 

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficiency 

 (Unaudited) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 
 
 Balance July 31, 2024 

Share-based compensation expense - stock options 

Net loss 

Balance October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 
 
 Balance July 31, 2023 

Balance 

Share-based compensation expense - stock options 

Net loss 

Balance October 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes. 

5 

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 

Three Months Ended 

October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Interest on note payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Financing activities 

Net proceeds from note payable to related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the condensed consolidated balance sheets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See
accompanying notes. 

6 

PURE
Bioscience, Inc. 

 Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

For
the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 

. During the three
months ended October 31, 2024, it recorded a net loss of on recorded net revenue of . In addition, during the three
months ended October 31, 2024 the Company used in operating activities resulting in a cash balance of as of October
31, 2024. The Company s history of recurring operating losses, and negative cash flows from operating activities give rise to substantial
doubt regarding its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its
report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2024, has also expressed substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that
may result from our possible inability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s future capital requirements depend on numerous forward-looking factors. These factors may include, but are not limited
to, the following: the acceptance of, and demand for, its products; the Company s success and the success of its partners in selling
our products; the Company s success and the success of its partners in obtaining regulatory approvals to sell its products; the
costs of further developing the Company s existing products and technologies; the extent to which the Company invests in new product
and technology development; and the costs associated with the continued operation, and any future growth, of its business. The outcome
of these and other forward-looking factors will substantially affect its liquidity and capital resources. 

Until
the Company can continually generate positive cash flow from operations, it will need to continue to fund its operations with the proceeds
of offerings of our equity and debt securities. However, the Company cannot ensure that additional financing will be available when needed
or that, if available, financing will be obtained on terms favorable to the Company or to its stockholders. If the Company raises additional
funds from the issuance of equity securities, substantial dilution to its existing stockholders would likely result. If the Company raises
additional funds by incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as covenants
and specific financial ratios that may restrict its ability to operate its business. 

SILV RION 

Revenue 

Variable
Consideration 

The
Company records revenue from customers in an amount that reflects the transaction price it expects to be entitled to after transferring
control of those goods or services. From time to time, the Company offer sales promotions on its products such as discounts. Variable
consideration is estimated at contract inception only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not
occur. 

and
 , respectively, have been excluded from the computation of diluted shares outstanding. 

Restricted stock units 

Shares issuable upon the conversion of debt 

Total 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

Inventories
at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, are net of a reserve for inventory obsolescence of . 

and of the Company s
net product sales. No other individual customer accounted for or more of its net product sales. All net product sales occurred in
the United States. For the three months ended October 31, 2023, one individual customer accounted for of the Company s net
product sales. No other individual customer accounted for or more of its net product sales. All net product sales occurred in the
United States. 

Accounts
receivable. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had accounts receivable from one customer that comprised of total accounts receivable.
As of October 31, 2023, the Company had accounts receivable from one customer that comprised , of total accounts receivable. 

Purchases.
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, one vendor accounted for of the Company s purchases. For the three months
ended October 31, 2023, two vendors accounted for and of the Company s purchases. 

Accounts
payable. As of October 31, 2024, one vendor accounted for of the total trade accounts payable. As of October 31, 2023, two vendors
accounted for and of the total trade accounts payable. 

segment for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the Segment Reporting 
Topic of the ASC, its chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President, who reviews operating
results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance, which is based
on a management approach to segment reporting, establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly and to report
annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services, major customers, and the countries in which the entity holds material assets
and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting due to their similar
customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing and distribution
processes. Since the Company operates in one segment, all financial information required by Segment Reporting can be found
in the accompanying financial statements. 

, or the 2025 Private
Placement. The 2025 Note Documents provide for subsequent closings for an aggregate offering size of million in principal balance.
 Tom Y. Lee, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, or the Board, invested 
in the 2025 Private Placement, through affiliates or directly. The disinterested members of the Board approved the 2025 Private Placement.
 As of October 31, 2024, of principal was outstanding under the 2025 Note Documents. 

The
2025 Note Documents provided that the interest to the 2025 Lenders shall accrue at the rate of , compounded annually. The Maturity
Date (as defined in the 2025 Notes) of the 2025 Notes is the third-year anniversary of the date of issuance, or such earlier date as
the 2024 Notes provide. 

Conversion .
All or any portion of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, is convertible at any time, in whole
or in part, at a 2025 Lender s or the Company s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price
equal to the 30-day volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock as reported on the market or exchange on which

March
and June 2024 Convertible Note Purchase Agreements 

On
March 22, 2024, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, or the 2024 Note Purchase Agreement, with certain accredited investors,
or 2024 Lenders, pursuant to which the Company issued the Lenders convertible promissory notes, or the 2024 Notes, collectively with
the 2024 Note Purchase Agreement, the 2024 Note Documents, with an aggregate principal balance of , or the 2024 Private Placement.
 Tom Y. Lee, a member of the Company s Board, invested in the 2024 Private Placement,
through affiliates or directly. The disinterested members of the Board approved the 2024 Private Placement. 

On
June 21, 2024, the Company issued an additional 2024 Note to Mr. Lee pursuant to the 2024 Note Purchase Agreement in a subsequent closing
with an aggregate principal of . The disinterested members of the Board approved the 2024 Private Placement. As of October 31,
2024, of principal was outstanding under the 2024 Note Documents. 

The
2024 Note Documents provided that the interest to the 2024 Lenders shall accrue at the rate of , compounded annually. The Maturity
Date (as defined in the 2024 Notes) of the 2024 Notes is the third-year anniversary of the date of issuance, or such earlier date as
the 2024 Notes provide. 

Conversion .
All or any portion of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, is convertible at any time, in whole
or in part, at a 2024 Lender s or the Company s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price equal to the 30-day volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock as reported on the market or exchange on
which 

July
and October 2023 Convertible Note Purchase Agreements 

In
July, 2023, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, or the 2023 Note Purchase Agreement with certain accredited
investors, or the 2023 Lenders, pursuant to which the Company issued the 2023 Lenders convertible promissory notes, or the 2023
Notes, collectively with the 2023 Note Purchase Agreement, or the 2023 Note Documents, with an aggregate principal balance of 
the 2023 Private Placement. The 2023 Note Documents provide for subsequent closings for an aggregate offering size of 
million in principal balance. Messrs. Tom Y. Lee and Ivan Chen, each a member of the Company s Board invested 
and ,
as of July 31, 2023, respectively in the 2023 Private Placement, through affiliates or directly. On October 20, 2023, we issued an
additional 2023 Note to Mr. Lee pursuant to the 2023 Note Purchase Agreement in a subsequent closing with an aggregate principal of
 .
The disinterested members of the Board approved the 2023 Private Placement. As of October 31, 2024, 
of principal was outstanding under 2023 Note Documents. 

The
2023 Note Documents provided that the interest to the Lender shall accrue at the rate of and , compounded annually, for the
2023 Notes issued in July 2023 and the October 2023 Note issued in October 2023, respectively. The Maturity Date (as defined in the Notes)
of the 2023 Notes is the third-year anniversary of the date of issuance, or such earlier date as the 2023 Notes provide. 

Conversion.
 All or any portion of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, is convertible at any time, in whole
or in part, at a 2023 Lender s or the Company s option, into shares of 

Other
terms of the Note Agreements. 

Further,
on all the notes discussed above, in the event of certain corporate transactions, all outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest
due on such Notes shall be automatically converted into conversion shares on the trading day immediately prior to the closing date of
such corporate transaction. The number of shares to be issued upon such conversion shall be based on the VWAP on the last trading day
prior to the public announcement of the execution of the definitive documents with respect to such transaction. 

Events
of Default . The Notes Documents provide for certain events of default that are typical for a transaction of this type, including,
among other things, default in the payment of principal or interest for more than 30 days, the Company s making an assignment for
the benefit of creditors, within 15 days after the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings against the Company, or breach of certain covenants
described below. 

Covenants .
The Company will be subject to certain customary covenants regarding the current public information, reservation of adequate share reserve,
and maintenance of intellectual property rights, among other customary matters. 

During
the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized and of interest expense related to the 2025,
2024 and 2023 Notes, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, interest of was added to the principal resulting in a balance owed
of . In addition, as of October 31, 2024, the Notes and accrued interest were convertible into shares of common
stock. 

RSUs are issuable as of October 31, 2024. 

Stock
Option Plans 

2024
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company s shareholders approved its 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2024 Plan, in February 2024, which has a share reserve of
 shares of common stock that were registered under a Form S-8 filed with the SEC in August 2024. The 2024 Plan provides for
the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, as well as other share-based payment awards, to its employees, directors, consultants
and advisors. These awards have up to a -year contractual life and are subject to various vesting periods, as determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Board. The 2024 Plan replaced the prior amended and restated 2007 and 2017 shareholder approved equity plans. As of
October 31, 2024, there were shares available for issuance under the 2024 Plan. 

During
the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors granted stock options to the
Company s employees, officers, directors and consultants with a fair value of as determined by the Black Scholes option
pricing model. The vesting terms of the options vary between one and two years and carry a ten-year term. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at October 31, 2024 

The
weighted-average remaining contractual term of options outstanding at October 31, 2024 was years. 

At
October 31, 2024, options to purchase shares of common stock were exercisable. These options had a weighted-average exercise
price of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. The total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
stock option grants as of October 31, 2024 was approximately and the weighted average period over which these grants are expected
to vest is years. 

For
the three months ended October 31, 2024, share-based compensation expense for stock options that vested during the period was .
For the three months ended October 31, 2023, share-based compensation expense for stock options that vested during the period was . 

We
use the Black-Scholes valuation model to calculate the fair value of stock options. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over
the vesting period using the straight-line method. The fair value of stock options was estimated at the grant date using the following
weighted average assumptions: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected life 

Volatility
is the measure by which our stock price is expected to fluctuate during the expected term of an option. Volatility is derived from the
historical daily change in the market price of our common stock, as we believe that historical volatility is the best indicator of future
volatility. 

The
risk-free interest rates used in the Black-Scholes calculations are based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield as determined by the
U.S. Federal Reserve. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
we have assumed no dividend yield for purposes of estimating the fair value of our share-based compensation. 

The
expected life of options was estimated using the average between the contractual term and the vesting term of the options. 

and in board fees due to officers and directors,
respectively. 

. 

13 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

All
references in this Item 2 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report to PURE, we , our, us 
and the Company refer to PURE Bioscience, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and our wholly owned subsidiary, ETI H2O, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation. ETI H2O, Inc. currently has no business operations and no material assets or liabilities and there have been no
significant transactions related to ETI H2O, Inc. during the periods presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

The
discussion in this section contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance.
We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, believe, can, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, 
 potential, predict, should, would or will or the negative of these
terms or other comparable terminology, but their absence does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These statements are
only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause our actual results to differ
from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. Several risks and uncertainties we face are discussed in more detail
under Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report or in the discussion and analysis below. You should, however,
understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risks and uncertainties and you should not consider the risks and uncertainties
identified by us to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties that could materially affect us. You should not place undue
reliance on the forward-looking statements we make herein because some or all of them may turn out to be wrong. We undertake no obligation
to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events and developments, except as required by law.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those financial
statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview 

We
are dedicated to developing and commercializing proprietary antimicrobial products that address health and environmental challenges related
to pathogen and hygienic control. Our technology platform is based on patented stabilized ionic silver, and our initial products contain
Silver Dihydrogen Citrate, or SDC. This broad-spectrum, non-toxic antimicrobial agent is available in liquid form and various concentrations,
distinguished by its superior efficacy, reduced toxicity, non-causticity, and the inability of bacteria to develop resistance. 

Our
SDC-based disinfecting and sanitizing products are registered with the United States Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, the United
States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and Health Canada. In addition to manufacturing and distributing these products, we also
supply SDC-based formulations as raw material ingredients for personal care products. 

We
see significant market opportunities for our safe and effective SDC-based solutions, particularly in the food industry. Our registered
offerings include PURE Hard Surface, a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant designed for restaurant chains, food processors,
and transportation companies, as well as PURE Control , a direct food contact processing aid. Our products are sold directly to end-use
customers, as well as third-party distributors who market and sell our products across various industries, maximizing our reach and impact. 

14 

Business
Strategy 

Our
goal is to establish a sustainable company by commercializing SDC-based products developed through our proprietary technology platform.
We aim to deliver leading antimicrobial solutions that tackle food safety risks across the entire food industry supply chain. Our products
are sold directly to end-use customers and through our expanding distribution network. Key elements of our business strategy include: 

1. 
 Growing
 and supporting our distribution network. Expanding sales through distribution provides the following: 

a. 
 Expanded
 Reach: Distributors often have established networks and customer relationships, allowing us to access new 
 markets
 and customer segments more efficiently. 

b. 
 Cost
 Savings: Utilizing distributors can reduce overhead costs associated with logistics, warehousing, and inventory 
 management. 

c. 
 Market
 Knowledge: Distributors typically have local market insights and expertise, helping us navigate regional 
 preferences
 and regulatory requirements. 

d. 
 Faster
 Time to Market: Distributors can accelerate product availability in geographic regions throughout the country, 
 enabling
 quicker responses and shortening the sales cycle. 

e. 
 Sales
 Support: Distributors provide additional sales resources and support, such as training and promotional activities, 
 enhancing
 product visibility. 

f. 
 Scalability:
 Distributors can easily scale operations to accommodate growth without requiring significant investment 
 from
 the manufacturer. 

g. 
 Customer
 Service: Local distributors can offer better customer support, including faster response times and tailored 
 services
 to meet specific client needs. 

2. 
 Continuing
 to partner with third parties seeking, or intending to seek, approvals to market SDC-based products outside the 
 U.S. 

3. 
 Developing additional proprietary
 products and applications. 

4. 
 Protecting and enhancing
 our intellectual property. 

In
addition to our existing food safety products, we plan to leverage our technology platform through licensing and distribution collaborations
to create new products and explore additional markets, aiming to generate multiple revenue streams. 

15 

Financial
Overview 

This
financial overview provides a general description of our revenue and expenses. 

Net
Product Sales 

We
contract manufacture and sell SDC-based products for end use, and as a raw material for manufacturing use. We recognize revenue when
we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised goods or services to our customers, in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Any amounts received prior to satisfying revenue
recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Revenue Recognition . 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold for product sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture products, including materials consumed, manufacturing
overhead, shipping costs, salaries, benefits, reserved inventory, and related expenses of operations. Depreciation related to manufacturing
is systematically allocated to inventory produced, and expensed through cost of goods sold at the time inventory is sold. 

Selling,
General and Administrative 

Selling,
general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other related costs for personnel in business development, sales,
finance, accounting, information technology, and executive functions. Other selling, general and administrative costs include product
marketing, advertising, and trade show costs, as well as public relations and investor relations, facility costs, and legal, accounting
and other professional fees. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development activities are focused on leveraging our technology platform to develop additional proprietary products and
applications. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel and related costs, product registration expenses, and
third-party testing. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

We
record interest income, interest expense, as well as other non-operating transactions, as other income (expense) in our consolidated
statements of operations. 

Results
of Operations 

Fluctuations
in Operating Results 

Our
results of operations have fluctuated significantly from period to period in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future.
We anticipate that our results of operations will be affected for the foreseeable future by several factors that may contribute to these
periodic fluctuations, including fluctuations in the buying patterns of our current or potential customers for which we have no visibility,
the mix of product sales including a change in the percentage of higher or lower margin formulations and packaging configurations of
our products, the cost of product sales including component costs, our inability for any reason to be able to meet demand, the achievement
and timing of research and development and regulatory milestones, unforeseen changes in expenses, including non-cash expenses such as
the fair value of equity awards granted and the fair value change of derivative liabilities, the calculation of which includes several
variable assumptions, and unforeseen manufacturing or supply issues, among other issues. Due to these fluctuations, we believe that the
period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are not a reliable indication of our future performance. As of the date of this
filing, we are not aware of any trends in these factors or events or conditions that we believe are reasonably likely to impact our results
of operations in the future. 

16 

Comparison
of the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 

Net
Product Sales 

Net
product sales were 555,000 and 718,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease of 163,000
was attributable to decreased sales across our end user customer base. Our top customer accounted for 166,000 of net product sales for
the three months ended October 31, 2024. 

For
the three months ended October 31, 2024, two individual customers accounted for 30 and 10 of our net product sales, respectively. No
other individual customer accounted for 10 or more of our net product sales. All of our net product sales were U.S. based sales. 

For
the three months ended October 31, 2023, one individual customer accounted for 41 of our net product sales. No other individual customer
accounted for 10 or more of our net product sales. All of our net product sales were U.S. based sales. 

During
the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 1,000 and 4,000 in royalties from a nonexclusive third-party distributor,
respectively. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold was 231,000 and 280,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease of 49,000 was
primarily attributable to decreased sales. 

Gross
margin as a percentage of net product sales, or gross margin percentage, was 58 and 61 for the three months ended October 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily attributable to the sale of higher packaging configurations
of our products during the quarter ended October 31, 2023, as compared with the current period. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expense 

Selling,
general and administrative expense was 881,000 and 1,073,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
decrease of 192,000 was primarily attributable to decreased personnel costs and facilities expenses. These decreases were partially
offset by increased travel and marketing expense. 

Share-based
compensation expense, included in selling, general and administrative expense, was 57,000 and 80,000 for the three months ended October
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease of 23,000 is primarily due to the prior year vesting of stock options and restricted stock
units granted to employees, directors and consultants supporting our selling, general and administrative functions. 

Research
and Development Expense 

Research
and development expense, primarily consisting of third-party fees and personnel costs, was 71,000 and 80,000 for the three months ended
October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense was 62,000 and 24,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase of 38,000 was due to
accrued interest on the convertible notes payable due to related parties. 

17 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of October 31, 2024, we had 421,000 in cash and cash equivalents compared with 424,000 in cash and cash equivalents as of July 31,
2024. The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents was attributable to cash used to fund operations offset by the note payable financing
that occurred in September 2024. Additionally, as of October 31, 2024, we had 911,000 of current liabilities, including 718,000 in
accounts payable, compared with 733,000 of current liabilities, including 601,000 in accounts payable as of July 31, 2024. The net
increase in current liabilities was due to trade payables due to our vendors. 

We
have a history of recurring losses, and as of October 31, 2024 we have a stockholder deficiency of 3,496,000. During the three months
ended October 31, 2024, we recorded a net loss of 689,000 on recorded net revenue of 556,000. In addition, during the three months
ended October 31, 2024 we used 503,000 in operating activities resulting in a cash balance of 346,000 as of October 31, 2024. Our history
of recurring operating losses, and negative cash flows from operating activities give rise to substantial doubt regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from our possible inability
to continue as a going concern. 

Our
future capital requirements depend on numerous forward-looking factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the following:
the acceptance of, and demand for, our products; our success and the success of our partners in selling our products; our success and
the success of our partners in obtaining regulatory approvals to sell our products; the costs of further developing our existing products
and technologies; the extent to which we invest in new product and technology development; and the costs associated with the continued
operation, and any future growth, of our business. The outcome of these and other forward-looking factors will substantially affect our
liquidity and capital resources. 

Until
we can continually generate positive cash flow from operations, we will need to continue to fund our operations with the proceeds of
offerings of our equity and debt securities. However, we cannot assure you that additional financing will be available when needed or
that, if available, financing will be obtained on terms favorable to us or to our stockholders. If we raise additional funds from the
issuance of equity securities, substantial dilution to our existing stockholders would likely result. If we raise additional funds by
incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well as covenants and specific financial
ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of
these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues,
expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and
on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

In
addition, the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report have been prepared and presented on a basis
assuming we will continue as a going concern. Until we can generate significant cash from operations, we expect to continue to fund our
operations with the proceeds of offerings of our equity and debt securities. However, we cannot assure you that additional financing
will be available when needed or that, if available, financing will be obtained on terms favorable to us or to our stockholders. If we
raise additional funds from the issuance of equity securities, substantial dilution to our existing stockholders would likely result.
If we raise additional funds by incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well
as covenants and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Further, any contracts or license arrangements
we enter into to raise funds may require us to relinquish our rights to our products or technology, and we cannot assure you that we
will be able to enter into any such contracts or license arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all. Having insufficient funds may require
us to delay or scale back our marketing, distribution and other commercialization activities or cease our operations altogether. Our
financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability or classification of recorded assets and classification
of recorded liabilities. 

18 

We
believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to aid you in understanding and evaluating our reported financial
results. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ),
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ). Under Topic 606, revenue is recognized at an amount that
reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. This principle
is applied using the following 5-step process: 

1. 
 Identify the contract with the customer 

2. 
 Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

3. 
 Determine the transaction price 

4. 
 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
 in the contract 

5. 
 Recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation
 is satisfied 

Under
Topic 606, we recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised goods or services to
our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

Our
technology platform is based on patented stabilized ionic silver, and our initial products contain silver dihydrogen citrate, or SDC.
SDC is a broad-spectrum, non-toxic antimicrobial agent, which offers residual protection and formulates well with other compounds. We
sell various configurations and dilutions of SDC direct to customers and through distributors. We currently offer PURE 
Hard Surface as a food contact surface sanitizer and disinfectant to restaurant chains, food processors and food transportation companies.
We also offer PURE Control as a direct food contact processing aid. 

Contract
terms for unit price, quantity, shipping and payment are governed by sales agreements and purchase orders which we consider to be a customer s
contract in all cases. The unit price is considered the observable stand-alone selling price for the arrangements. Any promotional or
sales discounts are applied evenly to the units sold for purposes of calculating standalone selling price. 

Product
sales generally consist of a single performance obligation that we satisfy at a point in time. We recognize product revenue when the
following events have occurred: (a) we have transferred physical possession of the products, (b) we have a present right to payment,
(c) the customer has legal title to the products, and (d) the customer bears significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products. 

Our
direct customer and distributor sales are invoiced based on received purchase orders. Our payment terms on invoiced direct customer and
distributor sales range between 30 and 90 days after we satisfy our performance obligation. The majority of our customers are on 30 day
payment terms. We currently offer no right of return on invoiced sales and maintain no allowance for sales returns. 

Shipping
and handling are treated as activities to fulfill promises to customers and any amounts billed to a customer, if applicable, represent
revenues earned for the goods provided. Costs related to such shipping and handling billings are classified as cost of sales. 

We
do not have significant categories of revenue that may impact how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows
are affected by economic factors. 

19 

We
do not allow for returns, except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have historically
been insignificant. Because of this, the stand-alone nature of our products, and our assessment of performance obligations and transaction
pricing for our sales contracts, we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance for obligations. We assess our contracts
and the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis. 

The
Company s licensing contracts typically provide for royalties based on the licensee s sales of various configurations of
PURE Hard Surface. The Company records its royalty revenue in the month in which the licensee sold our products to end users. Payments
are generally received in the subsequent month. 

Variable
Consideration 

We
record revenue from customers in an amount that reflects the transaction price we expect to be entitled to after transferring control
of those goods or services. From time to time, we offer sales promotions on our products such as discounts. Variable consideration is
estimated at contract inception only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

We
grant equity-based awards under share-based compensation plans or stand-alone contracts. We estimate the fair value of share-based payment
awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This fair value is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards.
The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying stock,
risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected life of the option. Share-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately
expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures. Changes in assumptions used under the Black-Scholes option valuation
model could materially affect our net loss and net loss per share. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 

20 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, and as provided in
Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the
information requested by this Item. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

In
connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), our management, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, concluded that there were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the three months ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

21 

PART
II Other Information 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The
impact and outcome of litigation, if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and any adverse result in these or other matters may
arise from time to time that could harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims to which we
or our wholly owned subsidiary is a party or of which any of our property is subject that we believe will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

In
evaluating us and our common stock, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, including the risk factor included below, as well as the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. to Part I of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, which we filed with the SEC on October 29, 2024 (the Form 10-K ). Other than
the risk factor included below, the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A Risk Factors of our Form 10-K
have not materially changed. Any of the risks discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the risk factor included below,
or any of the risks disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors of our Form 10-K, as well as additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial
condition or prospects. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

As
a result of our historical lack of financial liquidity, we do not currently have sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations
and may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

We
have a history of recurring losses, and as of October 31, 2024 we have incurred a cumulative net loss of 137,300,000. During the three
months ended October 31, 2024, we recorded a net loss of 689,000 on recorded net revenue of 556,000. In addition, during the three
months ended October 31, 2024 we used 503,000 in operating activities resulting in a cash balance of 346,000 as of October 31, 2024.
As a result, our existing cash resources are not sufficient to meet our anticipated needs over the next twelve months from the date hereof,
and we will need to raise additional capital to continue our operations and to implement our business plan, which capital may not be
available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Our
capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, among others: 

the market acceptance of,
 and demand for, our products; 

the timing and costs of
 executing our sales and marketing strategies; 

our ability to successfully
 complete the in-plant validation trials requested by potential customers and our ability to convert these trials into customer orders
 for our products; 

the costs and time required
 to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for our products, including the required USDA approvals: 

the extent to which we
 invest in new testing and product development, including in-plant optimization trials; 

the extent to which our
 customers continue to place product orders as expected and expand their existing use of our products; 

the cost and time to satisfy
 unique customer requirements regarding validation trials or to support the value proposition and benefits of our products; 

the timing of vendor payments
 and the collection of receivables, among other factors affecting our working capital; 

our ability to control
 the timing and amount of our operating expenses, including the costs to attract and retain personnel with the skills required to
 implement our business plan; and 

the costs to file, prosecute
 and defend our intellectual property rights. 

22 

The
above factors, along with our history and near term forecast of incurring net losses and negative operating cash flows, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not obtain additional capital from external sources, we will not have
sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations or be able to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that additional
financing will be available when needed or that, if available, we can obtain financing on terms favorable to us or to our stockholders.
If we raise additional funds from the issuance of equity securities, substantial dilution to our existing stockholders would likely result.
If we raise additional funds by incurring debt financing, the terms of the debt may involve significant cash payment obligations as well
as covenants and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Further, any contracts or license arrangements
we enter into to raise funds may require us to relinquish our rights to our products or technology, and we cannot assure you that we
will be able to enter into any such contracts or license arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all. Having insufficient funds may require
us to delay or scale back our marketing, distribution and other commercialization activities or cease our operations altogether. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

None. 

23 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following Exhibits are filed as part of this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012) 

3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012) 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 19, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012) 

3.2.1 
 
 Amendment to the Bylaws of PURE Bioscience, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2012) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 The following materials
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline
 eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024; (ii) Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements
 of Stockholders equity for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
 Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023; and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

24 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PURE BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ ROBERT
 BARTLETT 

Robert
 Bartlett Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ MARK
 S. ELLIOTT 

Mark S. Elliott, Vice President, Finance 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Robert Bartlett, Chief Executive Officer of PURE Bioscience, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this report on Form 10-Q of PURE Bioscience, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Bartlett 

Robert Bartlett 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Mark S. Elliott, Vice President, Finance and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of PURE Bioscience, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this report on Form 10-Q of PURE Bioscience, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 MARK S. ELLIOTT 

Mark S. Elliott 

Vice President, Finance 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Pure Bioscience, Inc.
(the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) 
 the accompanying report
 on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended October 31, 2024, to which this Certificate is attached (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

(ii) 
 the information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Bartlett 

Robert
 Bartlett 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Pure Bioscience, Inc. and will be retained by
Pure Bioscience, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This
certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of Pure Bioscience, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act
(whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Pure Bioscience, Inc.
(the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) 
 the accompanying report
 on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended October 31, 2024, to which this Certificate is attached (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

(ii) 
 the information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark S. Elliott 

Mark
 S. Elliott 
 Vice
 President, Finance 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Pure Bioscience, Inc. and will be retained by
Pure Bioscience, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This
certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of Pure Bioscience, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act
(whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pure-20241031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pure-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pure-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pure-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

