<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1220754_0001220754-24-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9616759</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>880446</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1518847</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3844126</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1548811</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1589016</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001220754-24-000082.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106174444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001220754-24-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ModivCare Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001220754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				860845127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34221
		FILM NUMBER:		241432427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 LAYTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-728-7030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 LAYTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROVIDENCE SERVICE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001220754-24-000082.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 modv-20240930.htm
 10-Q

modv-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares outstanding (excluding treasury shares of 5,426,411) of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share. 
 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2024 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 51 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 51 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 Item 5 . 
 Other Information 
 51 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 52 

3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 ModivCare Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Contract receivables Other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Payor network, net Other intangible assets, net Equity investment Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued contract payables Accrued transportation costs Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Short-term debt 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of deferred financing costs of and , respectively 
 Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 shares; par value; and , respectively, issued and outstanding (including treasury shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Treasury shares, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) 
 ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

ModivCare Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service revenue, net Grant income (Note 2) Operating expenses: Service expense General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) Interest expense, net Loss on debt extinguishment 
 Loss before income taxes and equity method investment 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit 
 Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Loss per common share: 
 Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

ModivCare Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment of goodwill Loss on debt extinguishment Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount Equity in net (income) loss of investee ) Reduction of right-of-use assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and other receivables ) Contract receivables ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accrued contract payables ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Accrued transportation costs ) Other changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 ) ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) Investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net proceeds from short-term debt 
 Issuance of long-term debt 
 Repayment of long-term debt 
 ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Other financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

ModivCare Inc. 
 Unaudited Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, Supplemental cash flow information 2024 2023 Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Assets acquired under operating leases 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

ModivCare Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Treasury Stock Shares Amount Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit 
 Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock issued Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Shares issued for director stipends 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock issued Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Shares issued for director stipends 
 Shares issued for ESPP 
 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock issued Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Shares issued for director stipends 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Retained Earnings 
 Treasury Stock Shares Amount Paid-In Capital (Accumulated 
 Deficit) 
 Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net loss 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock issued Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Shares issued for bonus settlement and director stipends Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of employee stock options Restricted stock issued Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Shares issued for bonus settlement and director stipends Shares issued for ESPP 
 ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock forfeited Restricted stock surrendered for employee tax payment ) ) Shares issued for bonus settlement and director stipends Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

ModivCare Inc. 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 

1. 
 
 minority interest in CCHN Group Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which operate under the Matrix Medical Network brand Matrix ). Matrix, which is included in the Corporate and Other segment, maintains a national network of community-based clinicians who deliver in-home and on-site services. 

Management's Liquidity Plans and Going Concern Considerations 
 
 ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , requires Management to assess a Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of financial statement issuance and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 9 

million at September 30, 2024, and compliance with the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant in its Credit Agreement, as amended to date. Failure to meet this covenant or others could cause obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Note 9, Debt ), the Term Loan Facility (as defined in Note 9, Debt ), and the Company s Notes due 2029 (as defined in Note 9, Debt ), to become immediately due and payable, and the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to satisfy such obligations. In such event, the Company would expect to be required to restructure its existing debt or seek additional equity or debt financing to meet its obligations and maintain its existence as a going concern. 
 
 To address compliance with the financial covenants in the Company's debt instruments for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 (the "Fourth Amendment") to its Credit Agreement on September 30, 2024. This amendment increased the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the amended Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the "Relief Period") to :1.00 from :1.00. As a result of the Fourth Amendment, the Company was in compliance with all of its covenants under the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, at which time the Company's Total Net Leverage Ratio was :1.00. The Company did not amend its Total Net Leverage Ratio for periods beyond September 30, 2024 and may need to do so in order to remain compliant with its covenants for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 and beyond. 
 
 Management intends to undertake additional actions including continued discussions with its bank group on a collaborative long-term relief amendment to support ongoing compliance with its financial covenants and take other measures to further address these issues, support the funding of operations and improve liquidity. There can be no assurance, however, that any long-term relief amendment or additional funds will be available when needed on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all, or in an amount sufficient to enable the Company to satisfy its obligations or sustain operations in the future. 
 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 On May 11, 2023, the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") declared the end of the public health emergency ("PHE") for the COVID-19 pandemic. While the Company has continued to experience increased trip volume, service hours, and caregiver visits each year following the pandemic, structural changes in the industry as a result of the pandemic, as well as ongoing constraints on the labor market, specifically related to the strain on healthcare professionals, could continue to have an adverse impact on the Company's financial statements. The Company continues to actively monitor the structural changes to the industry and the impact these have on the business and results of operations with emphasis on protecting the health and safety of its employees, maximizing the availability of its services and products to support SDoH, and supporting the operational and financial stability of its business. 
 
 Federal, state, and local authorities have taken several actions designed to assist healthcare providers in providing care to COVID-19 and other patients and to mitigate the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Legislative actions taken by the federal government include the CARES Act and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ("ARPA"). Through the CARES Act, the federal government has authorized payments to be distributed to healthcare providers through the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund ("Provider Relief Fund" or "PRF"). Through ARPA the Coronavirus State and Local Fiscal Recovery Fund ("SLFRF") was established to send relief payments to state and local governments impacted by the pandemic to assist with responding to the PHE including the economic hardships that continue to impact communities and to respond to workers performing essential work during the COVID-19 PHE, including providers. These funds are not subject to 
 10 

2. 

11 

million impairment of goodwill within its RPM reporting unit and an aggregate million impairment of goodwill within its PCS and RPM reporting units, respectively. For both periods, the Company determined that based on its qualitative assessment for each reporting unit, factors existed which required the Company to test its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. See Note 7, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional details. 

to years. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, capitalized costs associated with the internal-use software, net of accumulated amortization were million and million, respectively. The amount of accumulated amortization as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, capitalized costs associated with CCA, net of accumulated amortization were million and million, respectively. The amount of accumulated amortization as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled million and million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 12 

million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company received grant distributions of million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, funds were recognized as grant income and million and million, respectively, were recognized as an offset to "Service expense." During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, were recognized as grant income and million and million, respectively, were recognized as an offset to "Service expense". The remaining balance is recorded on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets in the "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" line item until the conditions for recognition have been met. See further information in Note 8, Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities . 
 
 The payments from these acts are subject to certain restrictions and possible recoupment if not used for designated purposes. As a condition to receiving PRF distributions, providers must agree to certain terms and conditions, including, among other things, that the funds are being used for healthcare related expenses and lost revenues attributable to COVID-19, as defined by HHS. All recipients of PRF payments are required to comply with the reporting requirements described in the terms and conditions and as determined by HHS. The Company has submitted the required documents to meet reporting requirements for the applicable reporting periods. The Company received an audit inquiry letter from HHS related to one of the business units that received PRF payments. In response, the Company has submitted all requested information and believes that the payments received are substantiated and within the terms and conditions defined by HHS. The Company continues to recognize these amounts as grant income. At this time, the Company is unaware of any other pending or upcoming audits or inquiries related to amounts received under PRF. 
 
 As a condition of receiving SLFRF distributions, providers must agree to use the funds to respond to the PHE or its negative economic impacts, to respond to workers performing essential work by providing premium pay to eligible workers, and to offset reductions in revenue due to the COVID-19 PHE as stipulated by the states in which the funds were received. All recipients of SLFRF distributions are required to comply with the reporting requirements that the state in which the funds originated requests, in order for the states to meet the requirements as described in the terms and conditions as determined by the Department of the Treasury. The Company is in the process of complying with all known reporting requirements to date. 
 
 13 

3. 
 
 reportable segments. 
 
 NEMT - The Company's NEMT segment is the largest manager of non-emergency medical transportation programs for state governments and managed care organizations, or MCOs, in the U.S. This segment also holds the results of the Company's captive insurance program; 
 
 PCS - The Company's PCS segment provides in home personal care services to State and Managed Medicaid, Medicare, and Private Pay patient populations in need of care monitoring and assistance performing activities of daily living; 
 
 RPM - The Company's RPM segment is a provider of remote patient monitoring solutions, including personal emergency response systems monitoring, vitals monitoring and data-driven patient engagement solutions; 
 
 Corporate and Other - The Company's Corporate and Other segment includes the costs associated with the Company's corporate operations as well as the results of an investment in innovation related to data analytics capabilities that the Company made at the end of the first quarter of 2023, which contributes to service revenue and service expense. The operating results of the Corporate and Other segment include activities related to executive, accounting, finance, internal audit, tax, legal and certain strategic and corporate development functions for each segment, the results of this investment in innovation, as well as the results of the Company's Matrix investment. 

14 

Service expense General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax 
 ) ) Equity investment Goodwill Total assets 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 NEMT PCS RPM Corporate and Other Total Service revenue, net 
 Service expense General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill 
 Operating income (loss) ) ) ) ) Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax 
 ) ) Equity investment Goodwill Total assets 

15 

Grant income (1) 
 Service expense General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax ) ) Equity investment Goodwill Total assets 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 NEMT PCS RPM Corporate and Other Total Service revenue, net Grant income (1) 
 Service expense General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Operating income (loss) ) ) ) ) Equity in net income of investee, net of tax 
 Equity investment Goodwill Total assets 
 
 (1) Grant income for the PCS segment includes funding received on a periodic basis from the PRF in relation to relief under the CARES Act and funding received from the SLFRF under ARPA in relation to economic recovery to combat health and economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements. 

4. 

16 

NEMT FFS contracts Total NEMT service revenue, net PCS FFS contracts RPM PMPM contracts Other service revenue Total service revenue, net 
 
 Payor Information 
 Service revenue, net, is derived from state and managed Medicaid contracts, managed Medicare contracts, as well as a small amount from private pay and other contracts. Of the NEMT segment s revenue, and were derived from one payor for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and were derived from one 
 17 

and were derived from one payor for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and were derived from one payor for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Of the RPM segment's revenue, and were derived from one payor for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and were derived from one payor for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Revenue Adjustments 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized a reduction of million and a reduction of million in service revenue, respectively, from contractual adjustments relating to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods to which the payor agreed. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized an increase of million and a reduction of million in service revenue, respectively, from contractual adjustments related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods to which the payor agreed. 
 
 Related Balance Sheet Accounts 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Contract receivables (2) 
 Deferred revenue, current 
 (1) Accrued contract payables primarily represent overpayments and liability reserves on certain risk corridor, profit rebate and reconciliation contracts. See the contract payables and receivables activity below. 
 
 (2) Contract receivables primarily represent underpayments and receivables on certain risk corridor, profit rebate, and reconciliation contracts. See the contract payables and receivables activity below. 
 The following table provides the summary activity of total contract payables and receivables as reported within the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2023 Additional Amounts Recorded Amounts Paid or Settled March 31, 2024 Reconciliation contract payables ) Profit rebate/corridor contract payables ) ) Overpayments and other cash items ) Total contract payables ) Reconciliation contract receivables ) Corridor contract receivables ) Total contract receivables (1) 
 ) 
 18 

) Profit rebate/corridor contract payables ) ) Overpayments and other cash items ) Total contract payables ) ) Reconciliation contract receivables ) Corridor contract receivables ) Total contract receivables (1) 
 ) 
 
 June 30, 2024 Additional Amounts Recorded Amounts Paid or Settled September 30, 2024 Reconciliation contract payables ) ) Profit rebate/corridor contract payables ) ) Overpayments and other cash items ) Total contract payables ) Reconciliation contract receivables ) Corridor contract receivables ) Total contract receivables ) 
 
 (1) Total contract receivables is comprised of the current and long-term contract receivables balances, which are broken out separately on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024, no portion of the contract receivables balance was classified as long-term. Long-term contract receivables primarily represent future receivable balances on certain risk corridor, profit rebate and reconciliation contracts that may be received in greater than 12 months. 

5. 
 
 non-controlling interest in Matrix. Pursuant to a Shareholder s Agreement, affiliates of Frazier Healthcare Partners hold rights necessary to control the fundamental operations of Matrix. The Company accounts for its investment in Matrix under the equity method of accounting and the Company s share of Matrix s income or loss is recorded as Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations within its Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 The Company's gross share of Matrix's operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was a loss of million and a loss of million, respectively, which is presented net of tax on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for a loss of million and a loss of million, respectively. The Company's gross share of Matrix's operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was a loss of million and income of million, respectively, which is presented net of tax on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for a loss of million and income of million, respectively. 
 
 The carrying amount of the assets included in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets and the maximum loss exposure related to the Company s interest in Matrix as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. 

19 

Long-term assets Current liabilities Long-term liabilities 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating income (loss) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) 

6. 
 
 Prepaid income taxes Deferred ERP implementation costs Deferred financing costs on credit facility Other prepaid expenses Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

7. 
 
 million in the RPM reporting unit. This impairment is recorded in Impairment of goodwill on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. further impairment was taken during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2023, the Company determined that based on its qualitative assessment for each reporting unit, factors existed which required the Company to test its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. These factors included a decline in the market price of the Company's common stock, industry specific regulatory pressures such as Medicaid redetermination and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") proposed ruling on Ensuring Access to Medicaid Services , and general economic and market volatility. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative assessment and determined that the goodwill at its PCS and RPM reporting units was impaired. As such, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million, of which million was recorded in the PCS reporting unit and million was recorded in the RPM reporting unit. further impairment was taken during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 20 

million of goodwill remaining as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. If, among other factors, (i) the Company's equity values were to decline significantly, (ii) the Company experienced additional adverse impacts associated with macroeconomic factors, including increases in the estimated weighted average cost of capital, or (iii) the adverse impacts stemming from competition, economic, regulatory or other factors were to cause the Company's results of operations or cash flows to be worse than currently anticipated, the Company could conclude in future periods that additional impairment charges of certain reporting units are required in order to reduce the carrying values of goodwill. Any such impairment charges could be significant. 
 
 Accumulated loss on impairment ) ) Goodwill balance as of December 31, 2022, after cumulative loss Impairment of goodwill ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Impairment of goodwill ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

The accumulated impairment losses on goodwill totaled million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Intangible assets are comprised of acquired payor networks, trademarks and trade names, developed technology, non-compete agreements, licenses, and an assembled workforce. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets. These finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually and more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an asset may be impaired. Based on the continued value of the definite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired, the Company did not identify any circumstances during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that would require an impairment test for the intangible assets. 

8. 
 
 Insurance reserves Accrued interest Accrued legal fees Accrued operating expenses Accrued government grants (1) 
 Deferred revenue Union pension obligation Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 21 

9. 
 
 million due November 15, 2025 
 11/4/2020 million due October 1, 2029 
 (effective interest rate 
 8/24/2021 Term Loan Facility million SOFR + due July 1, 2031 (1) 
 7/1/2024 Total long-term debt 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 2/3/2022 Current Portion of Term Loan Facility (2) 
 7/1/2024 Total short-term debt 

(1) The million Term Loan Facility bears interest at (i) a SOFR-based benchmark plus or (ii) a prime rate (or other alternate base rate) benchmark plus in the case of ABR Loans (as such terms are defined in the amended Credit Agreement) and matures on the earlier of (a) July 1, 2031 and (b) July 2, 2029 if any of the Company's 2029 Notes (as defined below) remain outstanding on that date. 
 
 (2) The Term Loan Facility requires principal payments of million on a quarterly basis and accordingly, a portion of the Term Loan Facility in the amount of million is classified as a current liability within the "Short-term debt" line item on the unaudited condensed balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 The Company pays interest on the senior unsecured notes semi-annually in arrears. Principal payments are not required until the maturity date. Debt issuance costs of million in relation to the issuance of the senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes") were incurred and these costs were deferred and are amortized to interest cost over the term of the 2025 Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 2025 Notes on July 1, 2024 (discussed below), the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs were recognized in the loss on debt extinguishment that was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. Debt issuance costs of million were incurred in relation to the issuance of the senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes" and, together with the 2025 Notes, the "Notes") and these costs were deferred and are amortized to interest cost over the term of the 2029 Notes. As of September 30, 2024, the 2029 Notes had million of unamortized deferred issuance costs that were netted against the long-term debt balance on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the 2025 Notes were fully redeemed and thus had associated fair value as of that date and as of December 31, 2023, had a fair value of million. The fair value of the 2029 Notes as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. The fair value of the Notes was determined based on quoted prices in active markets, and therefore designated as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. The indenture covering the Notes also contains a cross-default provision in the event any of the Company s other indebtedness having a principal amount that aggregates million or more is accelerated prior to its express maturity. The Company was in compliance with all covenants, as amended by the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement discussed in detail in the Revolving Credit Facility section below, as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The 2025 Notes were redeemed in full on July 1, 2024 prior to contractual maturity, at a redemption premium of on the aggregate original principal amount of the 2025 Notes for a total redemption of million, plus the payment of approximately million in accrued and unpaid interest on the 2025 Notes. As a result of the early redemption of the 2025 Notes, the Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of million on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. This loss consisted of the redemption premium of on the aggregate original principal amount 
 22 

million plus the recognition of the unamortized deferred issuance costs on the 2025 Notes for million. The 2025 Notes were redeemed in connection with the funding of the Term Loan Facility discussed below. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 The Company is a party to the amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022 (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and an issuing bank, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as an issuing bank, Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Regions Bank, Bank of Montreal and Capital One, National Association, as co-documentation agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and the other lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement provides the Company with a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of million and sublimits for swingline loans, letters of credit and alternative currency loans in amounts of up to million, million and million, respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility under the Credit Agreement was scheduled to mature on February 3, 2027 and the proceeds that may be drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility from time to time prior to maturity may be used (i) to finance working capital needs of the Company and its subsidiaries and (ii) for general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries (including to finance capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions and investments). 
 
 On June 26, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 (the "First Amendment") to the Credit Agreement, which amended and restated the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement as amended by the First Amendment) under the Credit Agreement as follows: for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2023 through September 30, 2023, :1.00; for the fiscal quarters ending December 31, 2023 through March 31, 2024, :1.00; for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, :1.00; and for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2024 and for the fiscal quarters ending thereafter, :1.00. 
 
 On February 22, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 (the "Second Amendment") to the Credit Agreement, which amended the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the amended Credit Agreement as follows: for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2024 through June 30, 2024, :1.00; for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2024 through December 31, 2024, :1.00; for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2025 through September 30, 2025, :1.00, and for the fiscal quarters ending December 31, 2025 through March 31, 2026, :1.00. The Second Amendment also included a restriction on the Company's Liquidity (as defined in the Second Amendment and which is determined generally to be, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Company's borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility plus the amount of its unencumbered cash), requiring it to be less than million as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (the "Liquidity Covenant"). 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 (the "Third Amendment") to the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, extended with respect to the lenders identified in the Third Amendment the maturity date covering million in the aggregate principal amount of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility to February 3, 2028. The existing financial covenants under the amended Credit Agreement were retained for the benefit solely of the Revolving Credit Facility lenders, and the minimum liquidity level required by the Liquidity Covenant was decreased from million to million. Certain other financial covenants and restrictions were also modified under the amended Credit Agreement, as previously disclosed. The fees associated with the Third Amendment of will be amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 (the "Fourth Amendment") to its Credit Agreement, which increased the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the amended Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the "Relief Period") to :1.00 from :1.00. In addition, the Fourth Amendment reduced the minimum interest coverage ratio for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to :1.00 and increased the applicable margin on the Revolving Credit Facility by until the Company delivers the required financial statements and compliance certificate for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of short-term borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and had million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility. The weighted average interest rate for borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was per annum. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million of short-term borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and had million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 23 

:1.00. The Company may prepay the Revolving Credit Facility in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty, subject to reimbursement of the lenders breakage and redeployment costs in connection with prepayments. The unutilized portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility may be irrevocably reduced or terminated by the Company at any time without penalty. 
 
 Interest on the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the Revolving Credit Facility accrues at a per annum rate equal to the Alternate Base Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA Rate, as applicable and each as defined in the amended Credit Agreement, in each case, plus an applicable margin. With respect to the loans under the Revolving Credit Facility during the Relief Period as stipulated by the Fourth Amendment, the applicable margin ranges from to in the case of RFR loans, as defined in the amended Credit Agreement, and to in the case of the Alternate Base Rate loans, as defined in the amended Credit Agreement, in each case, based on the Company s Total Net Leverage Ratio. Interest on the loans is payable quarterly in arrears in the case of Alternate Base Rate loans. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee based on a percentage of the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and quarterly letter of credit fees based on a percentage of the maximum amount available to be drawn under each outstanding letter of credit. The commitment fee and letter of credit fee range from to and to , respectively, in each case, based on the Company s Total Net Leverage Ratio. 
 
 The amended Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The negative covenants include restrictions on the Company s ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create liens, make investments, give guarantees, pay dividends, sell assets and merge and consolidate. The Company's borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility is currently limited by, among other covenants, compliance with the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant and the Liquidity Covenant for each fiscal period. The Company was in compliance with all covenants, as amended by the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company s obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by all of the Company s present and future material domestic subsidiaries, excluding certain material domestic subsidiaries that are excluded from being guarantors pursuant to the terms of the amended Credit Agreement. The Company s obligations under, and each guarantor s obligations under its guaranty of, the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s or such guarantor s respective assets. If an event of default occurs, the required lenders may cause the administrative agent to declare all unpaid principal and any accrued and unpaid interest and all fees and expenses under the Revolving Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable. All amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility will automatically become due and payable upon the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings. The amended Credit Agreement, as it relates to the Revolving Credit Facility, also contains a cross-default to any of the Company s indebtedness having a principal amount in excess of million. 
 
 Term Loan Facility 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company, pursuant to the Third Amendment, established a new term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility") in the aggregate principal amount of million with the Term Loan Facility lenders named therein. The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility were used to (i) redeem the Company's 2025 Notes, (ii) repay a portion of the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Third Amendment, and (iii) pay fees and expenses associated with such transactions. The Company paid approximately million of deferred issuance costs with respect to the Term Loan Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Term Loan Facility had million of unamortized deferred issuance costs that were netted against the long-term balance on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the Term Loan Facility as of September 30, 2024 was million, which was determined based on lender quotes for the Company's debt, and therefore designated as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The Term Loan Facility matures on the earlier of (a) July 1, 2031 and (b) July 2, 2029 if any of the Company's 2029 Notes remain outstanding on that date. Principal payments on the Term Loan Facility are required on a quarterly basis, commencing with the quarter ending September 30, 2024, in the amount equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Facility outstanding on the date of issuance. All unpaid amounts of the Term Loan Facility shall be paid in full on the maturity date. The Term Loan Facility requires annual prepayments of a percentage of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the amended Credit Agreement); commencing with the year ending December 31, 2025 as follows: (i) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than :1.00, (ii) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than :1:00, but less than or equal to :1.00, (iii) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than :1.00, but less than or equal to :1.00, and (iv) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was less than or equal to :1.00. The Term Loan Facility also requires 
 24 

or (ii) a prime rate (or other alternate base rate) benchmark plus in the case of ABR Loans (as such terms are defined in the amended Credit Agreement). The Term Loan Facility is subject to customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default, as defined in the amended Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average interest rate on the Term Loan Facility was . The amended Credit Agreement, as it relates to the Term Loan Facility, also contains a cross-default to any of the Company s indebtedness having a principal amount in excess of million. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all covenants, as amended by the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, as of September 30, 2024. 

10. 
 
 stock options outstanding with a weighted-average exercise price of . 
 
 Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock awards ("RSAs") and restricted stock units ("RSUs"), collectively, of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in general and administrative expense. The Company had unvested RSAs and unvested RSUs outstanding at September 30, 2024 with a weighted-average grant date fair value of and , respectively. 
 
 Performance-based share awards. The Company grants performance-based restricted stock units ("PRSUs") to align management s compensation with the Company's financial performance and other operational objectives and to retain key employees. Awards granted under this category are based on the achievement of various targeted metrics as approved by the Compensation Committee and defined in the related PRSU Agreement. Stock-based compensation expense for PRSUs is recognized over the vesting period under the straight-line attribution method. The Company recorded a reversal of stock-based compensation expense related to PRSUs of million in general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to forfeitures that occurred during the period and recorded million of stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company recorded an amount of stock-based compensation expense related to PRSUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to the impact of the reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense during the period from forfeitures and recorded million of stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The remaining expense is expected to be recognized over the remainder of the requisite service period. The Company had unvested PRSUs outstanding at September 30, 2024 with a weighted-average grant date fair value of . 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 shares of Common Stock reserved for purchase pursuant to the Plan for eligible employees. The shares of Common Stock may be newly issued shares, treasury shares or shares acquired on the open market. Under the terms of the ESPP, eligible employees may designate a dollar value or percentage of their compensation to be withheld through payroll deductions, up to a maximum of in each plan year, for the purchase of common stock at a discounted rate of of the lower of the market price on the first or last trading day of the offering period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an amount of stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, shares remain available for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 25 

11. ) ) ) Denominator: Denominator for basic and diluted earnings per share -- weighted-average shares 
 Loss per share: 
 Basic loss per share 
 ) ) ) ) Diluted loss per share 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 In a period when a net loss is reported, all common stock equivalents are excluded from the calculation because they would have an anti-dilutive effect, meaning the loss per share would be reduced. Therefore, in periods where a loss is reported, there is no difference in basic and diluted loss per share. 
 
 Restricted stock awards and restricted stock units 

12. 
 
 and , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to various tax credits, increased reserves on deferred tax assets, nondeductible expenses and nondeductible goodwill impairment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes, nondeductible expenses, and the nondeductible goodwill impairment. 

13. 
 
 26 

27 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included herein, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. For purposes of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, references to "Q3 2024" and "Q3 2023" mean the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder, including statements related to the Company s strategies or expectations about revenues, liabilities, results of operations, cash flows, ability to fund operations, profitability, ability to continue as a going concern, ability to meet financial covenants, contracts or market opportunities. These statements are predictive in nature and are frequently identified by the use of terms such as may, will, should, expect, believe, estimate, intend, and similar words indicating possible future expectations, events or actions. In addition, statements that are not historical statements of fact should also be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and our industry, and are not guarantees of our future performance. These statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict, that may cause actual events to be materially different from those expressed or implied herein. Among such risks, uncertainties and other factors are those summarized under the caption Summary Risk Factors in Part I, and described in further detail under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Hyperlinks to such sections of our Annual Report are contained in the text included within the quotation marks. 
 
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth herein and in our other filings with the SEC, which you should read in their entirety before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

Overview of Our Business 
 
 ModivCare Inc. ("ModivCare" or the "Company") is a technology-enabled healthcare services company that provides a suite of integrated supportive care solutions for public and private payors and their members. Its value-based solutions address the social determinants of health ("SDoH") by connecting members to essential care services. By doing so, ModivCare helps health plans manage risks, reduce costs, and improve health outcomes. ModivCare is a provider of non-emergency medical transportation ("NEMT"), personal care services ("PCS"), and remote patient monitoring solutions ("RPM"), which serve similar, highly vulnerable patient populations. The technology-enabled operating model in its NEMT segment includes the coordination of non-emergency medical transportation services supported by an infrastructure of core competencies in risk underwriting, contact center management, network credentialing and claims management. Additionally, its personal care services in its PCS segment include placements of non-medical personal care assistants, home health aides and nurses primarily to Medicaid patient populations in need of care monitoring and assistance performing daily living activities in the home setting. ModivCare s remote patient monitoring solutions in its RPM segment include the monitoring of personal emergency response systems, vitals monitoring and data-driven patient engagement solutions. 
 
 ModivCare also holds a 43.6 minority interest in CCHN Group Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which operates under the Matrix Medical Network brand Matrix ). Matrix, which is included in our Corporate and Other segment, maintains a national network of community-based clinicians who deliver in-home and on-site services. 

Business Outlook and Trends 
 
 Our performance is affected by a number of trends that drive the demand for our services. In particular, the markets in which we operate are exposed to various trends, such as healthcare industry and demographic dynamics. Over the long term, we believe there are numerous factors that could affect growth within the industries in which we operate, including: 
 
 an aging population, which is expected to increase demand for healthcare services including required transportation to such healthcare services and in-home personal care and remote patient monitoring services; 
 28 

increasing prevalence of chronic illnesses that require active and ongoing monitoring of health data which can be accomplished at a lower cost and result in better health outcomes through remote patient monitoring services; 
 a movement towards value-based care versus fee-for-service and cost plus care and budget pressure on governments, both of which may increase the use of private corporations to provide necessary and innovative services; 
 increasing demand for in-home care provision, driven by cost pressures on traditional reimbursement models and technological advances enabling remote engagement, including remote monitoring and similar internet-based health related services; 
 a shift in membership dynamics as a result of Medicaid redetermination efforts, the effects of which are largely complete, however there are several states still in process of completing these efforts, which have and may continue to decrease membership levels at our NEMT segment; 
 advancement of regulatory priorities, which include the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") final rule, Ensuring Access to Medicaid Services , which, in six years, requires states to generally ensure that a minimum of 80.0 of Medicaid payments are used toward compensation for direct care workers, which may lower profit margins at our PCS segment; 
 technological advancements, which may be utilized by us to improve services and lower costs, but may also be utilized by others, which may increase industry competitiveness; 
 managed care organizations ("MCOs"), Medicaid and Medicare plans increasing coverage of non-emergency medical transportation services for a variety of reasons, including increased access to care, improved patient compliance with treatment plans, social trends, and to promote SDoH, and this trend may be accelerated or reinforced by The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 ("H.R.133"), a component of which mandates that state Medicaid programs ensure that Medicaid beneficiaries have necessary transportation to and from health care providers; 
 uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including rising interest rates, could have an effect on our debt and short-term borrowings, which may have a negative impact on our results; and 
 the extended collection periods and uncertainty concerning the timing of the collection of outstanding contract receivables with some customers due to complexities in Medicare, Medicaid, and nongovernmental payor arrangements. 
 
 On May 11, 2023, the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") declared the end of the public health emergency ("PHE") for the COVID-19 pandemic. During each year following the emergence of the pandemic, we have continued to experience increased trip volume, service hours, and caregiver visits. While this indicates increased demand for our non-emergency medical transportation, personal care and remote patient monitoring services, ongoing impacts of the pandemic and implications of the current macroeconomic environment, which is characterized by high inflation rates, high interest rates, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, volatility in capital markets and growing recession risk, have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. For the NEMT segment, increased trip volume and utilization of non-emergency medical transportation services exposes us to cost containment risk as labor costs and trip costs are rising at a higher rate than reimbursement, which results in lower profit margins than previously reported. The increase in trip costs is driven, in part, by headwinds from the current macroeconomic environment which limit the NEMT segment's ability to provide services at a reasonable cost to achieve historic profit margins. These macroeconomic trends also put pressure on the availability of transportation providers. Additionally, we may face staffing difficulties in our contact centers as the recruitment of potential employees may be challenging amid the current labor environment, which could negatively impact the customer and member experience while interfacing with our contact centers and materially adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. For the PCS segment, the labor shortage, particularly related to availability of healthcare workers including caregivers, will continue to impact the volume of service hours that can be provided while also driving increased wage rates, which limits our ability to be profitable in contracts with set rates for various care services. Additionally, increases in the utilization of our NEMT services and reduction in payor reimbursement rates at the PCS segment could limit the ability for us to generate a profit despite our shift toward emphasizing the importance of value-based care. Any of these circumstances and factors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and any long-term macroeconomic impacts that have arisen as a result of the pandemic could continue to change trends in the market. 
 
 Our business environment is competitive, the structural changes in our industry related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been lasting, the labor market for healthcare professionals remains constrained, and the market price for our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market continues to be volatile; the continuing effect of all or any of the foregoing could result in, in future periods, an impairment to the estimated fair value of the goodwill that has been established for our reporting units. As discussed elsewhere herein and under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2023, impairment tests may be required in addition to the annual impairment testing that occurs on July 1st of each year if circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of goodwill of a reporting unit below such reporting unit s carrying value. We monitor the performance of the business and the value of our stock price and estimated fair values of our reporting units, among other relevant considerations, to determine if any impairments to goodwill could exist at any particular time. During the second quarter of 2024, we determined that based on our qualitative assessment for each reporting unit, factors existed which required us to test our goodwill for impairment. These factors included lower than anticipated operating results during the first half of 2024 as compared to 
 29 

forecast. As a result of our quantitative assessment during the second quarter of 2024, we determined that the goodwill at our RPM reporting unit was impaired. See Note 7, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional details. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements from our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. For further discussion of our critical accounting policies, see management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Service revenue, net. Service revenue for our NEMT segment includes the revenue generated by providing non-emergency medical transportation services directly to our customers. These services are provided on either a capitated basis, which means we are paid on a per-member, per-month ("PMPM") basis for each eligible member, or on a fee-for-service ("FFS") basis, which means we are paid based on the volume of trips or services performed. Payment for our NEMT services is received from third-party payors, predominately made up of state Medicaid agencies and MCOs. 
 
 Our capitated contracts operate under either a full-risk or a shared-risk structure. Under full-risk contracts, payors pay a fixed amount per eligible member per month and we assume the responsibility of meeting the covered healthcare related transportation requirements for the number of eligible members in the payor's program. Under this structure, we assume the full-risk for the costs associated with arranging transportation of members through our network of independent transportation providers. Revenue is recognized based on the number of members served during the period. Under shared-risk contracts, we have provisions for reconciliations, risk corridors, and/or profit rebates. These contracts allow for periodic reconciliations based on actual cost and/or trip volume and may result in refunds to the payor (contract payables), or additional payments due from the payor (contract receivables) based on the provisions contractually agreed upon. These shared-risk contracts also allow for margin stabilization, as generally the amount received PMPM is adjusted for the costs to provide the transportation services. Under both contract structures, we arrange for transportation of members through our network of independent transportation providers, whereby we negotiate rates and remit payment to the transportation providers. However, for certain contracts, we assume no risk for the transportation network, credentialing and/or payments to these providers. For these contracts, we only provide administrative management services to support the customers efforts to serve their clients. 
 
 Under FFS contracts, payors pay a specified amount for each service that we provide based on costs incurred plus an agreed-upon margin. FFS revenue is recognized in the period in which the services are rendered and is reduced by the estimated impact of contractual allowances. 
 
 Service revenue for our PCS segment includes the revenue generated based on the hours incurred by our in-home caregivers to provide services to our customers, primarily on a FFS basis in which we earn a specified amount for each service that we provide. Payment for our PCS services is billed to third-party payors which include, but are not limited to, MCOs, hospitals, Medicaid agencies and programs and other home health care providers who subcontract the services of our caregivers to their patients, and individuals. 
 
 Service revenue for our RPM segment includes the sale of monitoring equipment to our third-party distributors as well as revenue generated from the hours incurred by our Clinical Team for providing monitoring services to our customers, primarily on a PMPM basis for each eligible member. Payment for our monitoring services is billed to third-party payors which include, but are not limited to, national and regional health plans, government-funded benefit programs, healthcare provider organizations, and individuals. 
 
 Grant Income 
 
 Grant income . We have received distributions under the ARPA Coronavirus State and Local Fiscal Relief Fund ("SLFRF") targeted to providing economic relief and stimulus to combat health and economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in addition to other governmental funds. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Service expense. Service expense for our NEMT segment includes purchased transportation, operational payroll and other operational related costs. Purchased transportation includes the amounts we pay to third-party service providers and is typically dependent upon service volume. Operational payroll predominately includes our contact center operations, customer 
 30 

advocacy and transportation network team. Other operating expenses primarily include operational overhead costs, and operating facilities and related charges. Service expense for our PCS segment includes payroll and other operational related costs for our caregivers to provide in-home care. Service expense for our RPM segment primarily consists of salaries of employees in our contact centers, connectivity costs and occupancy costs. 
 
 General and administrative expense . General and administrative expense for all segments consists principally of salaries for administrative employees that support the operations, occupancy costs, marketing expenditures, insurance, and professional fees. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense . Depreciation within this caption includes infrastructure items such as computer hardware and software, office equipment, monitoring and vitals equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements. Amortization expense is generated primarily from amortization of our intangible assets, including payor networks, trade names and developed technology. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill. We determined that based on our qualitative assessment for each reporting unit, factors existed which required us to test our goodwill for impairment. As a result of such impairment test, we determined that the goodwill within our RPM reporting unit was impaired during the second quarter of 2024 and that goodwill within our PCS and RPM reporting units was impaired during the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Other Expenses (Income) 
 
 Interest expense, net . Interest expense consists principally of interest accrued during the period ended September 30, 2024 on our borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and Senior Unsecured Notes, and amortization of deferred financing fees. Refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below for further discussion of these borrowings. 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment . During Q3 2024, our 2025 Notes were redeemed in full prior to contractual maturity, resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment. 
 
 Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax . Equity in earnings of equity method investee consists of our proportionate share of equity earnings or losses from our Matrix equity investment held at our Corporate and Other segment, presented net of related taxes, as well as the earnings of our insurance captive held at the NEMT segment, presented net of related taxes. 
 
 Income tax benefit (provision) . We are subject to federal taxation in the United States and state taxation in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 
 Our segments reflect the manner in which our operations are organized and reviewed by management. Segment results are based on how our CODM manages our business, makes operating decisions and evaluates operating performance. 
 
 We operate four reportable business segments: NEMT, PCS, RPM, and Corporate and Other. The NEMT segment provides non-emergency medical transportation services throughout the country. The PCS segment provides non-medical personal care and home health services. The RPM segment provides remote patient monitoring solutions. The Corporate and Other segment includes the costs associated with our corporate operations and as such, includes activities related to executive, accounting, finance, internal audit, tax, legal and certain strategic and corporate development functions for each segment, as well as the results of an investment in innovation that we completed during the first quarter of 2023. The operating results of the NEMT, PCS and RPM segments include revenue and expenses generated and incurred by the segment, and the Corporate and Other segment includes expenses incurred in relation to our Corporate operations as well as certain service revenue and operating expenses associated with the investment in innovation discussed above. 
 
 See Note 3, Segments , in our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on our segments. 
 
 31 

Results of Operations 
 
 Q3 2024 compared to Q3 2023 
 
 Consolidated results. The following table sets forth results of operations and the percentage of consolidated total Service revenue, net represented by items in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for Q3 2024 and Q3 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Service Revenue Amount of Service Revenue Service revenue, net 702,037 100.0 686,925 100.0 Grant income 551 0.1 Operating expenses: Service expense 597,934 85.2 579,214 84.3 General and administrative expense 70,903 10.1 70,142 10.2 Depreciation and amortization 27,940 4.0 26,077 3.8 Total operating expenses 
 696,777 99.3 675,433 98.3 Operating income 
 5,260 0.7 12,043 1.8 Interest expense, net 28,493 4.1 17,844 2.6 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 11,797 1.7 Loss before income taxes and equity method investment 
 (35,030) (5.0) (5,801) (0.8) Income tax benefit 
 11,070 1.6 1,659 0.2 Equity in net loss of investee, net of tax 
 (2,644) (0.4) (160) Net loss (26,604) (3.8) (4,302) (0.6) 
 
 Service revenue, ne t. Consolidated service revenue, net, for Q3 2024 increased 15.1 million, or 2.2 , compared to Q3 2023. Service revenue, net increased 6.3 million for our NEMT segment, increased 8.5 million for our PCS segment, and decreased 0.3 million for our RPM segment. The remainder of the change is related to our Corporate and Other segment. See our Results of Operations - Segments , for further discussion of the revenue drivers at each respective segment. 
 
 Grant income . We recognized no grant income in Q3 2024 and recognized 0.6 million of grant income in Q3 2023. 
 
 Service expense. Service expense components are shown below (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Service Revenue Amount of Service Revenue Purchased services 383,769 54.7 363,594 52.9 Payroll and related costs 194,904 27.8 197,009 28.7 Other service expenses 19,261 2.7 18,611 2.7 Total service expense 597,934 85.2 579,214 84.3 
 
 Service expense for Q3 2024 increased 18.7 million, or 3.2 , compared to Q3 2023. Service expense at our NEMT segment increased 8.5 million, service expense at our PCS segment increased 8.7 million and service expense increased at our RPM segment 1.1 million. The remainder of the change is related to our Corporate and Other segment. See our Results of Operations - Segments , for further discussion. 
 
 32 

General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense for Q3 2024 increased 0.8 million, or 1.1 , compared to Q3 2023. General and administrative expense at our Corporate and Other segment decreased 6.8 million and at our RPM segment decreased 1.4 million. These decreases were offset by an increase in general and administrative expense at our NEMT segment of 5.3 million along with an increase in general and administrative expense at our PCS segment of 3.6 million. General and administrative expense, expressed as a percentage of service revenue, net decreased to 10.1 for Q3 2024 compared to 10.2 for Q3 2023. See our Results of Operations - Segments , for further discussion. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased 1.9 million, or 7.1 in Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 primarily related to the depreciation associated with the capitalization of internal use software. 
 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net, for Q3 2024 and Q3 2023 was 28.5 million and 17.8 million, respectively, for an increase of 10.6 million, or 59.7 quarter over quarter. During Q3 2024, we incurred 6.6 million and 14.7 million of interest expense related to the 2029 Notes and the Term Loan Facility, respectively. Since the 2025 Notes were redeemed in full on July 1, 2024, and all remaining interest was paid as part of that transaction, there was no interest expense associated with the 2025 Notes during Q3 2024. The remainder of the interest expense in Q3 2024 is related to interest and fees on the Credit Facility, which increased during Q3 2024 due to increased borrowing on the Revolving Credit Facility as compared to Q3 2023. Interest expense is recorded at our Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment . During Q3 2024, our 2025 Notes were redeemed in full prior to contractual maturity, resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment. This balance consists of the redemption premium of 1.469 on the aggregate original principal amount of the 2025 Notes for 7.3 million plus the recognition of the unamortized deferred issuance costs on the 2025 Notes for 4.5 million. 
 
 Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax. Our equity in net loss of investee, net of tax, for Q3 2024 of 2.6 million and our equity in net loss of investee, net of tax, of 0.2 million for Q3 2023 was a result of our proportional share of the net income or loss of Matrix and our investment in a captive insurance program. 
 
 Income tax benefit (provision). Our effective tax rate to arrive at the tax benefit from operations for Q3 2024 and Q3 2023 was 31.6 and 28.6 , respectively. For Q3 2024, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to various tax credits, increased reserves on deferred tax assets, and nondeductible expenses. For Q3 2023, the effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes and nondeductible expenses. 

33 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Consolidated results. The following table sets forth results of operations and the percentage of consolidated total Service revenue, net represented by items in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which we refer to as YTD 2024 , and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which we refer to as YTD 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Service Revenue Amount of Service Revenue Service revenue, net 2,084,787 100.0 2,048,338 100.0 Grant income 4,649 0.2 Operating expenses: Service expense 1,769,600 84.9 1,718,735 83.9 General and administrative expense 224,145 10.8 229,095 11.2 Depreciation and amortization 82,795 4.0 77,679 3.8 Impairment of goodwill 105,302 5.1 183,100 8.9 Total operating expenses 
 2,181,842 104.7 2,208,609 107.8 Operating loss (97,055) (4.7) (155,622) (7.6) Interest expense, net 67,129 3.2 50,769 2.5 Loss on debt extinguishment 11,797 0.6 Loss before income taxes and equity method investment 
 (175,981) (8.4) (206,391) (10.1) Income tax benefit 
 2,055 0.1 4,362 0.2 Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax (3,862) (0.2) 2,821 0.1 Net loss (177,788) (8.5) (199,208) (9.7) 
 
 Service revenue, net. Consolidated service revenue, net, for YTD 2024 increased 36.4 million, or 1.8 , compared to YTD 2023. This change consists of an increase in revenue of 9.8 million at our NEMT segment, an increase in revenue of 24.3 million at our PCS segment, and an increase in revenue of 0.9 million at our RPM segment. The remainder of the change is related to our Corporate and Other segment. See our Results of Operations - Segments , for further discussion. 
 
 Grant income . While we received approximately 16.2 million in grant distributions during YTD 2024, we did not recognize grant income, but recognized a portion of these funds as an offset to service expense once they met the conditions for recognition. We received 21.0 million in grant distributions during YTD 2023 and recognized 4.6 million in grant income, with the difference being recognized either as an offset to service expense, if we incurred the expense for which the grants were intended to compensate, or as an accrued expense, if we have not yet incurred the expense for which the grants were intended to compensate. These funds were received by our NEMT and PCS segments and are available to eligible providers who have healthcare-related expenses and lost revenues attributable to COVID-19 and/or meet the eligibility requirements of the related fund. 
 
 Service expense. Service expense components are shown below (in thousands): 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Purchased services 1,119,248 53.7 1,085,206 53.0 Payroll and related costs 589,373 28.3 579,571 28.3 Other service expenses 60,979 2.9 53,958 2.6 Total service expense 1,769,600 84.9 1,718,735 83.9 
 
 34 

Service expense for YTD 2024 increased 50.9 million, or 3.0 , compared to YTD 2023 primarily due to higher purchased services for our NEMT segment of 34.0 million related to an increase in transportation costs. Payroll and related costs across all segments increased 9.8 million, which was driven by an increase in payroll and related costs of 33.8 million at our PCS and RPM segments, which was partially offset by a decrease in payroll and related costs of 24.2 million at our NEMT segment. See our Results of Operations - Segments , for further discussion. 
 
 General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense for YTD 2024 decreased 5.0 million, or 2.2 , compared to YTD 2023. General and administrative expense at our Corporate and Other segment decreased 20.7 million and at our RPM segment decreased 1.0 million, which was offset by an increase in general and administrative expense at our NEMT segment of 8.1 million along with an increase in general and administrative expense at our PCS segment of 8.7 million. General and administrative expense, expressed as a percentage of service revenue, net decreased to 10.8 for YTD 2024 compared to 11.2 for YTD 2023. See our Results of Operations - Segments , for further discussion. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased 5.1 million, or 6.6 in YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, primarily associated with the capitalization of internal use software. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill. Impairment of goodwill for YTD 2024 and YTD 2023 was 105.3 million and 183.1 million, respectively, and was driven by goodwill impairments that were recorded at our RPM reporting unit during YTD 2024 and at our PCS and RPM reporting units during YTD 2023. See Note 7, Goodwill and Intangible Assets . 
 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net for YTD 2024 and YTD 2023 was 67.1 million and 50.8 million, respectively, for an increase of 16.4 million, or 32.2 year over year. During YTD 2024, we incurred 16.3 million, 19.9 million and 14.7 million of interest expense related to the 2025 Notes, the 2029 Notes, and the Term Loan Facility, respectively. The remainder of the interest expense during YTD 2024 is related to interest and fees on the amended Credit Facility, which increased during YTD 2024 due to increased borrowing on the Revolving Credit Facility as compared to YTD 2023. Interest expense is recorded at our Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment . During Q3 2024, our 2025 Notes were redeemed in full prior to contractual maturity, resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment. This balance consists of the redemption premium of 1.469 on the aggregate original principal amount of the 2025 Notes for 7.3 million plus the recognition of the unamortized deferred issuance costs on the 2025 Notes for 4.5 million. 
 
 Equity in net income (loss) of investee, net of tax. Our equity in net loss of investee, net of tax for YTD 2024 of 3.9 million and our equity in net income of investee, net of tax for YTD 2023 of 2.8 million was a result of our proportional share of the net income or loss of Matrix and our investment in a captive insurance program. 
 
 Income tax benefit (provision). Our effective tax rate to arrive at the tax benefit from operations for YTD 2024 and YTD 2023 was a tax benefit of 1.2 and 2.1 , respectively. The YTD 2024 effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to various tax credits, increased reserves on deferred tax assets, nondeductible expenses, and the nondeductible goodwill impairment. The YTD 2023 effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the nondeductible goodwill impairment. 
 
 35 

Results of Operations - Segments 
 
 The following tables set forth certain financial information attributable to our business segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 NEMT Segment 
 
 (in thousands, except for revenue per member per month, revenue per trip, and service expense per trip) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Operating Results Service revenue, net 492,253 100.0 485,951 100.0 1,462,236 100.0 1,452,389 100.0 Service expense 436,549 88.7 428,021 88.1 1,288,162 88.1 1,277,604 88.0 General and administrative expense 30,758 6.2 25,433 5.2 95,701 6.5 87,645 6.0 Depreciation and amortization 7,645 1.6 6,814 1.4 22,602 1.5 20,319 1.4 Operating income 17,301 3.5 25,683 5.3 55,771 3.8 66,821 4.6 Business Metrics (1) 
 Total paid trips 9,418 8,824 27,257 25,761 Average monthly members 30,023 33,660 29,599 33,892 Revenue per member per month 5.47 4.81 5.49 4.76 Revenue per trip 52.27 55.07 53.65 56.38 Service expense per trip 46.35 48.51 47.26 49.59 Utilization 10.5 8.7 10.2 8.4 
 
 (1) These metrics are key performance indicators that management uses to evaluate our performance. Trends established in these metrics can be used to evaluate current operating results, identify trends affecting our business, determine the allocation of resources and understand the underlying drivers of costs and revenue for our business. We believe these metrics are useful to investors in evaluating and understanding our business but should not be used solely in assessing our performance. These key performance indicators should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the GAAP financial measures presented herein to fully evaluate and understand the business as a whole. 
 
 Our NEMT segment is the largest manager of non-emergency medical transportation programs for state governments and MCOs in the U.S. 
 
 Service revenue, net. Service revenue, net, remained consistent in Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023, with an increase of 1.3 , and remained consistent in YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, with an increase of 0.7 . While average monthly membership decreased 10.8 and 12.7 for the QTD and YTD periods, respectively, the revenue received per member per month increased by 13.7 and 15.3 over the same periods, helping to maintain a consistent revenue level. Revenue per member per month is driven by increases in trip volume. These two factors are correlated due to contract repricing and the partial pass-through of costs associated with our reconciliation, risk corridor, and/or profit rebate contracts (which are considered shared-risk contracts due to the reconciliation provisions). 
 
 The change in average monthly members is correlated to the change in revenue because a majority of our contracts are capitated, and we receive monthly payments on a per member per month basis in return for full or shared risk of transportation volumes. Declines in membership over the periods presented were anticipated and related to Medicaid redetermination, along with certain contract losses. While membership decreased, revenue had an offsetting increase due to increases in the average rate received per member, which increases in line with increases in utilization or trip volume from our shared risk contracts. As most of our capitated contracts have been restructured to a shared risk format, revenue remained consistent despite the decline 
 36 

in membership. Increases in trip volume also positively affected revenue from fee-for-service contracts due to a larger number of services performed. 
 
 Service expense. Service expense for our NEMT segment primarily consists of purchased services, which are costs paid to our third party transportation providers, and payroll and related costs, which consist of salaries of employees within our contact centers and operations centers. Other service expenses include occupancy costs related to our contact centers. Service expense components for the NEMT segment are shown below (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Purchased services 383,769 78.0 363,594 74.8 1,119,248 76.5 1,085,206 74.7 Payroll and related costs 40,383 8.2 51,655 10.6 131,160 9.0 155,388 10.7 Other service expenses 12,397 2.5 12,772 2.6 37,754 2.6 37,010 2.5 Total service expense 436,549 88.7 428,021 88.1 1,288,162 88.1 1,277,604 88.0 
 
 Service expense increased 8.5 million, or 2.0 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023, primarily related to an increase in purchased services of 20.2 million, or 5.5 , which was partially offset by a decrease in payroll and related costs of 11.3 million, or 21.8 . Service expense increased 10.6 million, or 0.8 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, primarily related to an increase in purchased services of 34.0 million, or 3.1 , which was offset by a decrease in payroll and related costs of 24.2 million, or 15.6 . The decrease in payroll and related costs over both periods demonstrates ongoing improvements from cost optimization and digitization efforts in our contact centers. Purchased services costs increased with the 6.7 higher trip volume for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 and the 5.8 higher trip volume for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023. This is partially offset by lower purchased services cost per trip, due to reduction in trip expense from the implementation of our multi-modal strategy. 
 
 General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense primarily consists of salaries for administrative employees that support the operations of the NEMT segment, occupancy costs, marketing expenditures, insurance, and professional fees. General and administrative expense increased 5.3 million, or 20.9 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 and increased 8.1 million, or 9.2 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023. The increases are primarily related to higher salaries for administrative employees during both periods. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 0.8 million, or 12.2 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 and increased 2.3 million, or 11.2 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023. Both increases are primarily associated with the depreciation expense recorded as a result of additional investment in internal use software. 

37 

PCS Segment 
 
 (in thousands, except service revenue per hour and service expense per hour) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Operating Results Service revenue, net 188,518 100.0 179,979 100.0 558,696 100.0 534,435 100.0 Grant income 551 0.3 4,649 0.9 Service expense 151,745 80.5 143,078 79.5 451,049 80.7 417,636 78.1 General and administrative expense 23,823 12.6 20,252 11.3 72,152 12.9 63,480 11.9 Depreciation and amortization 12,918 6.9 12,850 7.1 38,506 6.9 38,590 7.2 Impairment of goodwill 137,331 25.7 Operating income (loss) 32 4,350 2.4 (3,011) (0.5) (117,953) (22.1) Business Metrics (1) 
 Total hours 7,174 6,995 21,187 20,752 Service revenue per hour 26.28 25.73 26.37 25.75 Service expense per hour 21.15 20.45 21.29 20.13 
 
 (1) These metrics are key performance indicators that management uses to evaluate our performance. Trends established in these metrics can be used to evaluate current operating results, identify trends affecting our business, determine the allocation of resources and understand the underlying drivers of costs and revenue for our business. We believe these metrics are useful to investors in evaluating and understanding our business but should not be used solely in assessing our performance. These key performance indicators should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the GAAP financial measures presented herein to fully evaluate and understand the business as a whole. 
 
 Our PCS segment s services include placements of non-medical personal care assistants and home health aides and nurses primarily to Medicaid patient populations in need of care monitoring and assistance performing daily living activities in the home setting, including senior citizens and disabled adults. 
 
 Service revenue, net. PCS contracts are generally structured as fee-for-service contracts, with revenue driven by the number of hours worked by our personal care providers. Service revenue, net, increased 8.5 million, or 4.7 , for Q3 2024, as compared to Q3 2023, primarily due to 2.6 higher hours worked by personal care providers, as well as 2.1 higher rates earned per hour. Service revenue, net, increased 24.3 million, or 4.5 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, primarily due to 2.1 higher hours worked by personal care providers, as well as 2.4 higher rates earned per hour during the same period. 
 
 Grant income . During Q3 2024 and YTD 2024, we did not recognize grant income and during Q3 2023 and YTD 2023, we recognized 0.6 million and 4.6 million, respectively, related to government grant distributions received, primarily from the ARPA SLFRF. See discussion in the consolidated Results of Operations section for more information. 
 
 38 

Service expense. Service expense for our PCS segment primarily consists of wages for our employees who provide personal care services and it typically trends with the number of hours worked and cost per hour of service. Service expense components for the PCS segment are shown below (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Payroll and related costs 150,132 79.6 141,921 78.9 444,923 79.6 413,995 77.5 Other service expenses 1,613 0.9 1,157 0.6 6,126 1.1 3,641 0.7 Total service expense 151,745 80.5 143,078 79.5 451,049 80.7 417,636 78.1 
 
 Service expense for Q3 2024 increased 8.7 million, or 6.1 , as compared to Q3 2023, primarily as a result of a 3.4 increase in service expense per hour, as well as a 2.6 increase in hours of service provided. Service expense for YTD 2024 increased 33.4 million, or 8.0 , as compared to YTD 2023, primarily as a result of a 5.8 increase in service expense per hour, as well as a 2.1 increase in hours of service provided. The increases in service expense per hour are driven primarily by increased wage rates for our caregivers, predominately from wage increases in New York, New Jersey, and West Virginia. 
 
 General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense primarily consists of salaries for administrative employees that support the operations of the PCS segment, occupancy costs, marketing expenditures, insurance, and professional fees. General and administrative expense increased 3.6 million, or 17.6 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 and general and administrative expense increased 8.7 million, or 13.7 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023. The increases are primarily related to increased legal fees from various audits and legal proceedings as well as increased software maintenance expense related to the implementation of a home care platform in certain markets in Q3 2024. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expense remained consistent for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 and for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023. This balance primarily consists of amortization expense on the payor network intangible asset. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill. During Q3 2024 and Q3 2023, we did not record any impairment charge on the goodwill at our PCS reporting unit. During YTD 2024 we also did not record any impairment charge on the goodwill at our PCS reporting unit. During YTD 2023, as a result of our quantitative goodwill assessment on July 1, we determined that the goodwill within our PCS reporting unit was impaired which resulted in an impairment of goodwill charge of 137.3 million. See Note 7, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional details. 
 
 39 

RPM Segment 
 
 (in thousands, except Revenue per member per month and Service expense per member per month) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Operating Results Service revenue, net 19,448 100.0 19,779 100.0 58,575 100.0 57,702 100.0 Service expense 8,018 41.2 6,934 35.1 24,556 41.9 20,129 34.9 General and administrative expense 4,332 22.3 5,685 28.7 15,780 26.9 16,781 29.1 Depreciation and amortization 7,073 36.4 6,174 31.2 20,834 35.6 18,087 31.3 Impairment of goodwill 105,302 179.8 45,769 79.3 Operating income (loss) 
 25 0.1 986 5.0 (107,897) (184.2) (43,064) (74.6) Business Metrics (1) 
 Average monthly members 246 247 247 241 Revenue per member per month 26.35 26.69 26.35 26.60 Service expense per member per month 10.86 9.36 11.05 9.28 
 
 (1) These metrics are key performance indicators that management uses to evaluate our performance. Trends established in these metrics can be used to evaluate current operating results, identify trends affecting our business, determine the allocation of resources and understand the underlying drivers of costs and revenue for our business. We believe these metrics are useful to investors in evaluating and understanding our business but should not be used solely in assessing our performance. These key performance indicators should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the GAAP financial measures presented herein to fully evaluate and understand the business as a whole. 
 
 Our RPM segment is a provider of remote patient monitoring solutions and manages a comprehensive suite of services, including personal emergency response systems monitoring, vitals monitoring and data-driven patient engagement solutions. 
 
 Service revenue, net. RPM contracts are generally structured as a fixed fee per enrolled member per month and therefore, revenue is generally driven by the number of enrolled members and the rate received per member per month. Service revenue, net, decreased 0.3 million, or 1.7 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023, primarily related to a 1.3 decrease in revenue per member per month paired with a small decrease in average monthly members. Service revenue, net, increased 0.9 million, or 1.5 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, primarily related to a 2.5 increase in average monthly members from YTD 2023 to YTD 2024. 
 
 Service expense. Service expense for our RPM segment primarily consists of salaries for the employees providing the remote monitoring services as well as occupancy costs. Service expense components for the RPM segment are shown below (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Amount of Segment Revenue Payroll and related costs 4,281 22.0 3,414 17.3 12,850 21.9 9,941 17.2 Other service expenses 3,737 19.2 3,520 17.8 11,706 20.0 10,188 17.7 Total service expense 8,018 41.2 6,934 35.1 24,556 41.9 20,129 34.9 
 
 40 

Service expense increased 1.1 million, or 15.6 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023, primarily related to an increase of 0.9 million, or 25.4 , in payroll and related costs. Service expense increased 4.4 million, or 22.0 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, primarily related to an increase of 2.9 million, or 29.3 , in payroll and related costs. Payroll and related costs increased due to increased wages and benefits for our monitoring employees as well as increased device installation costs. 
 
 General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense primarily consists of salaries for administrative employees that indirectly support the operations, occupancy costs, marketing expenditures, insurance, and professional fees. General and administrative expense for Q3 2024 decreased as compared to Q3 2023 by 1.4 million, or 23.8 . General and administrative expense for YTD 2024 decreased as compared to YTD 2023 by 1.0 million, or 6.0 . 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 0.9 million, or 14.6 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023, and increased 2.7 million, or 15.2 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, primarily related to additional depreciation expense on an increased number of RPM devices used to service the 2.5 increase in average monthly members from YTD 2023. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill. During Q3 2024 and Q3 2023, we did not record any impairment charge on the goodwill at our RPM reporting unit. During YTD 2024 and YTD 2023, as a result of our quantitative goodwill assessment on July 1, we determined that the goodwill within our RPM reporting unit was impaired which resulted in an impairment of goodwill charge of 105.3 million and 45.8 million, respectively. See Note 7, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional details. 
 
 41 

Corporate and Other Segment 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service revenue, net 1,818 1,216 5,280 3,812 Service expense 1,622 1,181 5,833 3,366 General and administrative expense 11,990 18,772 40,512 61,189 Depreciation and amortization 304 239 853 683 Operating loss (12,098) (18,976) (41,918) (61,426) 
 
 Our Corporate and Other segment includes our executive, accounting, finance, internal audit, tax, legal, public reporting and corporate development functions. This segment also includes the results of our equity investment in Matrix and the operating results of our investments in innovation related to data analytics products and solutions, which is comprised of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Higi Care, LLC Higi ), which was acquired during the first quarter of 2023. Higi provides certain data-driven personal health technologies and also began providing virtual clinical care management services (the "MSO") through an unaffiliated professional corporation (the "PC") owned and operated by a licensed physician in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Service revenue, net and Service expense: The acquisition of Higi, which was a strategic investment in growth, contributes to service revenue and service expense. 
 
 General and administrative expense and Depreciation and amortization: Our Corporate and Other segment includes costs incurred related to strategy and stewardship of the other operating segments. These expenses are primarily general and administrative expenses, with a minimal amount related to depreciation. The general and administrative expense decreased 6.8 million, or 36.1 , for Q3 2024 as compared to Q3 2023 and decreased 20.7 million, or 33.8 , for YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023. This decrease is primarily related to lower professional service costs and lower legal fees, which were higher in the prior year due to executive departure. 

Seasonality 
 
 Our NEMT and PCS segments' operating income and cash flows normally fluctuate as a result of seasonal variations in our business, principally due to lower demand for transportation and in-home services during the winter season and periods with major holidays as members and patients may spend more time with family and less time alone needing outside care during those periods. While this fluctuation is noted in terms of the use of our services during these seasonal shifts, it does not have a material impact on our results of operations and therefore is not adjusted for. Our RPM segment s operating income and cash flows do not normally fluctuate as a result of seasonal variations in the business. 

Liquidity and capital resources 
 
 Short-term capital requirements consist primarily of recurring operating expenses, contract start-up costs on new revenue contracts and costs associated with our strategic initiatives. We expect to meet our short-term cash requirements through available cash on hand, cash generated from operations, net of capital expenditures, and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). For information regarding our long-term capital requirements, see below under the caption "Liquidity". 
 
 Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 36.5 million. Our balance of cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, was 48.3 million and 2.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We had restricted cash of 0.5 million and 0.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Restricted cash amounts are not included in our balance of cash and cash equivalents in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, although they are included in the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balance on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 We may, from time to time, access capital markets to raise equity or debt financing for various business reasons, including acquisitions, repurchases of common stock, investments in our business and possible refinancing activity. The timing, term, size, and pricing of any such financing will depend on investor interest and market conditions, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such financing on terms acceptable to us at the time or at all. 
 
 42 

YTD 2024 cash flows compared to YTD 2023 
 
 Operating activities. Cash used in operating activities was 36.5 million for YTD 2024 compared to cash used in operating activities of 57.3 million for YTD 2023. The decrease in cash used of 20.9 million between periods was primarily a result of an increase in cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 43.6 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities were partly driven by an increase in cash collected from contract receivables during YTD 2024 of 91.7 million on certain risk corridor and reconciliation contracts. This increase from the changes in operating assets and liabilities is partially offset by an increase in the accounts receivable and other receivables balance of 48.2 million primarily related to the timing of cash receipts on our trade accounts receivable and other receivables, as well as a decrease in our contract payables of 9.5 million related to payments made on certain risk corridor and reconciliation contracts as compared to YTD 2023. 
 
 Investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities was 22.3 million in YTD 2024, which decreased by 8.9 million as compared to YTD 2023. This decrease is related to less cash spent on purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Financing activities. Net cash provided by financing activities was 104.8 million for YTD 2024, compared to 82.1 million for YTD 2023. The increase of 22.7 million was primarily a result of the issuance of a Term Loan Facility in the aggregate principal amount of 525.0 million which was partially offset by the redemption of our 2025 Notes for 507.3 million. The increase is also driven by an increase of 31.2 million in net proceeds from our short-term borrowing on our Revolving Credit Facility during YTD 2024 as compared to YTD 2023, partially offset by higher debt issuance costs of 25.1 million related to the Third and Fourth Amendments to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Obligations and commitments 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes. On November 4, 2020, we issued 500.0 million in the aggregate principal amount of 5.875 senior unsecured notes due on November 15, 2025 (the 2025 Notes ). Subsequently, on August 24, 2021, we issued an additional 500.0 million in the aggregate principal amount of 5.000 senior unsecured notes due on October 1, 2029 (the 2029 Notes and, together with the 2025 Notes, the Notes ). For information related to our senior unsecured notes, refer to Note 9, Debt, of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements . 
 
 The 2025 Notes were redeemed in full on July 1, 2024 prior to contractual maturity, at a redemption premium of 1.469 on the aggregate original principal amount of the 2025 Notes for a total redemption of 507.3 million, plus the payment of approximately 3.8 million in accrued and unpaid interest on the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes were redeemed in connection with the funding of the Term Loan Facility discussed below. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility. We are party to the amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and an issuing bank, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as an issuing bank, Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Regions Bank, Bank of Montreal and Capital One, National Association, as co-documentation agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and the other lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement, as amended to date, provides us with a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 325.0 million. The Revolving Credit Facility includes sublimits for swingline loans, letters of credit and alternative currency loans in amounts of up to 25.0 million, 60.0 million and 75.0 million, respectively. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains financial and non-financial covenants, including an affirmative covenant regarding our Total Net Leverage Ratio, determined as of the end of each of our fiscal quarters, which is the ratio of (a) our total net indebtedness to (b) our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and certain non-recurring charges, fees, and expenses, as set for the in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On June 26, 2023, we entered into the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement which amended the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On February 22, 2024, we entered into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement which further amended the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the amended Credit Agreement as well as added a quarterly minimum liquidity covenant (the "Liquidity Covenant") that restricts us from permitting our Liquidity (as defined in the Second Amendment and which is determined generally to be, as of any date of determination, the sum of our available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility plus the amount of our unencumbered cash), to be less than 100.0 million as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. 
 
 43 

On July 1, 2024, we entered into the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, extended with respect to the lenders identified in the Third Amendment the maturity date covering 255.0 million in the aggregate principal amount of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility to February 3, 2028. The existing financial covenants under the amended Credit Agreement were retained for the benefit solely of the Revolving Credit Facility lenders, and the minimum liquidity level required by the Liquidity Covenant was decreased from 100.0 million to 75.0 million. Certain other financial covenants and restrictions under the Credit Agreement were also modified by the Third Amendment, as previously disclosed. The fees associated with the Third Amendment of 0.3 million will be amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which amended the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the amended Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 to 6.50:1.00. In addition, the Fourth Amendment reduced the minimum interest coverage ratio for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to 2.00:1.00 and increased the applicable margin on the Revolving Credit Facility by 0.25 until we deliver the required financial statements and compliance certificate for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in the amended Credit Agreement and our Total Net Leverage Ratio was 5.59:1.00. 
 
 Term Loan Facility. On July 1, 2024, pursuant to the Third Amendment, we established a new term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility") in the aggregate principal amount of 525.0 million with the Term Loan Facility lenders named therein. The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility were used to (i) redeem our 2025 Notes, (ii) repay a portion of the Revolving Credit Facility outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Third Amendment, and (iii) pay fees and expenses associated with such transactions. We incurred approximately 24.4 million of deferred financing costs with respect to the Term Loan Facility. 
 
 The Term Loan Facility matures on the earlier of (a) July 1, 2031 and (b) July 2, 2029 if any of the 2029 Notes remain outstanding on that date. Principal payments on the Term Loan Facility are required on a quarterly basis, commencing with the quarter ending September 30, 2024, in the amount equal to 0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Facility outstanding on the date of issuance. All unpaid amounts of the Term Loan Facility shall be paid in full on the maturity date. The Term Loan Facility requires annual prepayments of a percentage of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the amended Credit Agreement); commencing with the year ending December 31, 2025 as follows: (i) 75.0 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than 4.40:1.00, (ii) 50.0 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than 3.90:1:00, but less than or equal to 4.40:1.00, (iii) 25.0 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than 3.40:1.00, but less than or equal to 3.90:1.00, and (iv) 0.0 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was less than or equal to 3.40:1.00. The Term Loan Facility also requires mandatory prepayments in the event of certain asset dispositions or casualty events. In addition, the Term Loan Facility is subject to a prepayment premium for the first six months after entering into the Third Amendment in the event of any repricing transaction. 
 
 Interest on the Term Loan Facility is generally payable quarterly, in arrears, on the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Facility at the following rates for the interest period in effect for such borrowing: (i) a SOFR-based benchmark plus 4.75 or (ii) a prime rate (or other alternate base rate) benchmark plus 3.75 in the case of ABR Loans (as such terms are defined in the amended Credit Agreement). The Term Loan Facility is subject to customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default, as defined in the amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity measures our ability to meet current and future cash flow needs on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. We manage our liquidity position to meet our daily cash flow needs, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our shareholders. Our liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and current liabilities and access to alternative sources of funds. Liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, of 48.3 million and accounts receivable, contract receivables, and other receivables of 375.9 million as of September 30, 2024. Current liabilities, which totaled 768.8 million at period end as detailed in the table below, included 83.5 million in guarantees and letters of credit that are not expected to be settled in cash. Other sources of liquidity include amounts currently available under our Revolving Credit Facility and expected future cash generated from operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had amounts available under our Revolving Credit Facility of up to approximately 41.4 million. 
 
 Management s assessment of our liquidity is highly dependent on our ability to meet operating forecasts, including cash generated by operations, and manage working capital, including specifically the timely collection of outstanding contract receivables, which were 110.4 million at September 30, 2024. During YTD 2024, we have faced a lengthened time interval between earning revenue and collecting receivables under outstanding contracts with customers due to complexities in 
 44 

Medicare, Medicaid, and nongovernmental payor arrangements. This prolonged interval between fulfilling our performance obligations and collecting the cash owed for our services, which we have not historically experienced to this extent, has lengthened overall collection periods and increased the uncertainty concerning the timing of the collection of these outstanding contract receivables. 
 
 As of the issuance date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, Management determined that the extended collection periods and uncertainty concerning the timing of the collection of outstanding contract receivables has changed our forecasts of our ability to meet certain financial covenants in our debt instruments, specifically related to our Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant in our amended Credit Agreement. As a result, it has been determined that substantial doubt exists about our ability to meet our obligations as they come due within one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 While we continue to monitor cash generated from operations, available credit, and other liquid assets, sustaining operations relies heavily on the timely collection of contract receivables and compliance with the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant in our Credit Agreement, as amended to date. Failure to meet this covenant or others could cause our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility, and the Company s Notes due 2029 to become immediately due and payable, and we may not have sufficient liquidity to satisfy such obligations. In such event, we would expect to be required to restructure our existing debt or seek additional equity or debt financing to meet our obligations and maintain our existence as a going concern. 
 
 To address our compliance with the financial covenants in our debt instruments for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to our Credit Agreement on September 30, 2024. This amendment increased the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio under the amended Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 to 6.50:1.00 from 5.25:1.00. As a result of the Fourth Amendment, we were in compliance with all of our covenants under the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Management intends to undertake additional actions including continuing our discussions with our bank group on a collaborative long-term relief amendment to support ongoing compliance with financial covenants and take other measures to further address these issues, support the funding of operations and improve liquidity. There can be no assurance, however, that any long-term relief amendment or additional funds will be available when needed on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or in an amount sufficient to enable us to satisfy our obligations or sustain operations in the future. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business we have entered into contractual obligations and have made other commitments to make future payments. Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily to fund on-going operations. These liquidity requirements are met primarily through cash flow from operations, debt financing, and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. For additional information regarding our operating, investing and financing cash flows, see Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, included in Part I, Item I of this report. 
 
 We have cash requirements of 768.8 million due in one year or less in addition to 1,371.3 million due in more than one year as of September 30, 2024. The following is a summary of our future cash requirements for the next twelve months and the period extending beyond twelve months as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 
 45 

At September 30, 2024 
 Less than Greater than Total 1 Year 1 Year Senior Unsecured Notes (1) 
 500,000 500,000 Term Loan Facility (1) 
 523,688 5,250 518,438 Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 228,000 228,000 Interest (2) 
 372,290 91,399 280,891 Contracts payable (3) 
 47,300 47,300 Transportation costs (4) 
 95,023 95,023 Deferred tax liabilities (5) 
 32,831 32,831 Operating leases (6) 
 42,912 8,548 34,364 Guarantees (7) 
 32,704 27,954 4,750 Letters of credit (7) 
 55,556 55,556 Purchased service commitment (8) 
 12,375 12,375 Other current cash obligations (9) 
 197,398 197,398 Total 2,140,077 768,803 1,371,274 
 
 (1) See Note 9 of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements for further detail of our Senior Unsecured Notes, Term Loan Facility, and Revolving Credit Facility and the timing of expected future payments. 
 (2) Interest payments on our Senior Unsecured Notes are typically paid semi-annually in arrears and have been calculated at the rates fixed as of September 30, 2024. Interest payments on our Term Loan Facility are typically paid quarterly in arrears and have been calculated at the SOFR-based benchmark plus the applicable margin of 4.75 as of September 30, 2024. Interest payments on our Revolving Credit Facility have been calculated by taking the expected borrowing on the Revolving Credit Facility for the next year at the weighted average interest rate of borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2024 of 9.3 . 
 (3) See Note 4 of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements for further detail of our contracts payable. 
 (4) See Note 1 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 26, 2024 for further detail of our accrued transportation cost. 
 (5) Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 (6) The operating leases are for office space. Certain leases contain periodic rent escalation adjustments and renewal options. See Note 15 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 26, 2024 for further detail of our operating leases. 
 (7) Letters of credit LOCs are guarantees of potential payments to third parties under certain conditions. Guarantees include surety bonds we provide to certain customers to protect against potential non-delivery of our non-emergency transportation services. Our LOCs shown in the table were provided by our Revolving Credit Facility and reduced our availability under the related Credit Agreement. The surety bonds and LOC amounts in the above table represent the amount of commitment expiration per period. 
 (8) The purchased service commitment includes the maximum penalty we would incur if we do not meet our minimum volume commitment over the remaining term of the agreement under certain contracts. See Note 17 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 26, 2024 for further detail of our purchased service commitment. 
 (9) These include other current liabilities reflected in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024, including accounts payable and accrued expenses as detailed at Note 8 of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements . 
 
 Our primary sources of funding include operating cash flows, available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility and access to capital markets. In addition, there are statutory, regulatory, and debt covenant limitations that affect our ability to access the capital market for funds. Management believes that such limitations will not impact our ability to meet our ongoing short-term cash obligations. Management continuously monitors our liquidity position and adjustments are made to the balance between sources and uses of funds as deemed appropriate. Except as disclosed herein, our management is not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, capital resources, or operations. In 
 46 

addition, our management is not aware of any regulatory recommendations regarding liquidity, which if implemented, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP and our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and operating results require our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K for a description of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since the 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We have exposure to interest rate risk mainly related to our Revolving Credit Facility and our Term Loan Facility, which have variable interest rates that may increase. We had a combined 233.3 million of short-term debt outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility and 55.6 million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2024. Interest rates on the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility vary and accrue at a per annum rate equal to the Alternate Base Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SONIA Rate, as applicable and each as defined in the Credit Agreement, in each case, plus an applicable margin. Interest rates on the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Facility vary and accrue at a per annum rate equal to the SOFR-based benchmark, a prime rate, or other alternate base rate, as applicable and each as defined in the amended Credit Agreement, in each case plus an applicable margin. We completed an interest rate risk sensitivity analysis with the assumption that the short-term borrowing amount that was outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was outstanding for the fiscal year with an assumed one-percentage point increase in interest rates. Based on this analysis, the one-percentage point increase would have an approximate 2.3 million negative impact on our pre-tax earnings. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 The Company's management, under the supervision and with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of September 30, 2024. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, to the extent of the material weaknesses identified in internal control over financial reporting as described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, such disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In light of the material weaknesses described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, management performed additional analysis and other procedures to ensure that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Accordingly, management believes that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows as of and for the periods presented, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 The Company, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, is in the process of ongoing remediation efforts related to the material weaknesses previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, management began executing on the newly designed internal controls and supporting processes to address the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting at the Company's PCS segment as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The remediation plan put into place by management includes working with an independent third-party internal control specialist to lead the remediation efforts as well as the addition of resources within the organization to improve structure and help mitigate 
 47 

risks previously identified. The approach to the remediation plan is uniform and enterprise-wide to eliminate future enterprise risk and strengthen the Company's overall internal control over financial reporting. Key focus areas have been identified as general information technology control (GITC) deficiencies, namely change management controls and logical access controls, and process-level controls activities in the Company's revenue processes and payroll processes within the PCS segment. 
 To that effect, the Company has: 
 Successfully brought the remaining PCS business unit onto an existing payroll system, creating standard systems, processes, and controls related to payroll across the PCS segment; 
 Successfully brought the remaining PCS business unit onto the existing PCS revenue and billing system, creating standard systems, processes, and controls related to revenue and billing across the PCS segment; 
 Executed on test of design for newly designed controls and processes in payroll and revenue. 
 
 The Company's management continues to focus on projects that automate, standardize, and centralize the Company's control environment as it continues to integrate the PCS segment. Management believes that the remediation measures described above will address the material weaknesses and strengthen the Company's overall internal control over financial reporting. Management will continue to monitor the progress of these efforts, and may take additional measures or modify the remediation plan described above in order to effectively address the control deficiencies. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the remediated controls have operated for a sufficient amount of time for management to conclude, through testing, that the controls are designed and operating effectively. 
 
 (c) Limitations on the effectiveness of controls 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company conducts periodic evaluations of its internal controls to enhance, where necessary, its procedures and controls. 
 48 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time-to-time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We record accruals for outstanding legal matters when it is believed to be probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Management, following consultation with legal counsel, does not expect the ultimate disposition of any or a combination of any such ongoing or anticipated matters to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. We cannot predict with certainty, however, the potential for or outcome of any litigation. Regardless of the outcome of any particular litigation and the merits of any particular claim, litigation can have a material adverse impact on us due to, among other reasons, any injunctive relief granted which could inhibit our ability to operate our business, amounts paid as damages or in settlement of any such matter, diversion of management resources and defense costs. Interested parties should refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies , in this report for information concerning other potential contingent liabilities matters that do not rise to the level of materiality for purposes of disclosure hereunder. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The risks described under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. The discussion of the risks included under that caption in our Annual Report remains current in all material respects, and there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Annual Report, except as otherwise set forth below: 
 
 Substantial doubt exists about our ability to meet our obligations as they come due within one year from the date of issuance of the financial statements included within this report, the existence of which may have a material adverse effect on our stock price, our ability to raise capital or enter into strategic transactions, and our relationships with key stakeholders. 
 
 As discussed in Note 1, Management's Liquidity Plans and Going Concern Considerations, to the unaudited financial statements included in this report, and under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity in this report, the Company has faced a lengthened time interval between earning revenue and collecting receivables under outstanding contracts with some of its customers due to complexities in Medicare, Medicaid, and nongovernmental payor arrangements. This prolonged interval between the Company fulfilling its performance obligations and collecting the cash owed for its services from its customers has lengthened collection periods and increased the uncertainty concerning the timing of the collection of these corresponding outstanding contract receivables. The extended collection periods and uncertainty concerning the timing of the collection of outstanding contract receivables has changed the Company s forecasts of, among other things, its ability to meet the Company s Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant in its amended Credit Agreement. Any failure to maintain compliance with such financial or other covenant could cause the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Company s Notes due 2029 to become immediately due and payable, and the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to satisfy such obligations. As a result, it has been determined that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to meet its obligations as they come due within one year from the date of issuance of the financial statements included in this report. 
 
 The Company is analyzing various alternatives to support ongoing compliance with financial covenants and the continued funding of operations and to improve liquidity, including continuing discussions with the Company s bank group on a collaborative long-term relief amendment with respect to the Company s financial covenants. There can be no assurance, however, that any long-term relief amendment, additional funds or strategic transactions will be available when needed on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all, or in an amount sufficient to enable the Company to satisfy its obligations or sustain operations in the future. In addition, if the Company issues equity to raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of the Company s common stock, and the Company s current stockholders may experience dilution. 
 
 Furthermore, as a result of the determination itself that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to meet its obligations as they come due within one year from the date of issuance of the financial statements included in this report, there may be material adverse impacts to the Company s stock price, the Company s ability to raise capital or enter into strategic transactions on terms acceptable to the Company or at all, or the Company s relationships with its key stakeholders. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient, timely financial resources and improve liquidity, its business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Any of these adverse impacts could result in a significant or complete loss of your investment. 
 
 49 

The risk factors discussed by us do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 50 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 51 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on December 9, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, dated as of May 6, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2015). 
 3.3 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, effective January 6, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant's current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021). 
 3.4 Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, effective June 13, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2023). 
 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, effective January 6, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021). 
 3.6 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, effective June 13, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant's current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2023). 
 4.1 Indenture for 5.000 Senior Notes Due 2029 dated as of August 24, 2021, between ModivCare Escrow Issuer, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2021). 
 10.1 Amendment No. 3, dated as of July 1, 2024, to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, among ModivCare Inc., the co-syndication agents party thereto, the co-documentation agents party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 3, 2024). 
 10.2 
 Amendment No. 4 , dated as of September 30 , 2024, to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, among ModivCare Inc., the co-syndication agents party thereto, the co-documentation agents party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent . 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS Inline XBR Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 52 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ModivCare Inc. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ L. Heath Sampson L. Heath Sampson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Barbara Gutierrez 
 Barbara Gutierrez 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 53 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 ex102amendmentno4tocredita.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

EXECUTION COPY 
 AMENDMENT NO. 4 
 Dated as of September 30, 2024 
 to 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of February 3, 2022 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 4 (this Amendment is made as of September 30, 2024 by and among ModivCare Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower ), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement and as further amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the requisite Revolving Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Revolving Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have so agreed on the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrower, the Revolving Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (as defined below), the parties hereto agree that the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), as set forth in Annex A hereto. 
 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment (the date of such effectiveness, the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received counterparts of (i) this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Required Revolving Lenders and the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Consent and Reaffirmation attached hereto duly executed by the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 
 US-DOCS 154239041.3 

(b) Within two Business Days following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of an amendment fee for the ratable account of each Revolving Lender that shall have consented to this Amendment and delivered its executed signature page hereto, in an amount that has been previously agreed by the Borrower and disclosed to the Revolving Lenders. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower and are enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, subject to (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (iii) requirements of reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing. 
 (b) As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect is true and correct in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect is true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Each Loan Document and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby), the other Loan Documents or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 (d) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 5. Release Covenants Acknowledgement . 
 (a) In consideration of, among other things, Administrative Agent s and the Lenders execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor (by virtue of its execution of the Consent and Reaffirmation attached hereto) (the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Loan Parties and each a Loan Party ), on behalf of itself and its agents, 
 2 

representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, and assigns (each a Releasor and collectively the Releasors ), hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases and forever discharges the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each other Secured Party and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors, partners, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, and other representatives of each of the foregoing (each a Released Party and collectively the Released Parties ), from any and all claims, demands or causes of action of any kind, nature or description (including, without limitation, crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off, and recoupment) (collectively, the Claims ), whether arising in law or equity or upon contract or tort or under any state or federal law or otherwise, which any Loan Party has had, now has or has made claim to have against any such person for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever in connection with the Credit Agreement arising from the beginning of time to and including the Amendment Effective Date, whether such claims, demands and causes of action are matured or unmatured or known or unknown. It is the intention of each Loan Party in providing this release that the same shall be effective as a bar to each and every claim, demand and cause of action specified in the immediately preceding sentence. Each Loan Party acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to those now known or believed to be true with respect to such claims, demands, or causes of action and agree that this instrument shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding any such differences or additional facts. Each Loan Party understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. 
 (b) Each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Released Party above that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Released Party on the basis of any claim released, remised and discharged by any Loan Party pursuant to the above release. If any Loan Party or any of their successors, assigns or other legal representatives violates the foregoing covenant, each Loan Party, for itself and its successors, assigns and legal representatives, agrees to pay, in addition to such other damages as any Released Party may sustain as a result of such violation, all reasonable attorneys fees and out-of-pocket costs incurred by such Released Party as a result of such violation. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Releasors shall not release the Releasees pursuant to clauses 5(a) and (b), nor indemnify the Releasees pursuant to clauses 5(a) and (b), if such release or indemnity, as applicable, arises as a result of such Releasee s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision) and to the extent, the Releasees have breached the provisions of this Amendment. 
 (d) Each Loan Party represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof, there are no liabilities, claims, suits, debts, liens, losses, causes of action, demands, rights, damages or costs, or expenses of any kind, character or nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which any Loan Party may have or claim to have against any Released Party arising with respect to the Secured Obligations, the Credit Agreement, this Amendment or any other Loan Document. 
 (e) To the extent that, notwithstanding the New York choice of law provisions in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, California law is deemed to apply to the release and indemnification provisions set forth herein, each Loan Party warrants, represents and agrees that they are fully aware of California Civil Code Section 1542, which provides as follows 
 3 

SECTION 1542. GENERAL RELEASE. A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 
 (f) Each Loan Party hereby knowingly and voluntarily waive and relinquish the provisions, rights and benefits of California Civil Code Section 1542 and all similar federal or state laws, rights, rules, or legal principles of any other jurisdiction that may be applicable herein, and any rights they may have to invoke the provisions of any such law now or in the future with respect to the Claims being released pursuant to this Section 5 , and each Loan Party hereby agrees and acknowledges that this is an essential term of the releases set forth in this Section 5 . In connection with such releases, each Loan Party acknowledges that they are aware that they or their attorneys or others may hereafter discover claims or facts presently unknown or unsuspected in addition to or different from those which they now know or believe to be true with respect to the subject matter of the Claims being released pursuant to this Section 5 . Nevertheless, it is the intention of each Loan Party in executing this Amendment to fully, finally, and forever settle and release all matters and all claims relating thereto, which exist, hereafter may exist or might have existed (whether or not previously or currently asserted in any action) constituting Claims released pursuant to this Section 5 . 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 5 (the Release Provisions shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, and the other Loan Documents and payment in full of the Secured Obligations. The Borrower and the other Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are entering into this Amendment in reliance upon, and is consideration for, among other things, the general releases and indemnities contained in the Release Provisions and the other covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereunder. 
 6. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 7. Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 8. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 MODIVCARE INC., as the Borrower 

s L. Heath Sampson Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare Inc. 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a Revolving Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By s Melanie Her 
 Name Melanie Her 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

TRUIST BANK, as a Revolving Lender 
 By s Katie Lundin Name Katie Lundin Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Revolving Lender 
 By s Matthew Beltman Name Matthew Beltman Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Revolving Lender 
 By s Philip Tancorra Name Philip Tancorra Title Vice President Philip.tancorra db.com 
 212-250-6576 
 By s Suzan Onal Name Suzan Onal Title Vice President suzan.onal db.com 
 212-250-3174 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

REGIONS BANK, as a Revolving Lender 
 By s Brian Walsh Name Brian Walsh Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

KEYBANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Revolving Lender 
 By s Tanille Ingle Name Tanille Ingle Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as a Revolving Lender 
 By s JR Young Name JR Young Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Revolving Lender 
 By s Mary Harold Name Mary Harold Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 
 ModivCare, Inc. 

Annex A 
 Attached. 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 February 3, 2022 
 among 
 MODIVCARE INC. 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent TRUIST BANK and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents 
 
 TRUIST BANK, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., REGIONS BANK and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents in connection with Amendment No. 3 DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., REGIONS BANK, BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Documentation Agents 
 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as Co-Documentation Agents in connection with Amendment No. 3 

US-DOCS 150712774.12 154239102.3 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers in connection with Amendment No. 3 
 and 
 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS, a division of Regions Bank, and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Lead Arrangers in connection with Amendment No. 3 

Table of Contents 
 Page 

 ARTICLE I Definitions 1 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 55 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 55 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 55 
 SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 57 
 SECTION 1.06. Status of Obligations 58 
 SECTION 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts 58 
 SECTION 1.08. Divisions 58 
 SECTION 1.09. Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents 58 
 SECTION 1.10. Limited Condition Transactions 59 
 SECTION 1.11. Amendment No. 3 Effective Date Reallocations 60 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 60 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments 60 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 61 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 62 
 SECTION 2.04. Reserved 62 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 63 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 64 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 70 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 70 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 72 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans Evidence of Debt 72 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 73 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees 77 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest 78 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 79 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 82 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments. 83 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes 84 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Allocations of Proceeds Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs 87 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 88 
 SECTION 2.20. Incremental Facilities 89 
 SECTION 2.21. Defaulting Lenders 93 
 SECTION 2.22. Loan Modification Offers 95 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 97 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries 97 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 97 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 97 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 98 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties 98 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Environmental and Labor Matters 98 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws 99 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 99 
 i 

SECTION 3.09. Taxes 99 
 SECTION 3.10. ERISA 99 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 99 
 SECTION 3.12. Liens 99 
 SECTION 3.13. No Default 99 
 SECTION 3.14. No Burdensome Restrictions 100 
 SECTION 3.15. Solvency 100 
 SECTION 3.16. Insurance 100 
 SECTION 3.17. Security Interest in Collateral 100 
 SECTION 3.18. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 100 
 SECTION 3.19. Affected Financial Institutions 100 
 SECTION 3.20. Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions 100 
 SECTION 3.21. Margin Regulations 100 
 SECTION 3.22. Fraud and Abuse 101 
 SECTION 3.23. Licensing and Accreditation 101 
 SECTION 3.24. Reimbursement from Medical Reimbursement Programs 101 
 SECTION 3.25. Medicare and Medicaid Notices and Filings Related to Health Care Business 102 
 SECTION 3.26. Captive Insurance Subsidiaries 102 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 103 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 103 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 104 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 104 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 104 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 106 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 106 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Taxes 107 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance 107 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights 107 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 108 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds 108 
 SECTION 5.09. Subsidiary Guarantors Pledges Additional Collateral Further Assurances 109 
 SECTION 5.10. Maintenance of Ratings 110 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 111 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 111 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 114 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 117 
 SECTION 6.04. Dispositions 118 
 SECTION 6.05. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 120 
 SECTION 6.06. Reserved 123 
 SECTION 6.07. Transactions with Affiliates 123 
 SECTION 6.08. Restricted Payments 123 
 SECTION 6.09. Restrictive Agreements 126 
 SECTION 6.10. Prepayments of Restricted Junior Debt and Amendments to Restricted Junior Debt Documents 126 
 SECTION 6.11. Healthcare Permits Healthcare Fines 127 
 ii 

SECTION 6.12. Financial Covenants 127 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 129 
 SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 129 
 SECTION 7.02. Remedies Upon an Event of Default 131 
 SECTION 7.03. Application of Payments 133 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 134 
 SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 134 
 SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc 136 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 138 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 139 
 SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 139 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 140 
 SECTION 8.07. Collateral Matters. 142 
 SECTION 8.08. Credit Bidding 143 
 SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters 144 
 SECTION 8.10. Borrower Communications 145 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 146 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 146 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 147 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity, Etc 149 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 152 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 157 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 158 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 159 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 159 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 159 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 160 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings 161 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 161 
 SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act 162 
 SECTION 9.14. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors 162 
 SECTION 9.15. Appointment for Perfection 163 
 SECTION 9.16. Interest Rate Limitation 163 
 SECTION 9.17. No Fiduciary Duty, etc 163 
 SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 164 
 SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 165 
 SECTION 9.20. Judgment Currency 165 
 SECTION 9.21. Restrictions on Certain Amendments 166 
 ARTICLE X Borrower Guarantee 166 
 
 iii 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.01A Commitments Schedule 2.01B Letter of Credit Commitments Schedule 2.01C Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.01A Excluded WD Subsidiaries Schedule 3.01B Excluded Subsidiaries Schedule 3.01C Subsidiaries Schedule 3.06(a) Litigation Matters Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens Schedule 6.05 Existing Investments Schedule 6.07 Transactions with Affiliates Schedule 6.09 Restrictive Agreements EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B Reserved Exhibit C Reserved Exhibit D Reserved Exhibit E List of Closing Documents Exhibit F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) Exhibit F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) Exhibit G Reserved Exhibit H Reserved Exhibit I Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit J Auction Procedures 

iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of February 3, 2022 among MODIVCARE INC., the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, TRUIST BANK and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents, DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., REGIONS BANK, BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. and CAPITAL ONE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Documentation Agents. 
 The parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 2027 Alternative Currency Sublimit means 16,150,000. 
 2027 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any 2027 Revolving Lender, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s 2027 Revolving Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate 2027 Revolving Commitments of all 2027 Revolving Lenders (if the 2027 Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the 2027 Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the 2027 Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments) provided that, in the case of Section 2.21 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s 2027 Revolving Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculation. 
 2027 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the 2027 Maturity Date and the date of termination of the 2027 Revolving Commitments. 
 2027 Maturity Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Maturity Date . 
 2027 Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01A opposite such Revolving Lender s name under the heading 2027 Revolving Commitment , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Revolving Lender shall have assumed its 2027 Revolving Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (a) any reduction in such amount from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) any increase from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 provided that at no time shall the 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender exceed its 2027 Revolving Commitment. The aggregate amount of the 2027 Revolving Commitments as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date is 70,000,000. 
 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Lender s 2027 Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 2027 Revolving Facility means the revolving credit facility consisting of the 2027 Revolving Commitments and the 2027 Revolving Loans. 

2027 Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Revolving Lender that has a 2027 Revolving Commitment or, if the 2027 Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Revolving Lender with 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 2027 Revolving Loan means a Loan made by a 2027 Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a). 
 2028 Alternative Currency Sublimit means 58,850,000. 
 2028 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any 2028 Revolving Lender, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s 2028 Revolving Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate 2028 Revolving Commitments of all 2028 Revolving Lenders (if the 2028 Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the 2028 Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the 2028 Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments) provided that, in the case of Section 2.21 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s 2028 Revolving Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculation. 
 2028 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the 2028 Maturity Date and the date of termination of the 2028 Revolving Commitments. 
 2028 Maturity Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Maturity Date . 
 2028 Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01A opposite such Revolving Lender s name under the heading 2028 Revolving Commitment , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Revolving Lender shall have assumed its 2028 Revolving Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (a) any reduction in such amount from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) any increase from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 provided that at no time shall the 2028 Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender exceed its 2028 Revolving Commitment. The aggregate amount of the 2028 Revolving Commitments as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date is 255,000,000. 
 2028 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Lender s 2028 Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 2028 Revolving Facility means the revolving credit facility consisting of the 2028 Revolving Commitments and the 2028 Revolving Loans. 
 2028 Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Revolving Lender that has a 2028 Revolving Commitment or, if the 2028 Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Revolving Lender with 2028 Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 2028 Revolving Loan means a Loan made by a 2028 Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(b). 
 2 

ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 Accepting Lenders has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.22(a). 
 Acquisition means (i) any acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) or series of related acquisitions by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of (a) all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of) any Person or (b) all or a majority of the Equity Interests in a Person or division or line of business of a Person. 
 Acquisition Consideration means the sum of the cash purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition payable at or prior to the closing date of such Permitted Acquisition (and which shall not include any purchase price adjustment, earnout, contingent payment or any other deferred payment of a similar nature) plus the aggregate amount of Indebtedness assumed on such date in connection with such Permitted Acquisition, exclusive of all fees and expenses. 
 Additional Escrow Amount means an amount equal to (a) all interest that could accrue on any Escrow Notes from and including the date of issuance thereof to and including the date of any potential mandatory redemption to occur if the proceeds of such Escrow Notes are not released from the applicable Escrow Account, plus (b) the amount of any original issue discount on such Escrow Notes, plus (c) all fees and expenses that are incurred in connection with the issuance of such Escrow Notes and all fees, expenses or other amounts payable in connection with any redemption of such Escrow Notes. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling, plus (b) 0.0326 , and (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) other than with respect to any Term Loan Borrowing, 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) other than with respect to any Term Loan Borrowing, 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 3 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Jefferies LLC and its Affiliates shall be deemed to be Affiliates of Jefferies Finance LLC and its Affiliates. 
 Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(d). 
 Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro and (iii) Pounds Sterling. 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph. 
 All-In Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the effective yield applicable thereto calculated by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices, taking into account (a) interest rate margins, (b) interest rate floors (subject to the proviso set forth below), (c) any amendment to the relevant interest rate margins and interest rate floors prior to the applicable date of determination and (d) original issue discount and upfront or similar fees (based on an assumed four-year average life to maturity), but excluding any arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting, ticking, unused line, amendment and or other fee, in each case that are not paid to the lenders generally provided , however , that if any Indebtedness includes an interest rate floor that is greater than the interest rate floor applicable to any existing Term Loans, such differential between interest rate floors shall be included in the calculation of All-In Yield, but only to the extent an increase in the interest rate floor applicable to any Term Loans would cause an increase in the Applicable Rate then in effect thereunder, and in such case the interest rate floors (but not the Applicable Rate) applicable to such Term Loans shall be increased to the extent of such differential between interest rate floors. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Alternative Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 
 4 

Alternative Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of all outstanding Alternative Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent of all LC Disbursements in respect of Alternative Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 
 Alternative Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 Alternative Currency Sublimit means 75,000,000. 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 2 dated as of February 22, 2024, among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Amendment No. 3 means that certain Amendment No. 3 dated as of July 1, 2024, among the Loan Parties, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Amendment No. 3 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 3. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.06. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, (a) with respect to Revolving Loans, LC Exposure or Swingline Loans, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Revolving Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders (if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments) provided that, in the case of Section 2.21 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculation and (b) with respect to the Term Loans, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of all Term Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender s Applicable Percentage shall be determined without regard to whether such Lender s Revolving Commitment is a 2027 Revolving Commitment or a 2028 Revolving Commitment. 
 Applicable Pledge Percentage means 65 with respect to voting Equity Interests and 100 with respect to non-voting Equity Interests. 
 Applicable Rate means 
 (a) with respect to the Term Loans, a rate per annum equal to (i) 4.75 in the case of Term Benchmark Loans and (ii) 3.75 in the case of ABR Loans and 
 (b) with respect to the Revolving Loans, for any day, with respect to any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, RFR Revolving Loan or any ABR Revolving Loan or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below 
 5 

under the caption Term Benchmark Spread for Revolving Loans , ABR Spread for Revolving Loans , RFR Spread for Revolving Loans or Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Total Net Leverage Ratio applicable on such date, (i) with respect to any time the Covenant Relief Period is not in effect 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio 
 Term Benchmark Spread for Revolving Loans RFR Spread for Revolving Loans ABR Spread for Revolving Loans Commitment Fee 
 Rate 
 Category 1 
 2.25 to 1.00 1.75 1.75 0.75 0.30 Category 2 
 2.25 to 1.00 but 2.75 to 1.00 2.25 2.25 1.25 0.30 Category 3 
 2.75 to 1.00 but 
 3.25 to 1.00 
 2.75 2.75 1.75 0.35 Category 4 
 3.25 to 1.00 but 
 3.75 to 1.00 
 3.25 3.25 2.25 0.375 Category 5 3.75 to 1.00 3.50 3.50 2.50 0.50 
 
 (ii) and solely during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is in effect and the Restricted Period is in effect 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio 
 Term Benchmark Spread for Revolving Loans RFR Spread for Revolving Loans ABR Spread for Revolving Loans Commitment Fee 
 Rate 
 Category 1 2.25 to 1.00 2.50 2.50 1.50 0.30 Category 2 2.25 to 1.00 but 2.75 to 1.00 3.00 3.00 2.00 0.30 Category 3 2.75 to 1.00 but 
 3.25 to 1.00 
 3.50 3.50 2.50 0.35 Category 4 3.25 to 1.00 but 
 3.75 to 1.00 
 4.00 4.00 3.00 0.375 Category 5 3.75 to 1.00 4.25 4.25 3.25 0.50 
 (iii) and solely during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is in effect and the Restricted Period is not in effect 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio Term Benchmark Spread for Revolving Loans RFR Spread for Revolving Loans ABR Spread for Revolving Loans Commitment Fee 
 Rate 
 
 6 

Category 1 
 2.25 to 1.00 2.25 2.25 1.25 0.30 Category 2 
 2.25 to 1.00 but 2.75 to 1.00 2.75 2.75 1.75 0.30 Category 3 
 2.75 to 1.00 but 
 3.25 to 1.00 
 3.25 3.25 2.25 0.35 Category 4 
 3.25 to 1.00 but 
 3.75 to 1.00 
 3.75 3.75 2.75 0.375 Category 5 3.75 to 1.00 4.00 4.00 3.00 0.50 
 Each such table in (i) and , (ii and (iii ), an Applicable Rate Table . For purposes of the foregoing, 
 (A) if at any time the Borrower fails to deliver the Financials on or before the date the Financials are due pursuant to Section 5.01, Category 5 of the Applicable Rate Table then in effect shall be deemed applicable for the period commencing three (3) Business Days after the required date of delivery and ending on the date which is three (3) Business Days after the Financials are actually delivered, after which the Category shall be determined in accordance with the Applicable Rate Table as applicable 
 (B) changes, if any, to either the Category or the Applicable Rate Table then in effect shall be effective, with respect to a change to the Category, three (3) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has received the applicable Financials or, with respect to a change to the Applicable Rate Table, either (x) on the date the Covenant Relief Period ends in accordance with clause (i) of the definition of Covenant Relief Period , or (y) three (3) Business Days after the date the Covenant Relief Period ends in accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of Covenant Relief Period , as applicable (it being understood and agreed that each change in Category or Applicable Rate Table shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change) 
 (C) notwithstanding the foregoing, Category 5 of the Applicable Rate Table in clause (b)(i) of this definition of Applicable Rate shall be deemed to be applicable until the Administrative Agent s receipt of the applicable Financials for the Borrower s second full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date and adjustments to the Category then in effect shall thereafter be effected in accordance with the preceding paragraphs and 
 
 (D) notwithstanding the foregoing, Category 5 of the Applicable Rate Table in clause (b)(ii) of this definition of Applicable Rate shall be deemed to be applicable as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date until the earlier of (x) the Administrative Agent s receipt of the applicable Financials for the Borrower s full fiscal quarter ending after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date or (y) the Covenant Relief Period terminates, and adjustments to the Category then in effect shall thereafter be effected in accordance with the preceding paragraphs. 
 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be necessary for 
 7 

timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a). 
 Approved Borrower Portal has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.10(a). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Arranger means (a) in connection with this Agreement as of the Effective Date, each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in its capacity as a joint bookrunner and a joint lead arranger hereunder, (b) in connection with Amendment No. 3 as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in its capacity as a joint bookrunner and a joint lead arranger hereunder and (c) in connection with Amendment No. 3 as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, each of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Regions Capital Markets, a division of Regions Bank, and Capital One, National Association, as a joint lead arranger hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Auction shall mean an auction pursuant to which a Purchasing Borrower Party offers to purchase Term Loans pursuant to the Auction Procedures. 
 Auction Manager shall mean (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial institution or advisor employed by the Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Auction provided that, the Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Manager without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as the Auction Manager). 
 Auction Procedures means, with respect to a purchase of Term Loans in a Dutch auction, Dutch auction procedures as set forth on Exhibit J or as reasonably agreed upon by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Auction Purchase Offer shall mean an offer by a Purchasing Borrower Party to purchase Term Loans pursuant to an auction process conducted in accordance with the Auction Procedures and otherwise in accordance with Section 9.04(f). 
 Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (b) the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans and (ii) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower, in each case, as of such time. 
 Available Revolving Commitment means, at any time with respect to any Revolving Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender then in effect minus the Revolving Credit Exposure 
 8 

of such Revolving Lender at such time it being understood and agreed that any Revolving Lender s Swingline Exposure shall not be deemed to be a component of the Revolving Credit Exposure for purposes of calculating the commitment fee under Section 2.12(a). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy , as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any 
 9 

ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative 
 10 

Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that , at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a 
 11 

court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that , at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Borrower means ModivCare Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Borrower Communications means, collectively, any Borrowing Request, Interest Election Request, notice of prepayment, notice requesting the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal. 
 12 

Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Class, Type and Agreed Currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect provided that, until the 2027 Maturity Date, the 2027 Revolving Loans and the 2027 Revolving Loans and the 2028 Revolving Loans will be deemed to constitute a single Class for purposes of this clause (a), (b) a Term Loan of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (c) a Swingline Borrowing. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower. 
 Burdensome Restrictions means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.09. 
 Business Day means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City provided that (i) in relation to Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, (ii) in relation to Loans denominated in euro and in relation to the calculation or computation of the EURIBOR Rate, any day which is a TARGET Day, (iii) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day and (iv) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiaries means any regulated Subsidiary of the Borrower primarily engaged in the business of providing insurance, reinsurance and insurance-related services to the Borrower, its other Subsidiaries and other Persons, including, for the avoidance of doubt and to the extent it is, from time to time, a Subsidiary hereunder, NEMT Insurance DE LLC, Series 1. 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 
 Central Bank Rate means, the greater of (i)(A) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or 
 13 

any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (c) any other Alternative Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (ii) the Floor. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in 
 (a) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, 
 (b) euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, and 
 (c) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) each of the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month. 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 
 Change in Control means any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of 35 of the Equity Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully diluted basis. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or any Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and 
 14 

all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.16. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are 2027 Revolving Loans, 2028 Revolving Loans, Term Loans or Swingline Loans, and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a 2027 Revolving Commitment, a 2028 Revolving Commitment or a Term Loan Commitment, and, when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender is a 2027 Revolving Lender, a 2028 Revolving Lender or a Term Lender. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 CMS means the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services of HHS and any successor thereof and any predecessor thereof, including the United States Health Care Financing Administration. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be or become subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties, pursuant to the Collateral Documents to secure the Secured Obligations provided that the Collateral shall exclude Excluded Assets. 
 Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Mortgages and all other agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledges, assignments or similar agreements, whether heretofore, now, or hereafter executed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent to secure the Secured Obligations. 
 Commitment means, (a) the Revolving Commitments and the Term Loan Commitments and (b) with respect to each Lender, the sum of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and Term Loan Commitment. The amount of each Lender s Commitment as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01A , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable. 
 Commitment Fee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.12(a). 
 15 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 8.03, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures means for any period, without duplication, any expenditures during such period (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized as Capital Lease Obligations) for any purchase or other acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capital or finance lease) of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, or for additions to equipment or other such assets (including replacements, upgrades, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period). 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus , without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense for such period, (iv) all charges, fees, costs and expenses (including legal fees and including charges, fees, costs and expenses relating to rationalization, legal, tax, accounting, structuring and transaction bonuses to employees, officers and directors) incurred during such period in connection with (I) the entering into by the Loan Parties and their applicable Subsidiaries of the Loan Documents to which they are or are intended to be a party and (II) any proposed or actual issuance or incurrence of any other Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 (including for settlement of Convertible Indebtedness), (v) fees, costs, charges and expenses (including legal fees and including charges, fees, costs and expenses relating to rationalization, legal, tax, accounting, structuring and transaction bonuses to employees, officers and directors) incurred during such period in connection with any proposed or actual issuance of Equity Interests or any proposed or actual Permitted Acquisitions, Investments permitted by Section 6.05, Dispositions permitted by Section 6.03 or 6.04, or Involuntary Dispositions, (vi) (x) restructuring or reorganization charges or reserves, (y) severance costs and (z) losses recognized from the discontinuance of operations for such period provided that the aggregate amount added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (vi), when taken together with amounts added back pursuant to clause (xv), for any four fiscal quarter period shall not exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA in the aggregate (calculated after giving effect to such adjustments), (vii) losses and expenses incurred during such period in connection with claims for which the Borrower reasonably expects to be reimbursed, (viii) payments in settlements less collections, losses, fees, costs, charges and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred in connection with any disputes with dissident shareholders (including in connection with any Section 220 demands, proxy fights or consent solicitations), contract disputes, legal settlements, litigation or arbitration for such period, (ix) earnings impact, both positive and negative of subsequent measurement of acquisition contingencies arising from fair value accounting of such contingencies for such period, (ix) any non-cash stock based compensation expenses incurred during such period, (x) debt negotiation costs and subsequent audit and legal expenses if required by holders of any Indebtedness permitted hereunder for such period, (xi) restructuring, integration or similar charges incurred outside the ordinary course of 
 16 

business in connection with any Permitted Acquisition involving consideration in excess of 20,000,000 individually in an aggregate amount of up to 10 of the total consideration paid by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, (xii) all payments made under any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction to the extent permitted pursuant to this Agreement, (xiii) all other non-cash charges (including non-cash impairment charges), expenses (including non-cash option expenses) and other items reducing such Consolidated Net Income (but excluding those expenses, charges and losses related to accounts receivable) which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, (xiv) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges, costs and losses (including, without limitation, costs of and payments of legal proceedings, legal settlements, fines, judgments or orders and (xv) in connection with permitted asset sales, mergers or other business combinations, acquisitions, investments, dispositions or divestitures, operating improvements, restructurings, cost saving initiatives, new or renegotiated vendor or other expense-related contracts and certain other similar initiatives and specified transactions, the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and cost synergies either (i) projected by the Borrower in good faith to be reasonably anticipated to be realizable within twenty-four (24) months of the date thereof or (ii) determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Exchange Act and as interpreted by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor agency), in each case, which will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected or determined until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and cost synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and will be net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions provided that the aggregate amount added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (xv) for any four fiscal quarter period shall not exceed, when taken together with amounts added back in reliance on clause (vi), 25 of Consolidated EBITDA in the aggregate (calculated after giving effect to such adjustments), minus , to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, (1) litigation awards for such period, (2) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income, all as determined in accordance with GAAP, (3) all payments received under any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction to the extent permitted pursuant to this Agreement, (4) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring gains, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (each such period, a Reference Period ), (i) if at any time during such Reference Period the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have made any Material Disposition, the Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the property that is the subject of such Material Disposition for such Reference Period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Reference Period, and (ii) if during such Reference Period the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have effected a Specified Transaction, Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.04(b). 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of the date of any determination thereof, all Indebtedness, without duplication, of the types described in clause (a), (b), (e) (excluding all earn-out obligations and other similar contingent acquisition consideration, whether or not evidenced by a promissory note, unless such contingent acquisition consideration has been earned and is due and payable as of such date), (h), or (i) (solely to the extent, and in respect of amounts under, such letters of credit and letters of guaranty are drawn and payable as of such date) of the definition of Indebtedness in each case, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries outstanding on such date. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the interest expense (including without limitation (i) interest expense or rent expense under Capital Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) capitalized interest), premium payments and debt 
 17 

discount of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness, and with respect to the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under interest rate Swap Agreements to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP). In the event that the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have completed a Material Acquisition or a Material Disposition since the beginning of the relevant period, Consolidated Interest Expense shall be determined for such period on a pro forma basis as if such acquisition or disposition, and any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, had occurred at the beginning of such period. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis (without duplication) for such period provided that there shall be excluded any income (or loss) of any Person other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary, but any such income so excluded may be included in such period or any later period to the extent of any cash dividends or distributions actually paid in the relevant period to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Consolidated Secured Net Indebtedness means, at any time, the excess, if any, of (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness at such time that is secured by any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries over (ii) the lesser of (x) Unencumbered Cash and (y) 25,000,000, in each case as of such time. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, as of the date of any determination thereof, total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis as of such date. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of the date of any determination thereof, the sum, without duplication, of (a) the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries relating to the maximum drawing amount of all letters of credit outstanding and bankers acceptances and (c) Indebtedness of the type referred to in clauses (a) or (b) hereof of another Person guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness means, at any time, the excess, if any, of (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness over (ii) the lesser of (x) Unencumbered Cash and (y) 25,000,000, in each case as of such time. 
 Contract Provider means any Person or an employee, agent or subcontractor of such Person who provides professional health care services under or pursuant to any employment arrangement or contract with the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Convertible Indebtedness means unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement that is (a) convertible into Equity Interests of the Borrower (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such Equity Interests) or (b) sold as units with call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantially 
 18 

equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for Equity Interests of the Borrower and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such Equity Interests) provided that any such Indebtedness issued after the date hereof shall not have a maturity date, and shall not be redeemable in any manner whatsoever, at any time prior to the date that is six months after the Maturity Date. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Co-Documentation Agent means (a) in connection with this Agreement as of the Effective Date, each of Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Regions Bank, BMO HARRIS BANK N.A., and Capital One, National Association in its capacity as co-documentation agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement and (b) in connection with Amendment No. 3 as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, each of KeyBank National Association, Jefferies Finance LLC and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in its capacity as co-documentation agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 Co-Syndication Agent means (a) in connection with this Agreement as of the Effective Date, each of Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its capacity as co-syndication agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement and (b) in connection with Amendment No. 3 as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, each of Truist Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Regions Bank and Capital One, National Association in its capacity as co- syndication agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 Covenant Relief Period means the period commencing on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) April 1, 2026 and (ii) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate notifying the Administrative Agent of the Borrower s election to terminate the Covenant Relief Period so long as, as of such date, the Liquidity is in excess of 100,000,000 and the Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the foregoing. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to the aggregate an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of its Term Loans outstanding at such time. 
 19 

Credit Facility means (a) the 2027 Revolving Facility, (b) the 2028 Revolving Facility, (c) the Term Loan Facility or (d) any other credit facility created hereunder, as the context may require. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Pounds Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (ii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day, the SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction and any issuance of Equity 
 20 

Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person but excluding any issuance by any Loan Party or any such Subsidiary of its own Equity Interests), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding (a) any Involuntary Disposition and (b) any surrender, termination, expiration or waiver of contracts or contract rights, or settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or other claims in the ordinary course of business. 
 Disqualified Equity means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Equity and or cash in lieu of fractional shares), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change in control or asset sale so long as any right of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change in control or asset sale event shall be subject to the occurrence of the repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable, the cancellation or expiration of all Letters of Credit and the termination or expiration of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity and or cash in lieu of fractional shares), in whole or in part (except as a result of a change in control or asset sale so long as any right of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change in control or asset sale event shall be subject to the occurrence of the repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable, the cancellation or expiration of all Letters of Credit and the termination or expiration of the Commitments), (c) requires the payment of any cash dividend or any other scheduled cash payment constituting a return of capital or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity, in the case of each of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the latest Maturity Date provided that if such Equity Interests are issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations. 
 Disqualified Institution means (a) Persons that are specifically identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (b) any Person that is reasonably determined by the Borrower after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date to be a competitor (directly or through a controlled subsidiary or portfolio company) of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and which is specifically identified by the Borrower, from time to time, in a written supplement to the list of Disqualified Institutions , which supplement shall become effective three (3) Business Days after delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in accordance with Section 9.01 and (c) in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), any of such entities Affiliates to the extent such Affiliates (x) are (i) clearly identifiable as Affiliates of such Persons based solely on the similarity of such Affiliates and such Persons names or (ii) identified in writing by the Borrower, from time to time, in a written supplement to the list of Disqualified Institutions , which supplement shall become effective three (3) Business Days after delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent and (y) are not bona fide debt investment funds (except to the extent separately identified under clause (a) or (b) above). It is understood and agreed that (i) any supplement to the list of Persons that are Disqualified Institutions contemplated by the foregoing clause (b) shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any Persons that have previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in the Loans (but solely with respect to such Loans), (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility or liability to determine or monitor whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution, (iii) the Borrower s 
 21 

failure to deliver such list (or supplement thereto) in accordance with Section 9.01 shall render such list (or supplement) not received and not effective and (iv) Disqualified Institution shall exclude any Person that the Borrower has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with Section 9.01. 
 Dollar Equivalent of any amount of any currency means, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Alternative Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Foreign Holding Company mean any Domestic Subsidiary that owns no material assets (directly or through one or more disregarded entities) other than capital stock (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of one or more foreign subsidiaries that are CFCs. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America. 
 DQ List has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e)(iv). 
 ECF Percentage has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(d). 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and or the SEC. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 22 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means February 3, 2022. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, or injunctions issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to pollution or protection of the environment or natural resources, or release of any Hazardous Material into the environment. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, or (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other similar rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived) (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a 
 23 

Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Escrow Account means a deposit or securities account at a financial institution selected by the Borrower (any such institution, an Escrow Agent into which any Escrow Funds are deposited. 
 Escrow Account Documents means the agreement(s) governing an Escrow Account and any other documents entered into in order to provide the applicable Escrow Agent (or its designee) Liens on the related Escrow Funds. 
 Escrow Agent has the meaning set forth in the definition of the term Escrow Account . 
 Escrow Funds means the sum of (a) the proceeds of any Escrow Notes, plus (b) the related Additional Escrow Amount, plus (c) so long as they are retained in an Escrow Account, any income, proceeds or products of the foregoing. 
 Escrow Issuer means any Subsidiary of the Borrower established for the purpose of, and having no business activities other than, issuing Escrow Notes, receiving and holding the proceeds thereof (and any Additional Escrow Amount) in the Escrow Account, performing its obligations under the Escrow Notes Documents (including, if necessary, redeeming the Escrow Notes), and activities reasonably related thereto. 
 Escrow Notes means debt securities of the Borrower or an Escrow Issuer provided that the net proceeds of such debt securities are deposited into an Escrow Account upon the issuance thereof. 
 Escrow Notes Documents mean the Escrow Notes Indentures, the Escrow Account Documents and any other documents entered into by the Borrower (and or an Escrow Issuer, if applicable) in connection with any Escrow Notes. 
 Escrow Notes Indentures means the indenture(s) pursuant to which any Escrow Notes shall be issued. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 euro and or means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters as published at approximately 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be 
 24 

available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 
 Excess Cash Flow means, for any fiscal year of the Borrower, an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the sum, without duplication, of (i) Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year, (ii) the amount of all non-cash charges (including depreciation and amortization) deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, (iii) decreases in Working Capital as of the end of such fiscal year compared to Working Capital as of the end of the previous fiscal year, and (iv) the aggregate net amount of non-cash loss on the disposition of property by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business), to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income minus (b) the sum, without duplication, of (i) the amount of all non-cash credits, gains and add-backs included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, (ii) the aggregate amount actually paid by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in cash during such fiscal year or, at the option of the Borrower, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such fiscal year, on account of Consolidated Capital Expenditures (excluding the principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in connection with such expenditures and, to the extent such dispositions did not result in a decrease in Consolidated Net Income, any such expenditures financed with the proceeds of asset dispositions that have not yet been used to pay down the Loans), (iii) the aggregate principal amount of all optional prepayments and redemptions of Indebtedness (other than any optional prepayment of (A) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents that is deducted from the amount of any Excess Cash Flow payment in accordance with Section 2.11(d) or (B) revolving Indebtedness except to the extent any related commitment is permanently reduced in connection with such repayment) during such fiscal year, (iv) the aggregate principal amount of all mandatory prepayments and redemptions (including any mandatory prepayments made under Section 2.11(c) with the Net Proceeds of any Matrix Disposition or any Prepayment Event to the extent such Net Proceeds increased Excess Cash Flow) and scheduled repayments of Indebtedness during such period, (v) increases in Working Capital as of the end of such fiscal year compared to Working Capital as of the end of the previous fiscal year, (vi) the aggregate net amount of non-cash gain on the disposition of property by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business), to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, (viii) the aggregate amount of cash paid during such fiscal year or, at the option of the Borrower, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such fiscal year, for Acquisitions, other Investments (other than Investments in (A) cash and Permitted Investments and (B) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates), or Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates), (ix) the aggregate amount of other cash expenditures during such fiscal year or, at the option of the Borrower, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such fiscal year, in each case, that are not expensed, (x) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in respect of a prior period, at the option of the Borrower, the aggregate consideration (1) required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts entered into prior to or during such period relating to Consolidated Capital Expenditures, Acquisitions, Investments and or Restricted Payments and or (2) otherwise committed or budgeted to be made in connection with Consolidated Capital Expenditures, Acquisitions, Investments and or Restricted Payments (clauses (1) and (2), the Scheduled Consideration (other than (x) Investments in (A) cash and Permitted Investments and (B) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates and (y) Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) to be consummated or made during the fiscal year following such fiscal year provided , that to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such Consolidated Capital Expenditures, Acquisitions, Investments and or Restricted Payments during such 
 25 

following fiscal year is less than the Scheduled Consideration, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such following fiscal year, and (xi) the amount of Net Proceeds received by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of (x) any Matrix Disposition to the extent that such Net Proceeds are not required to be utilized for a prepayment of the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.11(c)(i) or (y) any Prepayment Event to the extent that such Net Proceeds are not yet required to be utilized for a prepayment of the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.11(c)(ii) because the Borrower has delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Section 2.11(c)(ii) stating its intention to apply such Net Proceeds to acquire assets to be used in the business of the Borrower and or its Subsidiaries. 
 Excluded Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Assets means (1) any Excluded Real Property, (2) any intent-to-use application for registration of a trademark filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 1051, prior to the filing of a Statement of Use pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act of an Amendment to Allege Use pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Lanham Act with respect thereto, solely to the extent, if any, that and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law, (3) assets in respect of which pledges and security interests (x) are prohibited or restricted by (A) any law or regulation or (B) any contractual obligation (including any requirement to obtain the consent of any third party) (other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary)) that, in the case of this clause (B), exists on the Effective Date or at the time the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor and was not incurred in contemplation of its becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor (including pursuant to assumed Indebtedness so long as such Indebtedness is permitted to be assumed under this Agreement), in each case other than to the extent that such prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law) provided that, immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such prohibitions, such assets shall automatically cease to constitute Excluded Assets or (y) would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to provide the lien that is required on the Effective Date or at the time the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor, unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained, (4) Equity Interests in any entity other than Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries to the extent pledges thereof are not permitted by such entity s organizational or joint venture documents (unless any such restriction would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law), (5) assets subject to certificates of title (other than motor vehicles subject to certificates of title provided that perfection of security interests in such motor vehicles shall be limited to the filing of UCC financing statements), letter of credit rights (other than to the extent the security interest in such letter of credit right may be perfected by the filing of UCC financing statements) with an individual value of less than 2,000,000 and commercial tort claims with an individual value of less than 2,000,000, (6) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a purchase money security interest or similar arrangement to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor) (other than (x) proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC notwithstanding such prohibition, (y) to the extent that any such term has been waived or (z) to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law) provided that, immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such term, such assets shall 
 26 

automatically cease to constitute Excluded Assets, (7) trust, payroll and tax withholding accounts, custodial accounts, escrow accounts and other similar deposit or securities accounts (including any Excluded Accounts), (8) foreign assets (other than pledges of Equity Interests in Material Foreign Subsidiaries not in excess of the Applicable Pledge Percentage), (9) Equity Interests in Domestic Foreign Holding Companies and Material Foreign Subsidiaries that are First Tier Foreign Subsidiaries and CFCs, in each case, in excess of the Applicable Pledge Percentage (10) the Equity Interests of (i) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) the Mercury Joint Venture and (iii) any Excluded WD Subsidiary (11) Escrow Funds subject to a Lien in favor of any Escrow Agent (12) any property which, subject to the terms of Section 6.09, is subject to a Lien of the type described in Section 6.02(e) pursuant to documents which prohibit such Loan Party from granting any other Liens in such property and (13) those assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof outweighs, or are excessive in relation to, the practical benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of Excluded Assets (unless such proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Assets). 
 Excluded Real Property any fee-owned real property having a fair market value (together with improvements thereof) of less than 2,500,000, as determined in good faith by the Borrower, and any leasehold interests in real property. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Domestic Foreign Holding Company, (b) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Domestic Foreign Holding Company or a CFC, (c) any Domestic Subsidiary (i) that is prohibited or restricted from Guaranteeing the Secured Obligations by (A) any law or regulation or (B) any contractual obligation (including any requirement to obtain the consent of any third party (other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary)) that, in the case of this clause (B), exists on the Effective Date or at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary and was not incurred in contemplation of its becoming a Subsidiary (including pursuant to assumed Indebtedness, so long as such Indebtedness is permitted to be assumed under this Agreement), (ii) that would require a governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization in order to provide a Guarantee of the Secured Obligations that is required on the Effective Date or at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary, unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained or (iii) where the provision of a Guarantee by such Subsidiary of the Secured Obligations would result in adverse tax consequences to the Borrower and or its direct or indirect Subsidiaries as determined in good faith by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (d) any Foreign Subsidiary, (e) those Domestic Subsidiaries as to which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of obtaining a Guarantee of the Secured Obligations from such Subsidiary outweighs, or are excessive in relation to, the practical benefit to the Lenders of the Guarantee to be afforded thereby, (f) subject to Section 9.14(a), any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, (g) any Excluded WD Subsidiary, (h) any Escrow Issuer, (i) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (j) any Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Material Domestic Subsidiary, and (k) any Subsidiary listed on Schedule 3.01B. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such 
 27 

Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Excluded WD Assets means the Equity Interests of the Excluded WD Subsidiaries and all of the respective assets and property of each of the Excluded WD Subsidiaries (whether now owned or hereafter formed or acquired). 
 Excluded WD Subsidiaries means the entities listed on Schedule 3.01A, any Subsidiary of an entity listed on Schedule 3.01A and any other Subsidiary that has no material assets other than Excluded WD Assets. 
 Exclusion Event means an event or events resulting in the exclusion of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of the Facilities from participation in any Medical Reimbursement Program and which is reasonably likely to result in a loss of 10 or more of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or Consolidated EBITDA during the 12-month period succeeding such event or events. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit more particularly described on Schedule 2.01C as of the Effective Date. 
 Facilities means, at any time, a collective reference to the facilities and real properties owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as 
 28 

shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Final Release Conditions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14(c). 
 Financial Covenants means the covenants set forth in Section 6.12(a) and (b) of this Agreement. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower or any other Person designated as a Financial Officer by any of the foregoing officers in writing to the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b). 
 First Tier Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which any one or more of the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries directly owns or Controls more than 50 of such Foreign Subsidiary s issued and outstanding Equity Interests. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate shall be zero. 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, any supranational bodies (such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness 
 29 

of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the stated or determinable amount of the primary payment obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (b) the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, unless such primary payment obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of the Guarantee shall be such guaranteeing Person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes, in each case, regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Healthcare Laws means all federal and state laws applicable to the business of Borrower regulating the provision of and payment for healthcare services, including HIPAA, Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b (Criminal Penalties Involving Medicare or State Health Care Programs), commonly referred to as the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, and Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn (Prohibition Against Certain Referrals), commonly referred to as Stark Statute, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the Medicare Regulations and the Medicaid Regulations. 
 Healthcare Permit means a Governmental Approval required under Healthcare Laws applicable to the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or necessary in the sale, furnishing, or delivery of goods or services under Healthcare Laws applicable to the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 HHS means the United States Department of Health and Human Services and any successor thereof. 
 HIPAA means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-191, Aug. 21, 1996, 110 Stat. 1936 
 Incremental Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (the scope of such satisfaction being solely for purposes of giving effect to Section 2.20) and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Facilities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 30 

Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity, (d) the principal portion of all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business), (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (x) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, (y) any earn-out, deferred or similar obligations until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid after becoming due and payable and (z) expenses accrued in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed provided, that, if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable in respect of such Indebtedness, such obligations shall be deemed to be in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of such property at the time of determination (in the Borrower s good faith estimate), (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty (other than letters of credit issued to support the contractual obligations of the Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, so long as such letters of credit are fully secured by cash of such Captive Insurance Subsidiaries), (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, and (k) all obligations of such Person under Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of Indebtedness (including any Guarantees constituting Indebtedness) for which recourse is limited either to a specified amount or to an identified asset of such Person shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (x) such specified amount and (y) the fair market value of such identified asset as determined by such Person in good faith. Only the principal amount of Convertible Indebtedness shall be considered Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition, the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue, (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the respective seller, (iii) obligations under Sale and Leaseback Transactions to the extent such obligations are not reflected as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower or (iv) the Swap Termination Value of any Swap Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Permitted Warrant Transactions shall not constitute Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Escrow Notes, and all related Escrow Funds, shall not constitute Indebtedness, and shall be disregarded for purposes of calculation of Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Total Net Leverage Ratio and Secured Net Leverage Ratio (other than in connection with calculations under the definition of Permitted Junior Debt) until such Escrow Funds are released from the Escrow Account for the benefit of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, so long as (i) such Escrow Funds remain in an Escrow Account and (ii) the release of the proceeds thereof to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is contingent upon the consummation of the relevant Permitted Acquisition or other Investment (and, if the Escrow Notes Indenture is terminated prior to the consummation of the relevant Permitted Acquisition or Investment or if the relevant Permitted 
 31 

Acquisition or Investment is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be promptly applied to satisfy and discharge all obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of such Indebtedness). 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(c). 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12. 
 Information Memorandum means (a) the Confidential Information Memorandum dated December 2021 and (b) the Lender Presentation dated June 10, 2024, in each case, relating to the Borrower and the Transactions. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months (or, if acceptable to all Lenders, twelve months) thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the Borrower may elect provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 32 

Investment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05. The outstanding amount of an Investment shall be reduced by dividends, distributions, repayments, repurchases, sale consideration or any other payments received in cash or Permitted Investments in respect of such Investment. 
 Involuntary Disposition means any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means, individually and collectively, each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank, each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i) provided that Bank of America, N.A. shall be deemed to be an Issuing Bank with respect to certain of the Existing Letters of Credit where it is listed as the Issuing Bank on Schedule 2.01C. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto, and, further, references herein to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to each of the Issuing Banks or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the context requires. 
 Joint Venture means any Person of whom at least 1 but not more than 50 of the shares of its voting stock is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the management of which is controlled by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Revolving Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the applicable Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 
 33 

Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01A and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b). 
 Letter of Credit Commitments means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01B , or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Licensed Entity has the meaning specified in the definition of Transition Period. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Limited Condition Acquisition means any Permitted Acquisition or Acquisition permitted hereunder by the Borrower or any Subsidiary the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of third party debt financing. 
 Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Availability at such time, plus (b) as of such date, the aggregate amount of unrestricted Unencumbered Cash held in deposit accounts or securities accounts in the United States, in each case, as of such date of determination. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement (including schedules and exhibits hereto), any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any Letter of Credit applications, any Letter of Credit Agreement, the Collateral Documents, the Subsidiary Guaranty, any fee letters, and any other agreements, contracts or other documents relating to Specified Ancillary Obligations or entered into in connection with the commercial lending facility made available hereunder by the Borrower or any other Loan Party with or in favor of the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 34 

Loan Modification Agreement means a Loan Modification Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and one or more Accepting Lenders, effecting one or more Permitted Amendments and such other amendments hereto and to the other Loan Documents as are contemplated by Section 2.22. 
 Loan Modification Offer has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.22 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Long-Term Debt means any Indebtedness that, in accordance with GAAP, constitutes (or, when incurred, constituted) a long-term liability. 
 Managed Entities means any Person for which the Borrower or its Affiliates provides or intends to provide management or administrative services, excluding each of the Excluded Subsidiaries (other than Captive Insurance Subsidiaries). 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower or the Subsidiary Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform its or their respective payment obligations under this Agreement or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any and all other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder. 
 Material Domestic Subsidiary means each Domestic Subsidiary (i) which, as of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), contributed greater than two and one half percent (2.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period or (ii) which contributed greater than two and one half percent (2.5 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of any such fiscal quarter provided that, if at any time the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets attributable to all Domestic Subsidiaries that are not Material Domestic Subsidiaries exceeds five percent (5 of Consolidated EBITDA for any such period or five percent (5 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of any such fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall (or, in the event the Borrower has failed to do so within fifteen (15) Business Days, the Administrative Agent may) designate sufficient Domestic Subsidiaries as Material Domestic Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Domestic Subsidiaries. At any time, Borrower may designate any Domestic Subsidiary as a Material Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Material Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary (i) which, as of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), contributed greater than five percent (5 of 
 35 

Consolidated EBITDA for such period or (ii) which contributed greater than five percent (5 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of any such fiscal quarter. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 40,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Subsidiary means a Material Domestic Subsidiary or a Material Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Matrix Disposition means any Disposition of the Loan Parties interest in the Mercury Joint Venture (including by or through the Disposition of the Loan Parties interest in Prometheus or by the Disposition by Prometheus of its interest in the Mercury Joint Venture). 
 Maturity Date means (i) with respect to the 2027 Revolving Loans and 2027 Revolving Commitments, February 3, 2027 (the 2027 Maturity Date (or with respect to a 2027 Revolving Lender that has extended the maturity date of its 2027 Revolving Commitment pursuant to Section 2.22, the extended maturity date set forth in the applicable Loan Modification Agreement), (ii) with respect to the 2028 Revolving Loans and 2028 Revolving Commitments, February 3, 2028 (the 2028 Maturity Date (or with respect to a 2028 Revolving Lender that has extended the maturity date of its Revolving Commitment pursuant to Section 2.22, the extended maturity date set forth in the applicable Loan Modification Agreement) and (iii) with respect to the Term Loans, the earlier of (x) July 1, 2031 and (y) July 2, 2029 if as of such date, any of the Borrower s 5 senior notes due 2029 then remain outstanding (or, in each case under this clause (iii), with respect to a Term Lender that has extended the maturity date of its Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22, the extended maturity date set forth in the applicable Loan Modification Agreement) provided , however , in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 Maximum Expansion Amount means the sum of, as of any date of determination, 
 (a) 75,000,000, plus 
 (b) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (b), after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 2.70 to 1.00, calculated on a pro forma basis, including the application of the proceeds thereof (but without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility), and in the case of any increase in the Commitments then being incurred or established, assuming a full drawing of the incremental amount of such increased Commitments 
 provided that 
 (i) any Incremental Facility may be incurred under one or more of clauses (a) through (b) of this definition as selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion 
 (ii) if any Incremental Facility is intended to be incurred or implemented in reliance on clause (b) of this definition and any other clause of this definition in a single transaction or 
 36 

series of related transactions, (A) the permissibility of the portion of such Incremental Facility to be incurred or implemented under clause (b) of this definition shall be calculated first without giving effect to any Incremental Facility to be incurred or implemented in reliance on any other clause of this definition, but giving full pro forma effect to the use of proceeds of the entire amount of the loans and commitments that will be incurred or implemented at such time in reliance on such Incremental Facility and the related transactions and (B) the permissibility of the portion of such Incremental Facility to be incurred or implemented under the other applicable clauses of this definition shall be calculated thereafter and 
 (iii) any portion of any Incremental Facilities initially incurred or implemented in reliance on clause (a) will, at the Borrower s election, be reclassified after the incurrence or implementation of such Incremental Facilities as having been incurred in reliance on clause (b) if the applicable leverage ratio test under clause (b) is satisfied on a pro forma basis at such time. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.16. 
 Medicaid means that government-sponsored entitlement program under Title XIX, P.L. 89-97 of the Social Security Act, which provides federal grants to states for medical assistance based on specific eligibility criteria, as set forth on Section 1396, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto. 
 Medicaid Provider Agreement means an agreement entered into between a state agency or other such entity administering the Medicaid program and a health care provider or supplier under which the health care provider or supplier agrees to provide items and services for Medicaid patients in accordance with the terms of the agreement and Medicaid Regulations. 
 Medicaid Regulations means, collectively, (i) all federal statutes (whether set forth in Title XIX of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) affecting the medical assistance program established by Title XIX of the Social Security Act and any statutes succeeding thereto (ii) all applicable provisions of all federal rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all Governmental Authorities promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (i) above and all federal administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of all Governmental Authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (i) above (iii) all state statutes and plans for medical assistance enacted in connection with the statutes and provisions described in clauses (i) and (ii) above and (iv) all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all Governmental Authorities promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (iii) above and all state administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of all Governmental Authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (iii) above, in each case as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Medical Reimbursement Programs means a collective reference to Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE and any other health care program operated by or financed in whole or in part by any foreign or domestic federal, state or local government and any other non-government funded third party payor programs. 
 Medicare means that government-sponsored insurance program under Title XVIII, P.L. 89-97, of the Social Security Act, which provides for a health insurance system for eligible elderly and 
 37 

disabled individuals, as set forth at Section 1395, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto. 
 Medicare Provider Agreement means an agreement entered into between CMS or other such entity administering the Medicare program on behalf of CMS, and a health care provider or supplier under which the health care provider or supplier agrees to provide items and services for Medicare patients in accordance with the terms of the agreement and Medicare Regulations. 
 Medicare Regulations means, collectively, all federal statutes (whether set forth in Title XVIII of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) affecting the health insurance program for the aged and disabled established by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act and any statutes succeeding thereto together with all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals and orders and administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines having the force of law of all Governmental Authorities (including CMS, the OIG, HHS, or any person succeeding to the functions of any of the foregoing) promulgated pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing having the force of law, as each may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Mercury Joint Venture means any limited liability company that owns 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of CCHN Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgage means each mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, on real property of a Loan Party, including any amendment, restatement, modification or supplement thereto. 
 Mortgage Instruments means such title reports, ALTA title insurance policies (with endorsements), evidence of zoning compliance, property insurance, flood certifications and flood insurance (and, if applicable FEMA form acknowledgements of insurance), opinions of counsel, ALTA surveys, appraisals, environmental assessments and reports, mortgage tax affidavits and declarations and other similar information and related certifications as are requested by, and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent from time to time. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Net Proceeds means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds received (including, in the case of cash proceeds initially escrowed, such cash proceeds when released from such escrow and received) in respect of such event including (i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, net of (b) the sum of (i) all actual fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a Sale and Leaseback Transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans and Permitted Junior Debt) secured by such asset or otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment or that otherwise comes due or would be in default under the terms thereof as a result of such event and (iii) 
 38 

the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer). 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(e). 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, in each case, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 OIG means the Office of Inspector General of HHS and any successor thereof. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 39 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition if, at the time of and immediately after giving effect thereto, (a) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto, (b) the business of the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired or the division or line of business being acquired or relating to the assets acquired would be permitted under Section 6.03(b), (c) all actions required to be taken with respect to such acquired or newly formed Subsidiary under Section 5.09 on or prior to such time shall have been taken, (d) the Borrower and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with Financial Covenants immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition in accordance with the provisions set forth in Section 1.04(b) and (e) the aggregate consideration paid in respect of any such acquisition of a Person that does not become a Loan Party or of assets which are not and do not become owned by a Loan Party or which do not constitute Collateral, when taken together with the aggregate consideration paid in respect of all other similar such acquisitions, does not exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Permitted Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, effected in connection with a Loan Modification Offer pursuant to Section 2.22, providing for an extension of the Maturity Date applicable to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders and, in connection therewith, (a) any changes in the interest rates with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders, (b) any changes in the fees payable to, or the inclusion of new fees to be payable to, the Accepting Lenders, (c) such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as shall be appropriate, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, to provide the rights and benefits of this Agreement and other Loan Documents to each new Class of loans and or 
 40 

commitments resulting therefrom and (d) additional amendments to the terms of this Agreement applicable to the applicable Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders that are not materially more restrictive (when taken as a whole) on the Borrower than the existing applicable Credit Facilities (except for terms (x) applicable only to periods after the latest Maturity Date or (y) that are concomitantly added for the benefit of the existing applicable Credit Facilities) and to the extent such amendments are not consistent with the foregoing, such amendments shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call option or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on common stock of the Borrower purchased by the Borrower in connection with the issuance of any Convertible Indebtedness provided that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Borrower from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Borrower from the sale of such Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that have not yet been paid (to the extent such non-payment does not violate Section 5.04) or that are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 and Liens for unpaid utility charges 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s, supplier s and other like Liens imposed by law, or arising out of reservations or retentions of title, conditional sale, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than sixty (60) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (c) (i) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security or retirement benefits laws, to secure liability to insurance carriers under insurance of self-insurance arrangements or regulations or employment laws or to secure other public, statutory or regulatory regulations and (ii) Liens to secure letters of credit or bank guarantees supporting any of the foregoing 
 (d) (i) pledges and deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, government contracts, leases, statutory obligations, customer deposit and advances, surety, customs and appeal bonds, performance and completion bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) Liens to secure letters of credit or bank guarantees supporting any of the foregoing 
 (e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k) or Liens securing appeal or surety bonds related to such judgments 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar charges or encumbrances on, and minor title deficiencies affecting, real property, in each case do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 41 

(g) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted (i) to others not adversely interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as conducted at the time granted, taken as a whole and (ii) between or among any of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries 
 (h) Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of law or in the ordinary course of business under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions 
 (i) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods (other than fixed or capital assets) and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business so long as such Liens only cover the related goods 
 (k) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (l) any interest or title of a landlord, lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate or any Lien affecting solely the interest of the landlord, lessor or sublessor 
 (m) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements or similar filings relating to operating leases of personal property entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) any interest or title of a licensor or sublicensor under any license or sublicense entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary as a licensee or sublicensee (i) existing on the Effective Date or (ii) in the ordinary course of its business and 
 (o) with respect to any real property, immaterial title defects or irregularities that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the use of such real property 
 provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness (other than the letters of credit permitted under the foregoing clauses (c)(ii) or (d)(ii)). 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 42 

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from S&P or from Moody s 
 (c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time or demand deposits maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above at the date of such acquisition 
 (e) money market funds that, at such date of acquisition) (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, and (ii) which are administered by reputable financial institutions that have portfolio assets of at least 500,000,000, substantially all of whose assets are invested in Permitted Investments of the character described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d) 
 (f) investments of any Foreign Subsidiary that are analogous to the foregoing, are of comparable credit quality and are customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes and 
 (g) any other investments permitted by the Borrower s investment policy as such policy is in effect, and as disclosed to the Administrative Agent, prior to the Effective Date and as such policy may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
 Permitted Junior Debt means (i) (x) subordinated Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor and (y) senior unsecured Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor (other than any Liens granted on Escrow Funds in favor of any Escrow Agent under Section 6.02(x)), provided , that in the case of each of clauses (i)(x) and (y), (1) other with respect to any bridge financing converting to, or intended to be refinanced by, Indebtedness complying with this clause (1), the terms of such Indebtedness do not provide for a final maturity date, scheduled amortization or any other scheduled repayment, scheduled mandatory redemption or scheduled sinking fund obligation prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date (provided that the terms of such Permitted Junior Debt may require the payment of interest from time to time), (2) the terms of such Indebtedness do not contain covenants and events of default that, taken as a whole, are more restrictive than the covenants and Events of Default set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, (3) the terms of such Indebtedness provide for covenants and events of default customary for Indebtedness of a similar nature as such Permitted Junior Debt, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, (4) subject to Section 1.10, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, and (5) subject to Section 1.10, the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent demonstrating that the Total Net Leverage Ratio, determined on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness (assuming for such calculation that such Indebtedness is fully drawn and excluding the proceeds of such Indebtedness), is not in excess of 5.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently 
 43 

ended Test Period and (ii) Escrow Notes, provided that (1) subject to Section 1.10, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, (2) subject to Section 1.10, the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent demonstrating that the Total Net Leverage Ratio, determined on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness (assuming for such calculation that such Indebtedness is fully drawn and excluding the proceeds of such Indebtedness), is not in excess of 5.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (3) upon release of such Escrow Notes from the Escrow Account, (x) the terms of such Indebtedness do not provide for a final maturity date, scheduled amortization or any other scheduled repayment, scheduled mandatory redemption or scheduled sinking fund obligation prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date (provided that the terms of such Permitted Junior Debt may require the payment of interest from time to time), (y) the terms of such Indebtedness do not contain covenants and events of default that, taken as a whole, are more restrictive than the covenants and Events of Default set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, (z) the terms of such Indebtedness provide for covenants and events of default customary for Indebtedness of a similar nature as such Permitted Junior Debt, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower. 
 Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, Indebtedness issued or incurred (including by means of the extension, renewal, exchange or replacement of existing Indebtedness permitted hereunder) to refinance, refund, extend, renew, exchange or replace existing Indebtedness permitted hereunder Refinanced Indebtedness provided, that (a) such Indebtedness is not greater than the principal amount of such Refinanced Indebtedness plus the amount of any premiums or penalties and accrued and unpaid interest paid thereon and any fees, expenses, committed or undrawn amounts, underwriting discounts and commissions and original issue discounts, in each case associated with such refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal, exchange or replacement, (b) such refinancing, refunding, extending, renewing or replacing Indebtedness has a final maturity that is no sooner than, and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is no shorter than, such Refinanced Indebtedness, (c) if such Refinanced Indebtedness or any Guarantees thereof are subordinated to the Secured Obligations, such refinancing, refunding, extending, renewing, exchanging or replacing Indebtedness and any Guarantees thereof remain so subordinated on terms, taken as a whole, not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (as reasonably determined by the board of directors of the Borrower) and (d) such Indebtedness is on terms and conditions taken as a whole not materially more adverse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than the terms of the Refinanced Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on common stock of the Borrower sold by the Borrower substantially concurrently with any purchase by the Borrower of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that Convertible Indebtedness shall not be a Permitted Warrant Transaction). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 44 

Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Pledge Subsidiary means (i) each Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) each First Tier Foreign Subsidiary which is a Material Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Preferred Stock means Equity Interests of the Borrower with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up provided that such Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable at any time prior to the date that is six months after the Maturity Date (it being understood that any conversion of Preferred Stock into common Equity Interests shall not constitute a redemption) and the other terms of such Preferred Stock are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The amount of any Preferred Stock outstanding as of any date will be the liquidation value thereof, excluding accrued or accreted dividends, if any. 
 Prepayment Event means 
 (a) any sale, transfer or other disposition (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction) of any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than, in each case, any Matrix Disposition) (i) pursuant to Sections 6.04(f), 6.04(h) (solely to the extent of any Term Loan proceeds applied to finance the applicable Permitted Acquisition), 6.04(j), 6.04(k), 6.04(l), 6.04(n) or 6.04(o) or (ii) not permitted by this Agreement or 
 (b) any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than, in each case, any Matrix Disposition) or 
 (c) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness (other than Loans), other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 or permitted by the Required Lenders pursuant to Section 9.02. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
 Prometheus means Prometheus Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Purchasing Borrower Party means the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes an Assignee pursuant to Section 9.04(f). 
 45 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Records Transactions means any transaction or series of transactions to acquire intellectual property, licenses, hardware, software or otherwise, whether such transactions take the form of purchases, investments, capital expenditures or otherwise, for the purpose of creating, gathering, maintaining and managing electronic health records, including scheduling, billing, collection, patient information and related records. 
 Records Transactions Assets means any assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries acquired pursuant to Records Transactions. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (ii) if such Benchmark is the EURIBOR Rate, 11 00 a.m., Brussels time two (2) TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (iii) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting, (iv) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (v) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate or SONIA, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulatory Authority has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.07(b)(i). 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, managers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Adjusted Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or (iii) with respect to any Term 
 46 

Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, in each case, as applicable. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, and(iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other Alternative Currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBOR Rate or (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Dollars, the applicable Daily Simple RFR, in each case, as applicable. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBOR Screen Rate. 
 Repricing Transaction means (a) any prepayment or repayment of all or any portion of the Term Loans using proceeds of, or conversion of all or any portion of the Term Loans into, any new or replacement Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for which the All-In Yield on the date of such prepayment or repayment or conversion is lower than the All-In Yield applicable to the Term Loans subject to such event (as such comparative yields are reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) and (b) any amendment, modification or waiver to this Agreement which reduces the All-In Yield applicable to the Term Loans. Any determination by the Administrative Agent with respect to whether a Repricing Transaction shall have occurred shall be conclusive and binding on all Term Lenders. 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.21 (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02 or the Revolving Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02, the Unfunded Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be zero and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02 or the Revolving Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Credit Exposures at such time provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender that is the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount 
 47 

of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.21 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount and (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower shall be disregarded. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, subject to Section 2.21, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Revolving Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02 or the Revolving Commitments terminating or expiring, Revolving Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02, the Unfunded Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be zero and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02 or the Revolving Commitments expire or terminate, Revolving Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure at such time provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Lender that is the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.21 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Revolving Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount and (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Revolving Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Revolving Lender that is the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower shall be disregarded. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, the president, a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower. 
 Restricted Junior Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.10(a). 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 
 Revaluation Date shall mean (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency, each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is three months after the Borrowing of such 
 48 

Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, each of the following (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar quarter and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. 
 Revolving Commitment means, (a) the 2027 Revolving Commitments and the 2028 Revolving Commitments and (b) with respect to each Revolving Lender, the sum of such Lender s 2027 Revolving Commitment and 2028 Revolving Commitment. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Facility means the 2027 Revolving Facility or the 2028 Revolving Facility, as the context requires provided that, until the 2027 Maturity Date, the 2027 Revolving Facility and the 2028 Revolving Facility will be deemed to constitute a single Revolving Facility for purposes of this definition. 
 Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or Section 2.01(b), as applicable. 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA and (b) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings or any successor thereto. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of any property or asset by any Person, and thereafter the rent or lease of such property or asset by such Person as lessee, with the intent to use such property or asset for substantially the same purpose as the property or asset prior to such sale or transfer. 
 49 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all Swap Obligations and Banking Services Obligations owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates provided that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 Secured Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio, determined as of the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, the last day of the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 (a) ), of (a) Consolidated Secured Net Indebtedness outstanding, to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Secured Parties means the holders of the Secured Obligations from time to time and shall include (i) each Lender and each Issuing Bank in respect of its Loans and LC Exposure respectively, (ii) the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders in respect of all other present and future obligations and liabilities of the Borrower and each Subsidiary of every type and description arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) each Lender and Affiliate of such Lender in respect of Swap Agreements and Banking Services Agreements entered into with such Person by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (iv) each indemnified party under Section 9.03 in respect of the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower to such Person hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (v) their respective successors and (in the case of a Lender, permitted) transferees and assigns. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
 Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Effective Date, between the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any 
 50 

other pledge or security agreement entered into after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any other Person, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Senior Notes means the Borrower s (or an Escrow Issuer s) senior notes outstanding from time to time, including without limitation the Borrower s (or an Escrow Issuer s) 5 senior notes due 2029. 
 Services Business Disposition means the sale by the Borrower and Ross Innovative Employment Solutions Corp. of all issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Providence Human Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Providence Community Services, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company pursuant to the Services Business Disposition Agreement. 
 Services Business Disposition Agreement means the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2015 by and between the Borrower, Ross Innovative Employment Solutions Corp., a Delaware corporation, and Molina Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Solvent means, as to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts, including contingent debts, as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities, including contingent debts and liabilities, beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 51 

SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 Specified Ancillary Obligations means all obligations and liabilities (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of any of the Subsidiaries, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement provided that the definition of Specified Ancillary Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 Specified Delevering Date means the first date after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date on which the Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 3.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of the two most recently ended Test Periods. 
 Specified Event of Default means an Event of Default arising under any of Section 7.01(a), 7.01(b), 7.01(h) or 7.01(i). 
 Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Specified Transaction means any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary, any Permitted Acquisition or any Disposition that results in a Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower, any Investment constituting an acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of, or all or any portion of the Equity Interests of, another Person (including a Subsidiary) or any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or a Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise, or any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility or line of credit), Restricted Payment, or Incremental Facility that by the terms of this Agreement requires such test to be calculated on a pro forma basis or after giving pro forma effect. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of the Board) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory 
 52 

Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Stock Repurchase Program means that certain stock repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower whereby the Borrower may purchase common Equity Interests of the Borrower, for an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000,000. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means each Material Domestic Subsidiary that is a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty. The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date are identified as such in Schedule 3.01C hereto. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means that certain Guaranty dated as of the Effective Date (including any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 
 Swap Obligations means any and all obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreement, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s) and (b) for any date 
 53 

prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swingline Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.21 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Revolving Lenders in such Swingline Loans. 
 Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Sublimit means 25,000,000. 
 T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which T2 (or if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate. 
 Term Benchmark Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Alternative Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Term Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender having a Term Loan Commitment or that holds Term Loans. 
 54 

Term Loan Commitment means (a) with respect to any Term Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01A opposite such Lender s name under the heading Term Loan Commitment , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Term Loan Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (i) any reduction in such amount from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (ii) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 and (b) as to all Term Lenders, the aggregate commitments of all Term Lenders to make Term Loans. After advancing the Term Loan, each reference to a Term Lender s Term Loan Commitment shall refer to that Term Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Term Loans. The aggregate amount of the Term Loan Commitments as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date is 525,000,000. 
 Term Loan Facility means the term loan facility consisting of the Term Loan Commitments and the Term Loans. 
 Term Loans means the term loans made by the Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(c). 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Test Period means, for any date of determination under this Agreement, the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended as of such date of determination for which financial statements have been delivered or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 (a) ). 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio, determined as of the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been 
 55 

delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, the last day of the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 (a) ), of (a) Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness outstanding, to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 Trade Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e)(i). 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Transition Period means, with respect to any Subsidiary that is subject to an affidavit of no control or similar filing with any Governmental Authority (a Licensed Entity ), the period commencing on the date of Acquisition of such Subsidiary and ending on the date such affidavit of no control or similar filing is no longer outstanding. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unencumbered Cash means, at any time, cash and Permitted Investments maintained by the Borrower and one or more Subsidiary Guarantors in the United States and not subject to any Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances and Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02(a), (f), (i), (m), (o), (p) or (q)). 
 Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 56 

United States or U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness provided that the effect of any prepayment made in respect of such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means a Subsidiary with respect to which 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests are owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower (other than (i) directors qualifying shares (ii) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law and (iii) shares held by a Person on trust for, or otherwise where the beneficial interest is held by, the Borrower (directly or indirectly)). 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Working Capital means, at any date, the excess of current assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than cash and Permitted Investments and other cash equivalent investments) on such date over current liabilities (other than the current portion of Long-Term Debt and revolving credit facilities) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided , that for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, increases or decreases in Working Capital shall exclude the impact of (1) non-cash adjustments contemplated in the Excess Cash Flow calculation, (2) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (3) the reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, and or (4) the application of purchase and or recapitalization accounting. 
 57 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Loan or by Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Borrowing or by Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or RFR Revolving Borrowing). 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any law, statute, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required 
 58 

Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations, any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) FAS 842 ), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease or a financing lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease or a financing lease, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 
 (b) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, financial ratios and tests, including the Interest Coverage Ratio, Secured Net Leverage Ratio and Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be calculated in the manner prescribed by this Section 1.04(b) provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.04(b)(ii), (iii) or (iv), when calculating the Total Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of the definition of Applicable Rate , and when calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio and Total Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of determining actual compliance (and not pro forma compliance or compliance on a pro forma basis) with any covenant set forth in Section 6.12, the events described in this Section 1.04(b) that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. In addition, whenever a financial ratio or test is to be calculated on a pro forma basis, the reference to the Test Period for purposes of calculating such financial ratio or test shall be deemed to be a reference to, and shall be based on, the most recently ended Test Period. 
 (i) 
 (ii) For purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test, Specified Transactions (with any incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness in connection therewith to be subject to Section 1.04(b)(iv)) that have been made (1) during the applicable Test Period and (2) if applicable as described in Section 1.04(b)(i), subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Specified Transactions (and any increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA and the component financial definitions used therein attributable to any Specified Transaction) had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period. If since the beginning of any applicable Test Period any Person that subsequently became a Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries since the beginning of such Test Period shall have made any Specified Transaction that would have required adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.04(b), then such financial ratio 
 59 

or test (or the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA) shall be calculated to give pro forma effect thereto in accordance with this Section 1.04(b). 
 (iii) Whenever pro forma effect is to be given to a Specified Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower and include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and cost synergies either (1) projected by the Borrower in good faith to be reasonably anticipated to be realizable within twenty-four (24) months of the date thereof or (2) determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Exchange Act and as interpreted by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor agency), in each case in accordance with (and without duplication of, and subject to the limitations set forth in) clause (xv) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and cost synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and cost synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), and any such adjustments shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations of such financial ratios or tests and during any subsequent Test Period in which the effects thereof are expected to be realized relating to such Specified Transaction. 
 (iv) In the event that the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurs (including by assumption or guarantees) or repays (including by redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness included in the calculations of any financial ratio or test (in each case, other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility), (1) during the applicable Test Period or (2) subject to Section 1.04(b)(i) subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, then such financial ratio or test shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, to the extent required, as if the same had occurred on the last day of the applicable Test Period. 
 (v) Any provision requiring the pro forma compliance with Section 6.12 shall be made assuming that compliance with the Interest Coverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio or minimum Liquidity, as applicable, pursuant to such Section is required with respect to the most recent Test Period or fiscal quarter-end, as applicable, prior to such time. 
 (vi) If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). 
 SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The 
 60 

Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.06. Status of Obligations . In the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Borrower shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Secured Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 SECTION 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time provided that, with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 
 SECTION 1.08. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 1.09. Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Term Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings or Letter of Credit extensions denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the 
 61 

applicable amount of any Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 1.10. Limited Condition Transactions . As it relates to any action being taken solely or primarily in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, for purposes of 
 (a) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of any financial ratio or financial test (other than actual (and not pro forma) compliance with Section 6.12 or in the case of any determination under Section 4.02 with respect to obligation of each Revolving Lender to make a Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, or of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit), 
 (b) testing availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA) or, 
 (c) testing whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom (other than for any determination under Section 4.02 with respect to obligation of each Revolving Lender to make a Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, or of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit), 
 in each case, at the option of the Borrower (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Acquisition, an LCT Election ), the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder, any such provision is complied with, any such tested availability is sufficient, and any such Default or Event of Default exists, in each case, shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into (the LCT Test Date ), and if, after giving effect to the Limited Condition Acquisition on a pro forma basis (and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith, including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, as if they had occurred on the first day of the most recently ended Test Period prior to the LCT Test Date), the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary would have been permitted to take such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such provision, ratio, test or basket, such provision, ratio, test or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with or if no such Default or Event of Default shall exist on such LCT Test Date and no Specified Event of Default shall exist on the date of consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, then such condition shall be deemed satisfied on the date of consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition provided , that , if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal periods shall have become available, the Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to redetermine all such ratios, tests or baskets on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCT Election and any of the provisions, ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would have failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such provision, ratio, test or basket, 
 62 

including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Acquisition or at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of such Limited Condition Acquisition, such provisions, baskets, tests or ratios or requirement will not be deemed to have failed to have been complied with as a result of such circumstance however, if any provisions or ratios improve or baskets increase as a result of such fluctuations, such improved provisions, ratios or baskets may be utilized. If the Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any calculation of any ratio, test or basket availability with respect to any transaction permitted hereunder (each, a Subsequent Transaction following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earliest of the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated, the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition or the 120th day following the signing of the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition, for purposes of determining whether such Subsequent Transaction is permitted under this Agreement, any such ratio, test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a Pro Forma Basis (i) assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (ii) solely in the case of a Subsequent Transaction constituting a Restricted Payment, assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been consummated. 
 SECTION 1.11. Amendment No. 3 Effective Date Reallocations . The parties to this Agreement agree that, on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (a) the Revolving Commitments (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) shall be allocated between, and redesignated as, 2027 Revolving Commitments and 2028 Revolving Commitments hereunder and (b) the Administrative Agent shall make such other reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of each Lender s credit and loan exposure under the this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date as are necessary in order that each such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder reflects such Lender s 2027 Applicable Percentage or 2028 Applicable Percentage, as applicable, of the outstanding aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (a) each 2027 Revolving Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make 2027 Revolving Loans to the Borrower in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the 2027 Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in, subject to Sections 1.09 and 2.11(b), (i) such Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s 2027 Revolving Commitment, (ii) the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2027 Revolving Commitments, (iii) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iv) the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures denominated in Alternative Currencies exceeding the 2027 Alternative Currency Sublimit or (v) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Alternative Currencies exceeding the Alternative Currency Sublimit, (b) each 2028 Revolving Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make 2028 Revolving Loans to the Borrower in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the 2028 Availability Period in an aggregate principal 
 63 

amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in, subject to Sections 1.09 and 2.11(b), (i) such Lender s 2028 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s 2028 Revolving Commitment, (ii) the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2028 Revolving Commitments, (iii) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iv) the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures denominated in Alternative Currencies exceeding the 2028 Alternative Currency Sublimit or (v) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Alternative Currencies exceeding the Alternative Currency Sublimit, and (c) each Term Lender with a Term Loan Commitment (severally and not jointly) agrees to make a Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, in an amount equal to such Lender s Term Loan Commitment by making immediately available funds available to the Administrative Agent s designated account, not later than the time specified by the Administrative Agent. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class provided , however , that (i) until the 2027 Maturity Date, each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall consist of both Classes of Revolving Loans (including both 2027 Revolving Loans and 2028 Revolving Loans) made by the Revolving Lenders (including both the 2027 Revolving Lenders and the 2028 Revolving Lenders) ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments on the date such Revolving Loans are made hereunder and (ii) on and after the 2027 Maturity Date, each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall consist of 2028 Revolving Loans made by the 2028 Revolving Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective 2028 Revolving Commitments on the date such Revolving Loans are made hereunder. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. The Term Loans shall amortize as set forth in Section 2.10. 
 (a) Subject to Section 2.14, (i) each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (A) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans and (B) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith, and (ii) each Term Loan Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Loans. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in an Alternative Currency, 500,000 units of such currency) and not less than 1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in an Alternative Currency, 1,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each ABR Borrowing and or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an 
 64 

aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate Revolving Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 500,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) Term Benchmark or RFR Borrowings outstanding (in the aggregate for all Term Benchmark Borrowings and RFR Borrowings). 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the applicable Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing or Term Loan Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) provided , that a Borrowing Request with respect to funding of a transaction permitted hereunder may state that such notice is conditioned upon the completion of such transaction, in which case, such Borrowing Request may be revoked by the Borrower if the transaction is not consummated at the time specified provided further that, if such Borrowing Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) (a)(i)(x) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (y) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euros, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Agreed Currency and aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and whether such Borrowing is a Revolving Borrowing or a Term Loan Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed 
 65 

to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03, a CBR Loan or, prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR (it being understood and agreed that a Central Bank Rate and Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Section 2.08(e) (solely with respect to the Central Bank Rate), 2.14(a) and 2.14(f)), as applicable. 
 SECTION 2.04. Reserved . 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may agree, but shall have no obligation, to make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the 2028 Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Sublimit, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Revolving Commitment, (iii) the Dollar Equivalent of any 2027 Revolving Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such 2027 Revolving Lender s 2027 Revolving Commitment, (iv) the Dollar Equivalent of the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2027 Revolving Commitments, (v) the Dollar Equivalent of any 2028 Revolving Lender s 2028 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such 2028 Revolving Lender s 2028 Revolving Commitment, (vi) the Dollar Equivalent of the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2028 Revolving Commitments or (vii) the Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (a) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower provided that, if such Borrowing Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the Borrower with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to such Issuing Bank) by 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (b) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice 
 66 

thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to the reallocation provisions of this Section 2.05(c)) of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12 00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on such Business Day and if received after 12 00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to the reallocation provisions of this Section 2.05(c)) of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever provided that on the 2027 Maturity Date, the participations so acquired by the 2027 Revolving Lenders shall be reallocated to the 2028 Revolving Lenders ratably in accordance with such 2028 Revolving Lenders respective Applicable Percentages determined after giving effect to the termination of the 2027 Revolving Commitments provided that, to the extent such reallocation shall cause the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures to exceed the 2028 Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall, on such date of reallocation, prepay 2028 Revolving Loans and or cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure in an amount sufficient to eliminate any such excess). Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (c) The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the 
 67 

rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (d) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above. 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the 2028 Availability Period provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of twenty (20) Letters of Credit outstanding. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Effective Date, shall be governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (a) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the relevant Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by it and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a written notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the relevant Issuing Bank and using the relevant Issuing Bank s standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement ). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (i) the amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed 60,000,000, (ii)(x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time (such sum for any Issuing Bank at any time of determination, its Outstanding LC Amount shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment) provided that, notwithstanding this clause (ii) but at all times subject to the immediately preceding clause (i) and the immediately succeeding clauses (iii) and (iv), an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue, amend or extend a Letter of Credit if such issuance, amendment or extension would cause such Issuing Bank s Outstanding LC Amount to exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment, (iii) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the total Letter of Credit Commitments, (iv) (x) no 2027 Revolving Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its 2027 Revolving Commitment and the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the sum of the total 2027 Revolving Commitments, (y) no 2028 Revolving Lender s 2028 Revolving Credit 
 68 

Exposure shall exceed its 2028 Revolving Commitment and the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the sum of the total 2028 Revolving Commitments and (z) no Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Revolving Commitment and the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed aggregate Revolving Commitments and (v) (x) the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the 2027 Alternative Currency Sublimit, (y) the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the 2028 Alternative Currency Sublimit and (z) the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank provided that the Borrower shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (iv) shall not be satisfied. 
 No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit if 
 (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit the issuance, amendment or extension of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment or decree, or law shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it or 
 (ii) the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (b) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the relevant Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, one year after such extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the 2028 Maturity Date provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year tenor may contain customary automatic extension provisions agreed upon by the Borrower and the Issuing Bank that provide for the extension thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referenced in clause (ii) above), subject to a right on the part of the Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension from occurring by giving notice to the beneficiary in advance of any such extension. 
 (c) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the expiration date thereof) and without any further action on the part of any Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, each Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from each Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit provided that on the 2027 Maturity Date, the participations so granted and acquired by the 2027 Revolving Lenders shall be reallocated to the 2028 Revolving Lenders 
 69 

ratably in accordance with the 2028 Revolving Lenders respective Applicable Percentages determined after giving effect to the termination of the 2027 Commitments provided that, to the extent such reallocation shall cause the total 2028 Revolving Credit Exposures to exceed the 2028 Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall, on such date of reallocation, prepay 2028 Revolving Loans and or cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure in an amount sufficient to eliminate any such excess). In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit and to make payments in respect of such acquired participations are absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments. 
 (d) Reimbursement . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in the currency of such LC Disbursement equal to such LC Disbursement, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice provided that, (x) if such LC Disbursement is denominated in Dollars, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount of such LC Disbursement or (y) if such LC Disbursement is denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be converted into an equivalent amount of an ABR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency, and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the relevant Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Borrower s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Alternative Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Borrower shall, at its option, either 
 70 

(x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Alternative Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof calculated on the date such LC Disbursement is made. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder or (v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, document, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (f) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that such notice need not be given prior to payment by such Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 71 

(g) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full in the applicable currency on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (h) Replacement and Resignation of an Issuing Bank . (A) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit. 
 (B) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(A) above. 
 (i) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account or accounts with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 105 of the LC Exposure in the applicable currencies as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i). The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or Section 2.06(c), if any LC Exposure remains outstanding after the expiration date specified in Section 2.06(c), the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of such LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Administrative Agent shall 
 72 

have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account and the Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent a security interest in the Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.11(a), such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower as and to the extent that, immediately after giving effect to such return, the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 (j) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the relevant Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the relevant Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (k) Issuing Bank Agreements . Each Issuing Bank agrees that, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment or extension, and the aggregate face amount and currency of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), (ii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank pays any amount in respect of one or more drawings under Letters of Credit, the date of such payment(s) and the amount of such payment(s), (iii) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse any amount required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount and currency of such payment in respect of Letters of Credit and (iv) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12 00 noon, New York City time (or in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time), to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by 
 73 

notice to the Lenders provided that (i) Term Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.01(c) and (ii) Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 (a) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing (or in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans or in the case of Alternative Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (a) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower provided that, if such Interest Election Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent. 
 74 

(b) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Agreed Currency and the principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars) or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.08(c), a CBR Loan or, prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR (it being understood and agreed that a Central Bank Rate and Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Section 2.08(e) (solely with respect to the Central Bank Rate), 2.14(a) and 2.14(f)), as applicable. 
 (c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (d) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be deemed to have an Interest Period that is the same as the immediately preceding Interest Period. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing in an Alternative Currency prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, (x) (A) each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (B) each RFR Borrowing 
 75 

denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing immediately and (y) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in an Alternative Currency shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) at the end of the Interest Period, as applicable, therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period, as applicable, in full provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated (i) the Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the making of the Term Loans on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (ii) the 2027 Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the 2027 Maturity Date, (iii) the 2028 Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the 2028 Maturity Date and (iv) all other Commitments shall terminate on the applicable Maturity Date. 
 (a) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Revolving Commitments of any Class provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments of any Class if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, (A) the Dollar Equivalent of any Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Revolving Commitment, (B) the Dollar Equivalent of any 2027 Revolving Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its 2027 Revolving Commitment, (C) the Dollar Equivalent of any 2028 Revolving Lender s 2028 Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its 2028 Revolving Commitment or (D) the Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
 (b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments of any Class under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the applicable Class of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments of any Class delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) Repayment of Loans . The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (A) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each 2027 Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each 2027 Revolving Loan on the 2027 Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan, (B) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each 2028 Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of 
 76 

each 2028 Revolving Loan on the 2028 Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan and (C) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the 2027 Maturity Date (or, following the 2027 Maturity Date, the 2028 Maturity Date) and the fifth (5 th Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. The Borrower shall repay Term Loans on the last day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with September 30, 2024) in an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25 of the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (which payments shall be adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and Section 2.11(e)). To the extent not previously repaid, all unpaid Term Loans shall be paid in full in Dollars by the Borrower on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the Obligations (including, without limitation, the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 
 (f) The Subsidiary Guarantors are co-obligors for all purposes under this Agreement and fully liable for all Obligations under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) (x) in the case of prepayment of (A) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (B) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) RFR Business Days before 
 77 

the date of prepayment and (C) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, not later than 9 00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, (1) if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09, and (2) a notice of prepayment delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing, each voluntary prepayment of a Term Loan Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Term Loans included in the prepaid Term Loan Borrowing in such order of application as directed by the Borrower (and in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity), and each mandatory prepayment of a Term Loan Borrowing shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11(e). Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16 (if any). 
 (b) If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Alternative Currencies, as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments or (B) the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Alternative Currencies (the Alternative Currency Exposure (so calculated), as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds the Alternative Currency Sublimit or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (so calculated as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds 105 of the aggregate Revolving Commitments or (B) the Alternative Currency Exposure, as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds 105 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Borrower shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause (x) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the aggregate Revolving Commitments and (y) the Alternative Currency Exposure to be less than or equal to the Alternative Currency Sublimit, as applicable. 
 (c) In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of (i) any Matrix Disposition, the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days after such Net Proceeds are received, prepay the Obligations as set forth in Section 2.11(e) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds provided that, if the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect that the Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 3.00 to 1.00 (and reasonably detailed calculations with 
 78 

respect thereto are provided in such certificate) as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, then up to 25 of such Net Proceeds may be used instead to prepay other Indebtedness then outstanding (each such prepayment, a Permitted Matrix Disposition Prepayment or for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (ii) any Prepayment Event in an amount in excess of 50,000,000, individually, or 100,000,000 in the aggregate for all such Prepayment Events, the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days after such Net Proceeds are received, prepay the Obligations as set forth in Section 2.11(e) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of the amount of such Net Proceeds in excess of such thresholds (each such amount, a Sweep Amount provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event , if the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect that the Borrower or its relevant Subsidiaries intend to apply such Sweep Amount (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate) within 365 days after receipt of such Sweep Amount, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other assets of a general type to be used in the business of the Borrower and or its Subsidiaries, then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this clause (ii) in respect of up to 50 of such Sweep Amount (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate) (or up to 100 of such Sweep Amount (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate) (x) in the case of any event described in clause (a) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event so long as the Total Net Leverage Ratio is less than 4.00 to 1.00 (and reasonably detailed calculations with respect thereto are provided in such certificate) as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (y) in the case of any event described in clause (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event provided further that to the extent of any such Sweep Amount therefrom that has not been so applied by the end of such 365-day period (or committed to be applied by the end of the 365-day period and applied within 180 days after the end of such 365-day period), then a prepayment shall be required at such time in an amount equal to such Sweep Amount that has not been so applied. 
 (d) The Borrower shall prepay the Obligations on the date that is five (5) Business Days after the earlier of (i) the date on which the Borrower s annual audited financial statements for the immediately preceding fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025) are delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 or (ii) the date on which such annual audited financial statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01, in an amount equal to (A) the ECF Percentage of the Borrower s Excess Cash Flow for such immediately preceding fiscal year, less (B) at the Borrower s option, any optional prepayment of Indebtedness under the Loan Documents in accordance with Section 2.11(a) during such preceding fiscal year or (without duplication) after the end of such preceding fiscal year and prior to the such Excess Cash Flow prepayment date (excluding (i) any such optional prepayments made during such preceding fiscal year that reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.11(d) in the prior fiscal year and (ii) any such optional prepayments of revolving Indebtedness except to the extent any related commitment is permanently reduced in connection with such repayment) provided , that no prepayment under this Section 2.11(d) shall be required unless the amount thereof would exceed 3,000,000 (and in which case only the amount in excess of 3,000,000 shall be required to be prepaid). As used herein, ECF Percentage means (w) seventy-five percent (75 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than 4.40 to 1.00, (x) fifty percent (50 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than 3.90 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 4.40 to 1.00, (y) twenty-five percent (25 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was greater than 3.40 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 3.90 to 1.00, and (z) zero percent (0 if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such period was less than or equal to 3.40 to 1.00. Each Excess Cash Flow prepayment shall be accompanied by a certificate signed by a Financial Officer certifying in reasonable detail the manner in which Excess Cash Flow and the resulting prepayment were calculated. 
 79 

(e) All such amounts pursuant to Sections 2.11(c) and (d) shall be applied to installments of the Term Loans as directed by the Borrower (and in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity). Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or provided in, or intended with respect to, any Incremental Amendment (provided, that such Incremental Amendment may not, without the consent of the requisite Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02, provide that the applicable Class of Term Loans receive a greater than pro rata portion of mandatory prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) than would otherwise be permitted by this Agreement), in each case effectuated or issued in a manner consistent with this Agreement, each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) shall be allocated ratably to the Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans (if any) then outstanding. 
 (f) With respect to any prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d), unless otherwise specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment, any Term Lender, at its option, may elect not to accept such prepayment. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any event giving rise to a prepayment under Section 2.11(c) or (d) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment that is required to be made under this Section 2.11(c) or (d). Any Lender may decline to accept all (but not less than all) of its share of any such prepayment (the Retained Declined Proceeds by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent no later than two (2) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. If the Lender does not give a notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such second Business Day informing the Administrative Agent that it declines to accept the applicable prepayment, then such Lender will be deemed to have accepted such prepayment. Such Lender s Retained Declined Proceeds may be retained by the Borrower and thereafter shall not be subject to any prepayment obligation under Section 2.11(c) or (d). 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.11(c) or (d), to the extent any or all of the Net Proceeds of any Prepayment Event by any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Net Proceeds of such Prepayment Event received by such Subsidiary or Excess Cash Flow attributable to such Subsidiary, are prohibited or delayed by any applicable local law (including financial assistance, corporate benefit restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of such Subsidiary) from being repatriated or passed on to or used for the benefit of the Borrower or any applicable Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower or if the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any such amount to the Borrower or any such applicable Domestic Subsidiary would have material adverse tax consequences (including a material acceleration of the point in time when such earnings would otherwise be taxed) with respect to such amount, the portion of such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans at the times provided in Section 2.11(c) or (d) but may be retained by the applicable Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation or the passing on to or otherwise using for the benefit of the Borrower or the applicable Domestic Subsidiary, or the Borrower believes in good faith that such material adverse tax consequence would result, and once such repatriation of any of such affected Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local law or the Borrower determines in good faith such repatriation would no longer have such material adverse tax consequences, such repatriation will be promptly effected and such repatriated Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly (and in any event not later than five (5) Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of taxes payable or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof) to the prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) provided that no such prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) shall be required in the case of any such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow the repatriation of which the Borrower believes in good faith would result in 
 80 

material adverse tax consequences, if on or before the date on which such Net Proceeds so retained would otherwise have been required to be applied to reinvestments or prepayments (or such Excess Cash Flow would have been so required if it were Net Proceeds), the Borrower applies an amount equal to the amount of such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow to such reinvestments or prepayments as if such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been received by the Borrower rather than such Subsidiary, less the amount of additional taxes that would have been payable or reserved against if such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been repatriated (or, if less, the Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow that would be calculated if received by such Subsidiary)). 
 (h) All (i) prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(a) or Section 2.11(c) effected on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date with the proceeds of a Repricing Transaction and (ii) amendments, amendments and restatements or other modifications of this Agreement on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date constituting Repricing Transactions in respect of any Term Loans shall, in each case, be accompanied by a fee payable to the appliable Term Lenders in an amount equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so prepaid, in the case of a transaction described in clause (i) of this paragraph, or 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans affected by such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification (including any such Term Loans assigned as part of such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification in connection with the replacement of a Term Lender not consenting thereto), in the case of a transaction described in clause (ii) of this paragraph. Such fee shall be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Term Lenders in respect of the applicable Term Loans, on the date of such prepayment or amendment. 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Lender in respect of such Lender s Revolving Commitment, a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee ), which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate applicable to the Commitment Fee on the daily amount of the Available Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Commitment terminates. Commitment Fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15 th day following such last day and on the date on which the applicable Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and the last day of each period but excluding the date on which the applicable Revolving Commitments terminate). 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily maximum stated amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans, during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily maximum stated amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, 
 81 

as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such Issuing bank relating the Letters of Credit as from time to time in effect. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15 th day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees owing to 2027 Revolving Lenders or 2028 Revolving Lenders, as applicable, shall be payable on the date on which the 2027 Revolving Commitments or the 2028 Revolving Commitments, as applicable, terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the applicable Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, and to the Lenders, as applicable, the fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent from time to time. 
 (c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the relevant Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of Commitment Fees and participation fees, to the applicable Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (a) The Revolving Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the applicable Relevant Adjusted Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate and the Term Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) Each RFR Revolving Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of 2027 Revolving Loans or 2028 Revolving Loans, as applicable, upon termination of the 2027 Revolving Commitments or the 2028 Revolving Commitments, as applicable provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the 2027 Availability Period or the 2028 Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or 
 82 

prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e) Interest computed by reference to the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate or the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Dollars hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling or the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Relevant Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining any Relevant Rate or Relevant Adjusted Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Relevant Rate or Relevant Adjusted Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an 
 83 

ABR Borrowing and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14 with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (C) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City ti me) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
 84 

time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate or EURIBOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for (i) a Term Benchmark Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued or (ii) an RFR Borrowing or conversion to RFR Loans, during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, as applicable, denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) solely with respect to any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any request relating to a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) 
 85 

for Loans denominated in Dollars (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (C) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuing Bank (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate) 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, 
 86 

such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and generally consistent with similarly situated customers of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15, after consideration of such factors as the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, then reasonably determines to be relevant). 
 (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or Issuing Bank or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and generally consistent with similarly situated customers of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15, after consideration of such factors as the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, then reasonably determines to be relevant). 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments. 
 (a) With respect to Term Benchmark Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable 
 87 

thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (v) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Term Benchmark Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (iv) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (a) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 88 

(b) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (e) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 89 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 
 (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 
 90 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 91 

(g) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (h) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes the Issuing Banks and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Allocations of Proceeds Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs . 
 (a) (i) Except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) in Dollars prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder and (ii) all payments with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made in such Alternative Currency not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein, in each case in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Administrative Agent s Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Subject to the proviso in the definition of Interest Period, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Alternative Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or the Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by the Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrower takes all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (b) At any time that payments are not required to be applied in the manner required by Section 7.03, if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with 
 92 

the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second , towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) If, except as expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender of the same Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received, prior to any date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Lenders or the relevant Issuing Banks pursuant to the terms hereof or any other Loan Document (including any date that is fixed for prepayment by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.11(b)), notice from the Borrower that the Borrower will not make such payment or prepayment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the relevant Lenders or the relevant Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the relevant Lenders or the relevant Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the applicable Overnight Rate. 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its 
 93 

offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (a) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, conditioned or delayed, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 SECTION 2.20. Incremental Facilities . 
 (a) The Borrower may, at any time, on one or more occasions after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date pursuant to an Incremental Amendment (i) add one or more new Classes of term facilities and or increase the principal amount of the Term Loans of any existing Class by requesting new commitments to provide such Term Loans (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Term Facility and any loan made pursuant to any Incremental Term Facility, an Incremental Term Loan and or (ii) increase the aggregate amount of the 2028 Revolving Commitments (an Incremental Revolving Facility and, together with any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Facilities and the loans thereunder, Incremental Revolving Loans and any Incremental Revolving Loans, together with any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Maximum Expansion Amount provided that 
 94 

(i) no Incremental Commitment in respect of any Incremental Term Facility may be in an amount that is less than 5,000,000 (or such lesser amount to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), 
 (ii) except as the Borrower and any Lender may separately agree, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide any Incremental Commitment shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender, 
 (iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan (nor the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a lender providing all or part of any Incremental Commitment or Incremental Loan, 
 (iv) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, pricing (including any MFN provision), maturity, Weighted Average Life to Maturity and fees), the terms of any Incremental Term Facility will not be materially more restrictive (when taken as a whole) on the Borrower than the existing applicable Credit Facilities (except for terms (x) applicable only to periods after the latest Maturity Date with respect to the Term Loan Facility or (y) that are concomitantly added for the benefit of the existing applicable Credit Facilities) or to the extent that such terms are not consistent with the foregoing, such terms must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, 
 (v) the All-In Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Facility provided that the All-In Yield applicable to any Incremental Term Facility incurred or established prior to the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date may not be more than 0.50 per annum higher than the All-In Yield applicable to the then-existing Term Loans unless the Applicable Rate (and or, as provided in the proviso below, the Alternate Base Rate floor or Floor) with respect to such Term Loans is adjusted such that the All-In Yield on such Term Loans is not more than 0.50 per annum less than the All-In Yield with respect to such Incremental Facility provided , further , that any increase in All-In Yield applicable to any Term Loan due to the application or imposition of an Alternate Base Rate floor or Floor on any such Incremental Term Loan may, at the election of the Borrower, be effected through an increase in the Alternate Base Rate floor or Floor applicable to such Term Loan, 
 (vi) the final maturity date with respect to any Class of Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Maturity Date provided that this clause (vi) shall not apply to any bridge financing converting to, or intended to be refinanced by, Indebtedness complying with this clause (vi) and clause (vii) below, 
 (vii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing tranche of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayment thereof) provided that this clause (vii) shall not apply to any bridge financing converting to, or intended to be refinanced by, Indebtedness complying with this clause (vii) and clause (vi) above, 
 95 

(viii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any Incremental Term Facility may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the applicable Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility, 
 (ix) subject to clause (v) above, to the extent applicable, any fees payable in connection with any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the applicable Borrower and the arrangers and or lenders providing such Incremental Facility, 
 (x) (A) each Incremental Term Facility or Incremental Revolving Facility shall rank pari passu with the Term Loans and Revolving Loans in right of payment and security and (B) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Person which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 
 (xi) (A) no Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Incremental Facility (provided, that, notwithstanding and in lieu of the foregoing, if the Borrower shall have made an LCT Election in accordance with Section 1.08, no Default or Event of Default shall existing immediately prior to the LCT Test Date and no Specified Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Incremental Facility), and (B) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties (or, if agreed to by the lenders thereof, customary SunGard representations and warranties) set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date such Incremental Facility becomes effective with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to a given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period, 
 (xii) any Incremental Term Facility shall participate (A) in any voluntary prepayment of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a) and (B) in any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(c) and (d) , in each case, to the extent provided in such Sections, 
 (xiii) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used for working capital and or purchase price adjustments and other general corporate purposes and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement, and 
 (xiv) on the date of the Borrowing of any Incremental Term Loans that will be of the same Class as any then-existing Class of Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Sections 2.08 or 2.13 , such Incremental Term Loans shall be added to (and constitute a part of, be of the same Type as and, at the election of the Borrower, have the same Interest Period as) each Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of such Borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate proportionately in each then-outstanding Borrowing of Term Loans of such Class it being acknowledged that the application of this clause (a)(xiv) may result in new Incremental Term Loans having an Interest Period (the duration of which may be less than one month) that begins during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding Term Benchmark Loans of the relevant Class and which ends on the last day of such Interest Period. 
 (b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by any other eligible assignee (any such other lender being called an Incremental Lender provided that the 
 96 

Administrative Agent (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the Swingline Lender and any Issuing Bank) shall have a right to consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the relevant Incremental Lender s provision of Incremental Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 9.04 for an assignment of Loans to such Incremental Lender, mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if the relevant Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been acquired by such Lender by way of assignment. 
 (c) Each Lender or Incremental Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower all such documentation (including the relevant Incremental Amendment) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Incremental Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 
 (d) As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or the making of any Incremental Loans, (i) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive customary written opinions of counsel, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive, from each Incremental Lender, an Administrative Questionnaire and such other documents as it shall reasonably require from such Incremental Lender, (iii) the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Incremental Lenders, or the Incremental Lenders, as applicable, shall have received the amount of any fees payable to the Incremental Lenders in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans, (iv) subject to Section 2.20(h) , the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as if the relevant Incremental Loans were subject to Section 2.03 or another written request the form of which is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that the requirement to deliver a Borrowing Request shall not result in the imposition of any additional condition precedent to the availability of the relevant Incremental Loans) and (v) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Financial Officer thereof (A) certifying and attaching a copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of the Borrower approving or consenting to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans and (B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the condition set forth in clause (a)(xi) above has been satisfied. 
 (e) Upon the implementation of any Incremental Revolving Facility pursuant to this Section 2.20 
 (i) each 2028 Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender, and each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such 2028 Revolving Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of participations, all of the 2028 Revolving Lenders (including each Incremental Revolving Facility Lender) (A) participations hereunder in Letters of Credit and (B) participations hereunder in Swingline Loans shall be held on a pro rata basis on the basis of their respective 2028 Revolving Commitments (after giving effect to any increase in the 2028 Revolving Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.20) and 
 (ii) the existing 2028 Revolving Lenders shall assign 2028 Revolving Loans to certain other 2028 Revolving Lenders (including the 2028 Revolving Lenders providing the 
 97 

relevant Incremental Revolving Facility), and such other 2028 Revolving Lenders (including the 2028 Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility) shall purchase such 2028 Revolving Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the 2028 Revolving Lenders participate in each outstanding Borrowing of 2028 Revolving Loans pro rata on the basis of their respective 2028 Revolving Commitments (after giving effect to any increase in the 2028 Revolving Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.20) it being understood and agreed that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this clause (ii). 
 (f) On the date of effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the maximum amount of LC Exposure and or Swingline Loans, as applicable, permitted hereunder shall increase by an amount, if any, agreed upon by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank and or the Swingline Lender, as applicable. 
 (g) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Incremental Amendment and or any amendment to any other Loan Document as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments pursuant to this Section 2.20, such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.20 and such other amendments as are described in Section 9.02. 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.20 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are intended to be applied to finance a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility so agree, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary SunGard or certain funds conditionality. 
 (i) This Section 2.20 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18 or Section 9.02 to the contrary. 
 SECTION 2.21. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.03 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder third , to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative 
 98 

Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , further , that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or all Lenders directly affected thereby shall not, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than, in the case of a Defaulting Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Revolving Commitment 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , cash collateralize for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in 
 99 

accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the relevant Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Banks shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.21(d), and Swingline Exposure related to any such newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and such Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender provided , further, that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to 
 100 

Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 2.22. Loan Modification Offers . 
 (a) The Borrower may on one or more occasions, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, make one or more offers (each, a Loan Modification Offer to all the Lenders of one or more Classes (each Class subject to such a Loan Modification Offer, an Affected Class to make one or more Permitted Amendments pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Such notice shall set forth (i) the terms and conditions of the requested Permitted Amendment and (ii) the date on which such Permitted Amendment is requested to become effective (which shall not be less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than thirty (30) Business Days after the date of such notice, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent). Permitted Amendments shall become effective only with respect to the Loans and Commitments of the Lenders of the Affected Class that accept the applicable Loan Modification Offer (such Lenders, the Accepting Lenders and, in the case of any Accepting Lender, only with respect to such Lender s Loans and Commitments of such Affected Class as to which such Lender s acceptance has been made. With respect to all Permitted Amendments consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.22, (i) such Permitted Amendments shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.11 and (ii) any Loan Modification Offer, unless contemplating a Maturity Date already in effect hereunder pursuant to a previously consummated Permitted Amendment, must be in a minimum amount of (i) not less than 25,000,000 and (ii) an integral multiple of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lesser amount as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating any such Permitted Amendment that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Loan Modification Offer in the Borrower s sole discretion and which may be waived by the Borrower) of Commitments or Loans of any or all Affected Classes be extended. 
 (b) A Permitted Amendment shall be effected pursuant to a Loan Modification Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower, each applicable Accepting Lender and the Administrative Agent provided that, no Permitted Amendment shall become effective unless (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of effectiveness thereof, (ii) on the date of effectiveness thereof, the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct (x) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (y) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of such date, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that specifically relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct on and as of such earlier date, (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent (x) such legal opinions, board resolutions, secretary s certificates, officer s certificates and other documents as shall reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith and (y) such reaffirmation agreements and or such amendments to the Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that the Loans and Commitments subject to such Loan Modification Offer are provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents and (iv) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied (unless waived by the Borrower). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Loan Modification Agreement. Each Loan Modification Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender other than the applicable Accepting Lenders (and with the consent of the Administrative Agent), effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section, including any amendments necessary to treat the applicable Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting 
 101 

Lenders as a new Class of loans and or commitments hereunder provided that, in the case of any Loan Modification Offer relating to Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans of any Class, (i) all Borrowings, all prepayments of Revolving Loans and all reductions of Revolving Commitments of such Class shall continue to be made on a ratable basis among all Lenders of such Class, based on the relative amounts of their Commitments of such Class (i.e., both extended and non-extended), until the repayment of the Loans attributable to the non-extended Commitments of such Class (and the termination of the non-extended Commitments of such Class) on the relevant Maturity Date, (ii) except as otherwise agreed to by each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, the allocation of the participation exposure with respect to any then-existing or subsequently issued or made Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan as between the commitments of such new Class and the remaining Revolving Commitments shall be made on a ratable basis as between the commitments of such new Class and the remaining Revolving Commitments, (iii) the Availability Period and the Maturity Date, as such terms are used with reference to Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans, may not be extended without the prior written consent of each Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as applicable and (iv) at no time shall there be more than three (3) Classes of Revolving Commitments hereunder, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent. 
 This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.18(c) or Section 9.02 to the contrary. 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that (with references in this Article III (other than Section 3.04(a) and the second sentence of Section 3.01) to Subsidiaries to exclude Captive Insurance Subsidiaries) 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries . Each of the Loan Parties (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent the concept is applicable in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and (b) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) has all requisite organizational power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (ii) is qualified to do business in, and, to the extent the concept is applicable in such jurisdiction, is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification. Schedule 3.01C hereto identifies each Subsidiary as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, noting whether such Subsidiary is a Material Domestic Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, the percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other equity interests owned by the Borrower and the other Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is not 100 (excluding (i) directors qualifying shares and (ii) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law), a description of each class issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests of each Subsidiary Guarantor and each other Subsidiary pledged to the Administrative Agent are validly issued and outstanding and, to the extent applicable, fully paid and nonassessable and, as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, all such shares and other equity interests indicated on Schedule 3.01C as owned by the Borrower or another Subsidiary are owned, beneficially and of record, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02. Except as indicated on Schedule 3.01C hereto, as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, there are no outstanding commitments or other obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to issue, and no options, warrants or other rights of 
 102 

any Person to acquire, any shares of any class of capital stock or other equity interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability . The Transactions are within each Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions. The Loan Documents to which each Loan Party is a party have been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (iii) requirements of reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing. 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . (a) The Transactions do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been, or will be by the time required, obtained or made and are, or will be by the time required, in full force and effect and except for any filings, registrations, endorsements, notarizations, stampings and or notifications necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) the Transactions will not violate in any material respect any applicable material law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of any Loan Party or any material order of any Governmental Authority binding upon any Loan Party or its assets, (c) the Transactions will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon any Loan Party or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party, except, in the case of clauses (b) and (c), for any such violations, defaults or rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) the Transactions will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Liens created or permitted under the Loan Documents and (e) the Transactions do not result in a limitation of any licenses, permits or other Governmental Approvals applicable to the business, operations or properties of any Loan Party or adversely affect the ability of any Loan Party to participate in any Medical Reimbursement Programs, except to the extent such limitation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 reported on by KPMG LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 (a) Since December 31, 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties . (a) Except for Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02, each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or (to the knowledge of the Borrower or any Subsidiary) valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property (other than intellectual property, 
 103 

which is subject to Section 3.05(b)) material to its business, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (a) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use (subject to the knowledge-qualified infringement representation in this Section 3.05(b)), all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, to any Loan Party s knowledge, does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements, or ownership or license issues, that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Environmental and Labor Matters . (a) Except as may be disclosed on Schedule 3.06(a) , there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. 
 (a) Except with respect to matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) is subject to any Environmental Liability or (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability. 
 (b) There have been no material strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within the last five years for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except (i) in instances in which such laws, regulations or orders are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) or (ii) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status . Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to be registered as an investment company under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 3.09. Taxes . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all federal income Tax returns and all other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed by it and has paid, caused to be paid or made a provision for the payment of all federal income Taxes and all other material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 104 

SECTION 3.10. ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure . The Information Memorandum, all other written information and all information that is formally presented at a general meeting (which may be a telephonic meeting) of the Lenders (in each case, other than any projections, estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when taken as a whole and after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto, does not (when furnished) contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading (when taken as a whole) in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time prepared (it being understood by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that any such projections are not to be viewed as facts that are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, that no assurances can be given that such projections will be realized and that actual results may differ materially from such projections). As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 3.12. Liens . There are no Liens on any of the real or personal properties of the Borrower or any Subsidiary except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02. 
 SECTION 3.13. No Default . No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 SECTION 3.14. No Burdensome Restrictions . The Borrower is not subject to any Burdensome Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 6.09. 
 SECTION 3.15. Solvency . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent as of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3.16. Insurance . The Borrower maintains, and has caused each Subsidiary to maintain, with insurance companies reasonably believed by the Borrower to be financially sound and reputable, insurance on all their real and personal property in such amounts, subject to such deductibles and self-insurance retentions and covering such properties and risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 SECTION 3.17. Security Interest in Collateral . The Collateral Documents, upon execution and delivery thereof by the parties thereto, will create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral covered thereby and (i) when the Collateral constituting certificated securities (as defined in the UCC) in the Domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower is delivered to the Administrative Agent, together with instruments of transfer duly endorsed in blank, the Liens under the Collateral Documents on such Collateral will constitute a fully perfected security interest in all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties thereunder in such Collateral, prior and superior in right to any other Person, except for 
 105 

Liens permitted by Section 6.02 and so long as such Collateral remains in control of the Administrative Agent, and (ii) when financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the applicable filing offices, the security interest created under the Collateral Documents will constitute a fully perfected security interest in all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the remaining Collateral to the extent perfection can be obtained by filing UCC financing statements, prior and superior to the rights of any other Person, except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02. 
 SECTION 3.18. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve material compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or the other Transactions will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 3.19. Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 SECTION 3.20. Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 SECTION 3.21. Margin Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 SECTION 3.22. Fraud and Abuse . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary nor any of their respective officers or directors has engaged in any activities that are prohibited under any applicable provision of any Healthcare Law and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including HIPAA, the Medicare Regulations or the Medicaid Regulations, to the extent such activities would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.23. Licensing and Accreditation . 
 (a) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has, except to the extent such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, to the extent applicable (i) obtained (or been duly assigned) all required Governmental Approvals and certificates of need or determinations of need as required by the relevant state Governmental Authority for the acquisition, 
 106 

construction, expansion of, investment in or operation of its businesses and Facilities as currently operated (ii) obtained and maintains in good standing all Governmental Approvals and Healthcare Permits (iii) obtained and maintains accreditation from all generally recognized accrediting agencies where required by applicable law or necessary for reimbursement by any applicable Medical Reimbursement Program (iv) entered into and maintains in good standing its Medicare Provider Agreements and, to the extent applicable, Medicaid Provider Agreements and (v) ensured that all such Healthcare Permits are in full force and effect on the date hereof and have not been revoked or suspended or otherwise limited (collectively, Certificates, Licenses and Accreditation ). No event has occurred or other fact exists with respect to the Certificates, Licenses and Accreditation and Governmental Approvals that allows, or after notice or lapse of time or both, would allow, revocation, suspension, restriction, limitation or termination of any of the Certificates, Licenses and Accreditation and Governmental Approvals, except to the extent such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No written notice from any Governmental Authority in respect to the revocation, suspension, restriction, limitation or termination of any material Certificates, Licenses and Accreditation and Governmental Approvals has been delivered or issued or, to the knowledge of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, threatened in writing, in any such case, that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) To the knowledge of the Borrower and Subsidiary Guarantors, each Contract Provider is duly licensed by each state, state agency, commission or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the provision of such services by such Person in the locations where the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries conduct business, to the extent such licensing is required to enable such Person to provide the professional services provided by such Person and otherwise as is necessary to enable the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to operate substantially as currently operated and as contemplated to be operated. 
 (c) There is no civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, claim, indictment, proceeding, hearing, charge, complaint, demand, audit inspection or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, threatened by any federal, state or local governmental agency against any the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any Responsible Officer thereof, nor is there any basis therefore, in any such case, that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.24. Reimbursement from Medical Reimbursement Programs . Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (a) The accounts receivable of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and all billing and collection practices of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been and will continue to be adjusted to reflect the reimbursement policies (both those most recently published in writing as well as those not in writing which have been verbally communicated) of Medical Reimbursement Programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, Blue Cross Blue Shield, private insurance companies, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, alternative delivery systems, managed care systems, government contracting agencies and other third party payors in all material respects. 
 (b) In particular, accounts receivable relating to such Medical Reimbursement Programs do not and shall not exceed amounts any obligee is entitled to receive under any capitation arrangement, fee schedule, discount formula, cost-based reimbursement or other adjustment or limitation to its usual charges. 
 107 

(c) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries have submitted to any Medical Reimbursement Program any fraudulent, abusive or materially false or improper claim for payment, billed any Medical Reimbursement Program for any service not rendered as claimed, or, to their knowledge, received and retained any payment or reimbursement from any Medical Reimbursement Program in excess of the proper amount allowed by applicable law and applicable contracts or agreements with the Medical Reimbursement Program. 
 SECTION 3.25. Medicare and Medicaid Notices and Filings Related to Health Care Business . Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, to the extent applicable (i) each has timely filed all reports required to be filed in connection with Medicare and applicable Medicaid programs and due on or before the date hereof, and all required reports and administrative forms and filings are true and complete in all material respects (ii) there are no claims, actions, proceedings or appeals pending (and neither any Loan Party nor any of their Subsidiaries has filed anything that would result in any claims, actions or appeals) before any Governmental Authority with respect to any Medicare or Medicaid cost reports or claims filed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on or before the date hereof, or with respect to any adjustments, denials, recoupments or disallowances by any intermediary, carrier, other insurer, commission, board or agency in connection with any cost reports or claims (iii) except for normal ordinary course inspections, audits and surveys, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, no validation review, survey, inspection, audit, investigation or program integrity review related to the Borrower or any Subsidiary has been conducted by any Governmental Authority or government contractor in connection with the Medicare or Medicaid programs, and no such reviews are scheduled or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, pending or threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and (iv) each has timely filed all material reports, data and other information required by any other Governmental Authority with authority to regulate the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its business in any manner. 
 SECTION 3.26. Captive Insurance Subsidiaries . The Borrower owns (directly or indirectly) issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of the Captive Insurance Subsidiaries. Each of the Captive Insurance Subsidiaries has been adequately capitalized in compliance with applicable law. The sole business activity of the Captive Insurance Subsidiaries is providing insurance coverage or reinsurance for the Borrower, its Affiliates, the other Excluded Subsidiaries, the Managed Entities and transportation providers. The Borrower has not guaranteed or otherwise agreed to pay or be responsible for any Indebtedness or obligations of the Captive Insurance Subsidiaries of any kind or nature which would not be permitted hereunder. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06, may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) and (ii) duly executed copies the legal opinions, certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with this Agreement and the 
 108 

Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit E . 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel for the Loan Parties, covering such other matters relating to the Loan Parties, this Agreement or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinion. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, the Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit E . 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifying (i) that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date in all material respects (or, if qualified by Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualification, in all respects) and (ii) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of such date. 
 (e) (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (e) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (other than a conversion or continuation of any Loan), and of the 
 109 

Issuing Banks to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of (or waiver of in accordance with Section 9.02) the following conditions 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Each Borrowing (other than a conversion or continuation of any Loans) and each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full (other than Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated (or shall have been cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that (provided that those provisions under this Article V with which Subsidiaries are required to comply shall exclude from such compliance any Captive Insurance Subsidiary) 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender 
 (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2021, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of earnings, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by KPMG LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing, (without a going concern or like qualification or exception, other than qualifications resulting from classification of the Loans as short-term Indebtedness during the one year period prior to the Maturity Date, and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 110 

(b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending March 31, 2022, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of earnings and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above to the Administrative Agent, commencing with the financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (b) with respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022, a compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying, in the case of the financial statements delivered under clause (b) above, as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certifying as to whether, to the knowledge of such Financial Officer, a Default has occurred and is continuing and, if a Default has occurred that is continuing, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, and (iii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with the Financial Covenants and, if applicable, with the covenant set forth in Section 6.12(c) 
 (d) not later than sixty (60) days following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2022, an annual budget of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries containing projected financial information, in substantially the same scope and form as provided to the Borrower s board of directors 
 (e) Reserved 
 (f) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days, after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by the SEC or such other agency regarding financial or other operational results of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof 
 (g) promptly following any request therefor, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request 
 (h) promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request and (y) information and 
 111 

documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) or Section 5.02 (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether made available by the Administrative Agent) provided that the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such document to it and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) written notice of the following promptly after a Responsible Officer having actual knowledge thereof 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) the filing or commencement of any Proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) any other development that has resulted a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (e) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be in writing and shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, (a) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and (b) take, or cause to be taken, all reasonable actions (as determined in the Borrower s and such Subsidiary s reasonable business judgment) to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, governmental authorizations and intellectual property rights necessary in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (including any required professional licenses, CLIA certifications, Medicare Provider Agreements and Medicaid Provider Agreements) and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except, 
 112 

in the case of this clause (b), to the extent failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that, the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, disposition, liquidation or, dissolution or other transaction permitted under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Taxes . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its Tax liabilities that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all tangible property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted and except (i) as otherwise permitted by Section 6.03 or 6.04 or (ii) where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain, in all material respects, with carriers reasonably believed by the Borrower to be financially sound and reputable or through reasonable and adequate self-insurance (i) insurance in such amounts and against such risks and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (ii) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon any reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the sixtieth day following the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, endorsements (x) to all All Risk physical damage insurance policies on all of the tangible personal property and assets of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors naming the Administrative Agent as lender loss payee, and (y) to all general liability and other liability policies of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors naming the Administrative Agent an additional insured. In the event the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries at any time or times hereafter shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies or insurance required herein or to pay any premium in whole or in part then due and payable relating thereto, then the Administrative Agent, without waiving or releasing any obligations or resulting Default hereunder, may at any time or times thereafter (but shall be under no obligation to do so) obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premiums and take any other action with respect thereto which the Administrative Agent reasonably deems advisable, it being agreed that the Administrative Agent shall reasonably promptly notify the Borrower of any such action. All sums so disbursed by the Administrative Agent shall constitute part of the Obligations, payable as provided in this Agreement. The Captive Insurance Subsidiaries shall not provide insurance or reinsurance coverage for any Person other than the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors, Affiliates of the Borrower, the other Subsidiaries of the Borrower, transportation providers or Managed Entities, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity in all material respects with applicable law are made and, subject to Section 5.01(b), in form permitting financial statements conforming with GAAP to be derived therefrom. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, at reasonable times during business hours and upon reasonable prior written notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records for the purpose of verifying the accuracy of the various reports delivered by Borrower or its Subsidiaries to the 
 113 

Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or for otherwise ascertaining compliance with this Agreement and, in connection therewith, to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its Financial Officers and, provided that the Borrower or such Subsidiary is afforded a reasonable opportunity to participate in such discussion, its independent accountants provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent s exercise of such rights set forth in this sentence may not be made more than one time in any calendar year. The Borrower acknowledges that, subject to Section 9.12, the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain reports pertaining to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.06, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any documents, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or any designated representative) is then prohibited by law or any agreement binding on any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or (iii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work-product. 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws . 
 (a) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws), except (i) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) in instances in which such laws, rules, regulations or orders are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (as reasonably determined by the Borrower). 
 (b) The Borrower and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, ensure that (i) billing policies, arrangements, protocols and instructions will comply in all material respects with reimbursement requirements under Medicare, Medicaid and other Medical Reimbursement Programs and will be administered by properly trained personnel and (ii) medical director compensation arrangements and other arrangements with referring physicians will comply with applicable state and federal Healthcare Laws relating to self-referrals and anti-kickback measures, including 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)(1) - (b)(2) 42 U.S.C. and 42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn, except, in each case with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, where the failure to so comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) The Borrower will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain policies that are consistent with HIPAA in all material respects. 
 (d) The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure material compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Revolving Loans will be used only, and Letters of Credit will be issued only, (i) for the working capital needs and (ii) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including to finance capital expenditures, Permitted Acquisitions and Investments). The proceeds of the Term Loans will be used only (i) to refinance the Borrower s 5.875 senior notes due 2025, (ii) to repay a portion of the Revolving Loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 3 and (iii) to pay fees and expenses associated with such transactions. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, 
 114 

including Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers and employees shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, except in each case to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 SECTION 5.09. Subsidiary Guarantors Pledges Additional Collateral Further Assurances . 
 (a) As promptly as possible but in any event within sixty (60) days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Person becomes a Material Domestic Subsidiary or any Domestic Subsidiary qualifies independently as, or is designated by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as, a Material Domestic Subsidiary pursuant to the definition of Material Domestic Subsidiary , the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with written notice thereof and shall cause each such Subsidiary which also qualifies as a Material Domestic Subsidiary to deliver to the Administrative Agent a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and a joinder to the Security Agreement (in each case in the form contemplated thereby) pursuant to which such Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions thereof, such Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to be accompanied by requisite organizational resolutions, other organizational documentation and legal opinions as may be reasonably requested by, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent and its counsel (but, with respect to any such legal opinion, limited to the types of matters covered in the legal opinions delivered pursuant to Section 4.01) provided , that with respect to any Licensed Entity, the obligation to cause such Person to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to this Section 5.09 shall be deferred until the end of the Transition Period applicable to such Licensed Entity (it being agreed that any such Licensed Entity may elect to become a Subsidiary Guarantor during the Transition Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Excluded Subsidiary shall be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor (subject to Section 9.14(a) in the case of a Subsidiary Guarantor that becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of clause (f) of the definition thereof). 
 (b) Subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth herein and in the applicable Collateral Documents, the Borrower will cause, and will cause each other Loan Party to cause, all of its owned property (whether personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed but excluding Excluded Assets) to be subject at all times to perfected Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents, subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 6.02 and the provisions of the Collateral Documents. With respect to the pledge of any Equity Interest in any Subsidiary and subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth in the applicable Collateral Documents, the Borrower will cause (A) 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Pledge Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than Domestic Foreign Holding Companies and Subsidiaries of a CFC or a Domestic Foreign Holding Company) or a Foreign Subsidiary that is not a CFC and (B) 65 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in each Pledge Subsidiary (i) that is a Foreign Subsidiary treated as a CFC and (ii) that is a Domestic Foreign Holding Company, in each case directly owned by the Borrower or any other Loan Party (other than Excluded Assets) to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected (subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 6.02) Lien in favor of the Administrative 
 115 

Agent to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to, deliver Mortgages and Mortgage Instruments with respect to real property owned by the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor which does not constitute Excluded Real Property within ninety (90) days after the acquisition thereof or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in the exercise of its reasonable discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such Mortgages and Mortgage Instruments are required to be delivered hereunder until the date that is ninety (90) days after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in the exercise of its reasonable discretion with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not enter into any Mortgage in respect of any real property acquired by the Borrower or any other Loan Party after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date until the date that occurs fourteen (14) days after the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders (which may be delivered electronically on an Approved Electronic Platform) the following documents in respect of such real property (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor (ii) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , (A) a notification to the Borrower of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the Borrower that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (iii) if such notice is required to be provided to the Borrower and flood insurance is available in the community in which such real property is located, evidence of required flood insurance. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth herein or in any Collateral Document, all at the expense of the Borrower. 
 (d) If any material assets are acquired by a Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than (i) Excluded Assets or (ii) assets of the type constituting Collateral under the Security Agreement that either become subject to the Lien under the Security Agreement upon acquisition thereof or with respect to which no notice or further action would be required to create or perfect the Administrative Agent s Lien in such assets), the Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take, and, as applicable, cause the other Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (c) of this Section, all at the expense of the Borrower, subject, however, to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth herein or in any Collateral Document. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the other Loan Documents, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be required, nor shall the Administrative Agent be authorized, (i) to perfect any pledges, security interests and mortgages by any means other than by (A) filings pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code in the office of the secretary of state (or similar central filing office) of the relevant jurisdiction, (B) filings in United States government offices with respect to intellectual property as expressly required in the Loan Documents, (C) delivery to the Administrative Agent to be held in its possession of all Collateral consisting of material intercompany notes, stock 
 116 

certificates of the Borrower and its subsidiaries and material instruments issued to the Borrower or any other Guarantors or (D) necessary perfection steps with respect to commercial tort claims and letters of credit which do not constitute Excluded Assets (and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither control agreements nor mortgages shall be required pursuant to or in connection with the Loan Documents) or (ii) to take any action (other than the actions listed in clause (i)(A) and (D) above) with respect to any assets located outside of the United States, or enter into any agreement or document governed by the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the United States. 
 SECTION 5.10. Maintenance of Ratings . The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect (a) a public corporate family rating of the Borrower and a rating of the Credit Facilities, in each case from Moody s and (b) a public corporate credit rating of the Borrower and a rating of the Credit Facilities, in each case from S&P (it being understood and agreed that commercially reasonable efforts shall in any event include the payment by the Borrower of reasonable and customary rating agency fees and cooperation with reasonable and customary information and data requests by Moody s and S&P in connection with their ratings process), it being agreed that there is no obligation to maintain any particular ratings at any time. 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees due and payable hereunder have been paid in full (other than Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated (or shall have been cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that (provided that references herein to Subsidiaries shall exclude any Captive Insurance Subsidiary for all Sections under this Article VI) 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) the Secured Obligations 
 (b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to unpaid accrued interest and premiums thereon, any committed or undrawn amounts and underwriting discounts, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses associated with such Indebtedness) 
 (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary provided that Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.05 
 (d) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness or other obligations of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary 
 117 

(e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, repair, refurbishment, replacement, lease, installation, cost of design or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, (to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within one hundred eighty (180) days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction, repair, replacement, lease or improvement) and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) shall not exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding 
 (f) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower after the Effective Date in a transaction permitted by this Agreement (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with an Acquisition or other acquisition of any property or assets permitted hereunder, which Indebtedness is existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged or consolidated) or such assets are acquired and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary (or such merger or consolidation) or such assets being acquired, and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness 
 (g) customer advances or deposits or other endorsements for collection, deposit or negotiation and warranties of products or services, in each case received or incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit 
 (i) Indebtedness issued or incurred to refinance, refund, extend, renew, exchange or replace the Senior Notes provided, that, after giving effect to such issuance or incurrence on a pro forma basis, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 2.70 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 (j) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law 
 (k) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) indemnification obligations, earnout or similar obligations, or Guarantees, surety bonds or performance bonds securing the performance of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case incurred or assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or disposition or other acquisition of assets permitted hereunder 
 (m) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business, including guarantees or obligations with respect to letters of credit 
 118 

supporting such performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations 
 (n) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business or otherwise in respect of any netting services, overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing-house transfers of funds 
 (o) Indebtedness in respect to judgments or awards under circumstances not giving rise to an Event of Default 
 (p) Indebtedness in respect of obligations that are being contested in accordance with Section 5.04 
 (q) Indebtedness consisting of (i) deferred payments or financing of insurance premiums incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) take or pay obligations contained in any supply agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (r) Indebtedness expressly permitted under Section 6.04 
 (s) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation, severance, pension, and health and welfare retirement benefits or the equivalent to current and former employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business or existing on the Effective Date 
 (t) Swap Agreements entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (u) reserved 
 (v) reserved 
 (w) Indebtedness of the Borrower under any Convertible Indebtedness in aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 100,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time 
 (x) Indebtedness of Subsidiaries organized under the laws of Canada (or any province thereof) arising from trade payables unpaid for more than ninety (90) days in an aggregate outstanding amount not in excess of 2,500,000 at any time, and other Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any time 
 (y) unsecured Indebtedness owed in respect of seller notes issued in connection with Permitted Acquisitions provided that other than with respect to an aggregate principal amount of up to 25,000,000 outstanding of such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness (i) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) shall not mature, and no prepayment shall be required, at any time prior to the date that is six months after the Maturity Date 
 119 

(z) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries under foreign credit lines (including, without limitation, pursuant to issuances of letters of credit or bank guarantees) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 7,500,000 at any time 
 (aa) Preferred Stock of the Borrower in an aggregate liquidation amount not to exceed the greater of 100,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period outstanding at any time 
 (bb) reserved 
 (cc) Indebtedness of an Excluded WD Subsidiary incurred in connection with a Restricted Payment or, Investment, of Equity Interests of such Excluded WD Subsidiary to or, in, a Person that is not the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower or a Disposition of such Excluded WD Subsidiary, in each case resulting in such Excluded WD Subsidiary no longer constituting a Subsidiary of the Borrower 
 (dd) Permitted Junior Debt 
 (ee) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 20,000,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding and 
 (ff) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Indebtedness of the types referred to in clause (c), clause (i), clauses (t) through (bb) and clause (dd). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) other than with respect to any Indebtedness existing as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, all Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be unsecured and subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) no Loan Party shall guarantee any Indebtedness of any Joint Venture or of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, other than guaranties in the ordinary course of business for bona fide business purposes. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, in the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described above, the Borrower may classify and reclassify or later divide, classify or reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one or more of the above clauses provided that all Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the exception in clause (a) of this Section 6.01. 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it except 
 (a) Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document including with respect to any obligation to provide cash collateral 
 (b) Permitted Encumbrances 
 (c) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.02 and any amendments, modifications, extensions, 
 120 

renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than improvements thereon and proceeds from the disposition of such property or asset and (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased (other than as permitted by Section 6.01) and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than as permitted by Section 6.01) 
 (d) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Effective Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and any amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals and replacements thereof provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property) and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than as permitted by Section 6.01) 
 (e) Liens on fixed or capital assets (including capital leases) acquired (including as a replacement), constructed, repaired, leased or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary provided that (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness or Capital Lease Obligations permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or lease or the completion of such construction, replacement, repair or improvement (other than with respect to amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof) and (iii) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than improvements thereon, replacements and products thereof, additions and accessions thereto or proceeds from the disposition of such property or assets and customary security deposits provided that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender (or a syndicate of lenders) may be cross-collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender (or syndicate) 
 (f) Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of the Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary to the Borrower or such other Loan Party 
 (g) Liens arising out of any conditional sale, title retention, consignment or other similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted hereunder to finance insurance premiums solely to the extent of such premiums 
 (i) statutory and common law rights of setoff and other Liens, similar rights and remedies arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits of cash, securities, commodities and other funds in favor of banks, financial institutions, other depository institutions, securities or 
 121 

commodities intermediaries or brokerage, and Liens of a collecting bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction or any similar law of any foreign jurisdiction on items in the course of collection 
 (j) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) Liens on any cash earnest money deposits, escrow arrangements or similar arrangements made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any Acquisition permitted by this Agreement, including, without limitation, in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement relating thereto 
 (l) in connection with the sale or transfer of any assets in a transaction permitted under Section 6.03, customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof 
 (m) Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements with the Loan Parties (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) otherwise permitted hereunder other than in connection with Indebtedness 
 (n) Dispositions and other sales of assets permitted under Section 6.04 
 (o) to the extent constituting a Lien, Liens with respect to repurchase obligations of the type described in clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Investments 
 (p) Liens in favor of a credit card or debit card processor arising in the ordinary course of business under any processor agreement and relating solely to the amounts paid or payable thereunder, or customary deposits on reserve held by such credit card or debit card processor 
 (q) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depositary relations with banks or other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary 
 (r) Liens of sellers of goods to any Loan Party and any of their respective Subsidiaries arising under Article II of the UCC or similar provisions of applicable law in the ordinary course of business, covering only the goods sold and securing only the unpaid purchase price for such goods and related expenses and 
 (s) to the extent constituting a Lien, in the case of any Joint Venture of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, any put and call arrangements related to its Equity Interests set forth in organizational documents or any related Joint Venture or similar agreement 
 (t) Liens created or deemed to exist by the establishment of trusts for the purpose of satisfying (i) Governmental Reimbursement Program Costs and (ii) other actions or claims pertaining to the same or related matters or other Medical Reimbursement Programs provided 
 122 

that the Borrower or the other applicable Loan Party, in each case, shall have established adequate reserves for such claims or actions 
 (u) Licenses of intellectual property granted in the ordinary course of business 
 (v) Liens on assets of or Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(z) 
 (w) Liens (i) on assets of or Equity Interests in an Excluded WD Subsidiary securing Indebtedness of such Excluded WD Subsidiary or its Subsidiaries incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(cc), or (ii) on the Collateral securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(i) or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof, provided, that such Liens shall be subject to a customary intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent 
 (x) Liens on Escrow Funds in favor of any Escrow Agent 
 (y) any interest and title of a lessor under, and Liens arising from UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions) relating to, leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business and not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement 
 (z) Liens in favor of customers on cash advances maintained in restricted customer escrow accounts actually received from customers of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business so long as such cash advances were made for the provision of future services by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary and 
 (aa) Liens on assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted above so long as the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness and other obligations subject to such Liens does not at any time exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding. 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that 
 (i) any Person (other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) may merge or consolidate with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries provided that any such merger or consolidation involving (A) the Borrower must result in the Borrower as the surviving entity and (B) a Subsidiary Guarantor must result in such Subsidiary Guarantor as the surviving entity 
 (ii) any Subsidiary may merge into or consolidate with a Loan Party in a transaction in which the surviving entity is or becomes a Loan Party (provided that any such merger involving the Borrower must result in the Borrower as the surviving entity) 
 (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge into or consolidate with another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
 123 

(iv) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (and, in connection with a liquidation, winding up or dissolution or otherwise, any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may sell, transfer, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any, all or substantially all of its assets) to another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
 (v) Dispositions permitted by Section 6.04 (and any mergers or consolidations in connection therewith) 
 (vi) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any person that is not a Loan Party in connection with a Permitted Acquisition provided that, if such transaction involves the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall be the continuing or surviving entity 
 (vii) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any Subsidiary may merge into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition provided that, if such transaction involves a Subsidiary Guarantor and such other Person becomes the continuing or surviving entity, such other Person shall become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the terms of Section 5.09(a) 
 (viii) any Subsidiary may liquidate, wind up or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation, winding up or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and 
 (ix) any Subsidiary may liquidate, wind up or dissolve (and Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets in connection therewith) if its assets are transferred to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or, if such Subsidiary is not a Subsidiary Guarantor, to any other Subsidiary 
 provided that any such merger or consolidation involving a Person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger or consolidation shall not be permitted unless it is also permitted, to the extent applicable, by Section 6.05. 
 (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business substantially different from businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) on the Effective Date and businesses reasonably related, ancillary, similar, complementary or synergistic thereto or reasonable extensions, development or expansion thereof. 
 (c) The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change its fiscal year from the basis in effect on the Effective Date. 
 (d) The Borrower will not permit Prometheus to (A) engage in any material operating or business activities (including making or permitting to exist any loans or advances to, or making or permitting to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person) or own or acquire any material assets or other property, in each case other than ownership of Equity Interests of the Mercury Joint Venture, including activities ancillary thereto (B) incur any Indebtedness or other liabilities, directly or indirectly, by way of Guarantee, suretyship or otherwise in excess of 1,000,000 (in each case, other than liabilities reasonably incurred in connection with its maintenance of its existence or imposed 
 124 

by law or otherwise ancillary to its ownership of Equity Interests of the Mercury Joint Venture) or (C) create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Liens on any of its Equity Interests of the Mercury Joint Venture (other than Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent). 
 SECTION 6.04. Dispositions . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, make any Disposition, except 
 (a) Dispositions of obsolete, worn out, unused or surplus property in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) Dispositions of cash, inventory and Permitted Investments in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (d) Dispositions of property by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party, by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party or by any non-Loan Party to another non-Loan Party 
 (e) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses (including the provision of open source software under an open source license) granted in the ordinary course of business and on terms that do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (f) Dispositions of intellectual property rights that are no longer used or useful in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
 (g) the discount, write-off or Disposition of accounts receivable, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in a Permitted Acquisition provided that such Dispositions shall be consummated within 360 days of such Permitted Acquisition provided , further , that (i) the consideration received for such assets shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value thereof (determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) and (ii) no less than 75 thereof shall be paid in cash 
 (i) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08, Investments permitted by Section 6.05, Liens permitted by Section 6.02 and transactions and Dispositions permitted by Section 6.03 (other than clause (a)(v) thereof) 
 (j) any Disposition of assets with a fair market value of less than 500,000 
 (k) Dispositions of Record Transactions Assets 
 (l) other Dispositions so long as (i) no less than 75 of the consideration paid in connection therewith shall be cash or Permitted Investments paid contemporaneous with consummation of the transaction, (ii) such transaction does not involve the Disposition of a minority equity interest in any Subsidiary other than to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, or in the case of any such Disposition by a Loan Party, other than to another Loan Party, (iii) such transaction does not involve a Disposition of receivables other than receivables owned by or attributable to other property concurrently being Disposed 
 125 

of in a transaction otherwise permitted under this Section 6.04, and (iv) the aggregate net book value of all of the assets Disposed of by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in all such transactions occurring during any fiscal year shall not exceed the greater of 35,000,000 and 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for such fiscal year provided that, in addition, unused amounts for any fiscal year may be carried over to the next succeeding fiscal year, but not to any subsequent fiscal year, and any amount carried over from the previous fiscal year shall be used after the permitted amount for each such fiscal year 
 (m) Dispositions of the Loan Parties interest in the Mercury Joint Venture (including, by or through the Disposition of the Loan Parties interest in Prometheus or by the Disposition by Prometheus of its interest in the Mercury Joint Venture) so long as solely in the case of a Disposition made to any bona fide third party (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, existing holders of interest in the Mercury Joint Venture), (x) no less than 75 of the consideration paid to the Loan Parties in connection therewith shall be cash or Permitted Investments paid contemporaneous with consummation of the transaction and (y) such sale is for fair market value provided that notwithstanding the foregoing the Loan Parties may make Dispositions of the Loan Parties interest in the Mercury Joint Venture pursuant to (i) the exercise of drag-along rights by the other parties to the Mercury Joint Venture, (ii) any Disposition, directly or indirectly, of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests or assets of the Mercury Joint Venture, (iii) any initial public offering of Equity Interests in the Mercury Joint Venture or any special purpose vehicle create in contemplation of such initial public offering, (iv) any internal reorganization, restructuring or recapitalization of the Equity Interests or organizational structure of the Mercury Joint Venture (provided that any successor interests held by the Loan Parties following such reorganization or recapitalization shall remain subject to the terms of this Section 6.04(m)). For the avoidance of doubt, any Disposition of the Loan Parties interest in the Mercury Joint Venture made in accordance clauses (i) through (iii) of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 6.04(m) shall be free and clear, and any and all direct or indirect encumbrances, rights or restrictions the Administrative Agent or the Lenders have in respect of the Loan Parties interest in the Mercury Joint Venture or the Equity Interests therein (or successor thereto) (including, without limitation, the restrictions provided for in this Section 6.04(m)) shall be deemed terminated and of no further force and effect immediately prior to the consummation of such Disposition without any action or consent of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or other Person 
 (n) Dispositions of Excluded WD Assets or the Equity Interests of any Excluded WD Subsidiary and 
 (o) Dispositions by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section provided that the aggregate book value of all property Disposed of pursuant to this clause (o) in any fiscal year of the Borrower shall not exceed 5,000,000. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary contained herein, no intellectual property or other asset (including, without limitation, the Personal Care Services business and Remote Patient Monitoring business) that is material to the business of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, shall be assigned, transferred, or exclusively licensed or exclusively sublicensed (other than with respect to a terminable and limited license or sublicense of intellectual property granted for legitimate business purposes with a territorial, field, or other scope restriction, and on terms that do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole) to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 SECTION 6.05. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) purchase, hold or acquire (including 
 126 

pursuant to any merger or consolidation with any Person that was not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary prior to such merger or consolidation) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other similar right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment in, any other Person or (ii) purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of any Persons or any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of such Person (each of the foregoing transactions described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), an Investment ), except 
 (a) cash and Permitted Investments 
 (b) Permitted Acquisitions 
 (c) (i) Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries existing on the Effective Date in the capital stock of their respective Subsidiaries, (ii) Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in a Loan Party (iii) Investments by any Person existing on the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary or consolidates or merges with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to a transaction otherwise permitted hereunder (iv) Investments by Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors in other Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors and (v) Investments by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in Foreign Subsidiaries to the extent such Investments are funded solely with the proceeds of the issuance by the Borrower of its Equity Interests 
 (d) (i) Investments by any Loan Party in Excluded Subsidiaries that are not-for-profit entities, (ii) Investments by any Loan Party in Subsidiaries organized under the laws of Canada (or any province thereof) and (iii) Investments by the Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties provided that the aggregate amount for all Investments made pursuant to this clause (d) shall not exceed the greater of 75,000,000 and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding 
 (e) bank deposits and prepaid expenses made in the ordinary course of business and Investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances 
 (f) Guarantees and other Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, and transactions permitted by Section 6.03 to the extent constituting Investments 
 (g) Investments comprised of notes payable, stock or other securities issued by account debtors to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such account debtor s accounts in the ordinary course of business or Investments otherwise received in settlement of obligations owed by any financially troubled account debtors or other debtors in connection with such Person s reorganization or in bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceedings or in connection with foreclosure on or transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment 
 (h) extensions of trade credit or the holding of receivables in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 (i) the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity 
 127 

Interests in the Borrower, in each case to the extent the payment therefore is permitted under Section 6.08 
 (j) loans and advances to officers, directors and employees (i) for moving, payroll, entertainment, travel and other similar expenses in the ordinary course of business not to exceed 1,500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding and (ii) in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,500,000 at any one time outstanding, in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs of such advances 
 (k) endorsements for collection or deposit and prepaid expenses made in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) transactions (to the extent constituting Investments) or promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 6.04 
 (m) Investments constituting the creation of new Subsidiaries so long as the Borrower or such Subsidiary complies with Section 5.09 hereof and any Investment in such new Subsidiary is otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05 
 (n) Guarantees of leases and other contractual obligations of any Subsidiary (to the extent not constituting Indebtedness) in the ordinary course of business 
 (o) transfers of rights with respect to one or more products or technologies under development to joint ventures with third parties or to other entities where the Borrower or a Subsidiary retains rights to acquire such joint ventures or other entities or otherwise repurchase such products or technologies 
 (p) Investments in (i) the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.01(t) and (ii) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction 
 (q) Investments in existence on the Effective Date and described in Schedule 6.05 and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof to the extent not involving any additional Investment 
 (r) Investments to support regulatory capitalization requirements, insurance or reinsurance obligations of Captive Insurance Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (s) Investments made pursuant to Records Transactions provided that the aggregate amount of all Investments made pursuant to this clause (s) shall not exceed 12,500,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (t) Investments (which may take the form of asset contributions) in Joint Ventures in an aggregate amount not exceeding the greater of 50,000,000 and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for such fiscal year, in any fiscal year provided that any unused amount for any fiscal year, up to 50 of the maximum permitted amount for such fiscal year, may be carried over to the next succeeding fiscal year, but not to any subsequent fiscal year, and any amount carried over from the previous fiscal year shall be used after the permitted amount for each fiscal year 
 (u) other Investments provided that the aggregate amount of such Investment outstanding pursuant to this clause (u), when taken together with the aggregate amount of Restricted 
 128 

Payments made pursuant to Section 6.08(o), shall not exceed the greater of 30,000,000 and 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding 
 (v) other Investments provided that after giving effect to such Investment on a pro forma basis, the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed to 2.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 (w) Investments of Excluded WD Assets and of the Equity Interests of any Excluded WD Subsidiary 
 (x) Investments of any Person existing at any time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or consolidates or merges with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition) and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof to the extent not involving an additional cash Investment so long as such Investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower or of such consolidation or merger and 
 (y) other Investments, loans or advances made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries so long as the aggregate amount of all such investments, loans and advances outstanding at any time does not exceed the greater of 30,000,000 and 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 
 For purposes of covenant compliance with this Section 6.05, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, less any amount paid, repaid, returned, distributed or otherwise received in cash in respect of such Investment. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.05, if any Investment (or a portion thereof) would be permitted pursuant to one or more provisions described above, the Borrower may divide and classify such Investment (or a portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant and may later divide and reclassify any such Investment so long as the Investment (as so divided and or reclassified) would be permitted to be made in reliance on the applicable exception as of the date of such reclassification. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary contained herein, from and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the aggregate amount of all Investments made pursuant to Section 6.05(d), 6.05(t), 6.05(u) and 6.05(y), together with the aggregate amount of all Acquisitions of a Person that does not become a Loan Party or of assets which are not, and do not become, owned by a Loan Party or which do not constitute Collateral pursuant Section 6.05(b), in each case from and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and prior to the Specified Delevering Date, shall not exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 
 SECTION 6.06. Reserved . 
 SECTION 6.07. Transactions with Affiliates . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions on terms and conditions not materially less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from a Person that is not an Affiliate for a comparable transaction, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (or an entity that becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower as a result of such transaction) (or any combination thereof), (c) the payment of customary fees to directors of the Borrower or any of its 
 129 

Subsidiaries, and customary compensation, reasonable out-of-pocket expense reimbursement and indemnification (including the provision of directors and officers insurance) of, and other employment agreements and arrangements, employee benefit plans and stock incentive plans paid to, future, present or past directors, officers, managers and employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (d) transactions undertaken in good faith for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (e) loans, advances and other transactions to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08 and transactions permitted by Section 6.03, (f) issuances of Equity Interests to Affiliates and the registration rights and payments associated therewith, (g) transactions with Affiliates as set forth on Schedule 6.07 (together with any amendments, restatements, extensions, replacements or other modifications thereto that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders in their capacities as such), (h) any license, sublicense, lease or sublease (1) in existence on the Effective Date (together with any amendments, restatements, extensions, replacements or other modifications thereto that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders in their capacities as such), (2) in the ordinary course of business or (3) substantially consistent with past practices, (i) transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale of property or other assets and services entered into in the ordinary course of business and Investments permitted by Section 6.05 in joint ventures, (j) reserved , (k) transactions contemplated under any agreement governing or documenting Preferred Stock of the Borrower permitted under Section 6.01(aa), (l) advances of working capital to any Loan Party, (m) transfers of cash and assets to any Loan Party, (n) intercompany transactions expressly permitted by Section 6.01, Section 6.03, Section 6.04, Section 6.05 and Section 6.08 and (o) any transactions or series of related transactions with respect to which the aggregate consideration paid, or fair market value of property sold or disposed of, by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is less than 1,000,000. 
 SECTION 6.08. Restricted Payments . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except 
 (a) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and pay dividends or other distributions or make other Restricted Payments with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in additional common Equity Interests of such Person 
 (b) Subsidiaries may (i) make dividends or other distributions to their respective equityholders with respect to their Equity Interests (which distributions shall be (x) made on at least a ratable basis to any such equityholders that are Loan Parties and (y) in the case of a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, made on at least a ratable basis to any such equityholders that are the Borrower or a Subsidiary), (ii) make other Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (either directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties) and (iii) make any Restricted Payments that the Borrower would have otherwise been permitted to make pursuant to this Section 6.08 and (iv) for any taxable period for which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are members of a consolidated, combined or similar income Tax group for U.S. federal and or applicable state or local income Tax purposes (or are entities treated as disregarded from any such members for U.S. federal income Tax purposes) of which the Borrower or a direct or indirect owner of the Borrower is the common parent (a Tax Group ), pay dividends or make other distributions not to exceed such common parent s actual tax liabilities in respect of the portion of any U.S. federal, foreign, state and local income taxes of such Tax Group for such taxable period that are attributable to the taxable income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided that for each taxable period, the amount of such payments made in respect of such taxable period in the aggregate will not exceed the amount that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, would have been required to pay as a stand-alone Tax Group (taking into account any loss carryovers and other tax attributes) and the amount of such payments will 
 130 

not be in duplication with Taxes paid or withheld directly by Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided further that any non-Loan Parties shall make distributions to Loan Parties with respect to the portion of such Tax liabilities attributable to such non-Loan Parties 
 (c) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,000,000 during any fiscal year pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans, employment agreements, incentive plans or other benefit plans for management, directors, employees or former employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided, that, in addition, unused amounts for any fiscal year may be carried over to the next succeeding fiscal year, but not to any subsequent year, and the permitted amount for each fiscal year shall be used in total with or prior to any amount carried over from the previous fiscal year 
 (d) the Borrower may repurchase Equity Interests upon the exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants or with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new Equity Interests 
 (e) cashless repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants 
 (f) cash payments in lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for or by reference to Equity Interests of Borrower or any direct or indirect parent company of Borrower 
 (g) the Borrower may redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire its Equity Interests from (i) retired or terminated employees or officers or employees, officers or directors of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employment agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) holders of restricted Equity Interests to the extent representing withholding tax obligations provided that purchases described in this clause (ii) shall not exceed 2,000,000 in any fiscal year provided that, in addition, unused amounts for any fiscal year may be carried over to the next succeeding fiscal year, but not to any subsequent year, and any amount carried over from the previous fiscal year shall be used in total with or prior to the permitted amount for each fiscal year, in each case, provided no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and remains outstanding on the date on which such payment occurs or would occur as a result thereof 
 (h) so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing before or after giving effect thereto and (ii) the Borrower is in compliance on a pro forma basis with the Financial Covenants, the Borrower may make any additional Restricted Payments not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.08 in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any fiscal year the sum of (x) the greater of 30,000,000 and 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period (the Annual RP Amount plus (y) any unused portion of the Annual RP Amount from either of the preceding two fiscal years (provided that the unused amount carried over from any fiscal year shall not exceed 50 of the Annual RP Amount from such fiscal year) provided, that Restricted Payments made pursuant to this Section 6.08(h) during any fiscal year shall be deemed made, first, in respect of amounts carried over from the prior fiscal year pursuant to clause (y) above and, second in respect of the Annual RP Amount permitted for such fiscal year as provided above 
 (i) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and (ii) the exercise, settlement, unwinding or termination of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction by (A) 
 131 

delivery of shares of common stock of the Borrower upon settlement thereof, (B) (I) set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (II) payment of an early termination amount thereof in common stock upon any early termination thereof or (C) a cash payment not to exceed the amount received upon any exercise, settlement, unwinding or termination of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction 
 (j) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing before or after giving effect thereto, the Borrower may make regularly scheduled payments of interest in cash on Convertible Indebtedness 
 (k) the Borrower may pay cash dividends on the Preferred Stock in an amount not to exceed a rate of 5.5 per annum and paid-in-kind dividends in an amount not to exceed a rate of 8.5 per annum provided , that no cash dividends shall be permitted to be paid under this Section 8.06(k) if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing before or after giving effect to such payment 
 (l) the Borrower may make other Restricted Payments so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing before or after giving effect thereto provided , that , after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a pro forma basis, the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 2.75 to 1.0 as of last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 (m) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments (i) of property consisting of Excluded WD Assets and (ii) of the Equity Interests of any Excluded WD Subsidiary 
 (n) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to repurchase its common Equity Interests pursuant to Borrower's Stock Repurchase Program, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000,000, provided that no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing before or after giving effect thereto and 
 (o) the Borrower may make other Restricted Payments provided , that , the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (o), when taken together with the aggregate amount of Investments outstanding pursuant to Section 6.05(u), shall not exceed the greater of 30,000,000 and 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary contained herein, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.08(h), 6.08(n) and 6.08(o), in each case from and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and prior to the Specified Delevering Date, shall not exceed the greater of 12,500,000 and 5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 
 SECTION 6.09. Restrictive Agreements . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets to secure the Secured Obligations (to the extent required by the Loan Documents), or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to Loan Parties that are holders of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor, to the extent required by the Loan Documents, to Guarantee the Secured Obligations provided that (i) this Section 6.09 shall not apply to (A) restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by any Loan Document, (B) restrictions and conditions existing on the Effective Date identified on Schedule 6.09 and any amendment, modification, refinancing, replacement, renewal or extension thereof that does not 
 132 

materially expand the scope of any such restriction or condition taken as a whole, (C) restrictions and conditions imposed on any Subsidiary or asset by any agreements in existence at the time such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary or such asset was acquired, (D) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold, (E) customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the disposition of any property pending the consummation of such disposition, (F) restrictions in the transfers of, or in the granting of Liens on, assets that are encumbered by a Lien permitted by Section 6.02, (G) restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement governing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 provided that such restrictions and conditions are customary for such Indebtedness as determined in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, (H) customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, (I) customary restrictions on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) or net worth imposed under contracts, (J) customary provisions in leases, licenses, sub-leases and sub-licenses and other contracts restricting assignment thereof and (K) the organizational documents of any Escrow Issuer provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to such Subsidiary and to any Equity Interests in such Subsidiary, (ii) clause (a) of this Section 6.09 shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (iii) clause (a) of this Section 6.09 shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, or to specific property to be sold pursuant to an executed agreement with respect to a permitted Disposition or other sale or disposition permitted by Section 6.04 and (iv) this Section 6.09 shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions with respect to joint ventures. 
 SECTION 6.10. Prepayments of Restricted Junior Debt and Amendments to Restricted Junior Debt Documents . 
 (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly voluntarily prepay, defease or in substance defease, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, in each case prior to the scheduled maturity date therefor, any Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (other than intercompany Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(c) that is subordinated in right of payment or in ranking of Liens to the Loans (such Indebtedness, Restricted Junior Debt it being agreed for the avoidance of doubt that the Senior Notes are not Restricted Junior Debt) (other than pursuant to any refinancings, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness to extent permitted by Section 6.01) provided that that so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary may prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof Restricted Junior Debt (i) with the proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests of the Borrower, (ii) reserved , (iii) consisting of any mandatory redemption, repayment or repurchase event not in the nature of a default (I) that is triggered by receipt of proceeds of a debt incurrence, equity issuance, asset sale, casualty or other proceeds-generating event and is only to the extent of proceeds received or (II) constituting a special mandatory redemption or similar requirement applicable to debt securities incurred to finance one or more transactions if such transaction(s) will not be consummated or are not consummated within a specified timeframe, (iv) consisting of any customary bridge loans with the proceeds of Permitted Junior Debt incurred to refinance such bridge loans, (v) if at the time of such prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasement or other satisfaction (I) there are no Loans or other Secured Obligations outstanding and (II) after giving effect to such prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasement or other satisfaction on a pro forma basis, the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Covenants and (vi) with the proceeds of any Permitted Junior Debt incurred to refinance such Indebtedness. 
 133 

(b) Furthermore, the Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, amend the terms of any Restricted Junior Debt if such amendment, modification or change would add, modify or change any terms in a manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (provided, that if such Restricted Junior Debt, when originally incurred or at the time of such amendment, modification or change, would be permitted to be incurred having terms and conditions that give effect such amendment, modification or change, then such amendment, modification or change shall not be deemed adverse to the interests of the Lenders). 
 (c) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly voluntarily prepay, defease or in substance defease, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, in each case prior to the scheduled maturity date therefor, the Senior Notes (other than in connection with (i) the Transactions on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (ii) any refinancing of Senior Notes with unsecured Indebtedness that has a final maturity that is no sooner than, and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is no shorter than, such Senior Notes being refinanced, or (iii) any Permitted Matrix Disposition Prepayment) unless, as of the date the applicable notice of prepayment is given, after giving effect to such prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasement or other satisfaction on a pro forma basis, the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 4.00 to 1.00 as of last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 SECTION 6.11. Healthcare Permits Healthcare Fines . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to 
 (a) Permit or cause to suffer any revocation by a state or federal regulatory agency any Governmental Approvals or Healthcare Permit to the extent such revocation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, regardless of whether such Governmental Approvals or Healthcare Permit was held by or originally issued for the benefit of the Borrower, a Subsidiary or a Contract Provider with whom the Borrower or Subsidiary has entered into a management agreement. 
 (b) Permit one or more penalties or fines in an aggregate amount in excess of 20,000,000 to be unpaid when due (subject to any applicable appeal period) by the Loan Parties during any 12-month period under any Healthcare Law. 
 SECTION 6.12. Financial Covenants . 
 (a) Maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio . Solely with respect to the Revolving Facility, during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is not in effect, the Borrower will not permit the Total Net Leverage Ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after March 31, 2022, to be greater than the ratio set forth below under the caption Maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio opposite such fiscal quarter 
 Fiscal Quarters Ending Maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio March 31, 2022 through December 31, 2022 5.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2023 5.00 to 1.00 June 30, 2023 through September 30, 2023 5 25 5.25 to 1 00 1.00 
 December 31, 2023 through March 31, 2024 5 00 5.00 to 1 00 1.00 
 June 30, 2024 4.75 to 1 00 1.00 
 September 30, 2024 and thereafter 4.50 to 1.00 
 
 134 

Solely with respect to the Revolving Facility, during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is in effect, the Borrower will not permit the Total Net Leverage Ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after March 31, 2024 until the termination of the Covenant Relief Period, to be greater than the ratio set forth below under the caption Maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio opposite such fiscal quarter 
 Fiscal Quarters Ending Maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio March 31, 2024 through June 30, 2024 5.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2024 6.50 to 1.00 September 30, 2024 through December 31, 2024 
 5.25 to 1.00 March 31, 2025 through September 30, 2025 5 00 5.00 to 1 00 1.00 
 December 31, 2025 through March 31, 2026 4.75 to 1 00 1.00 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall be permitted, but in no event on more than two (2) occasions, after the Effective Date (in the aggregate) to allow the Total Net Leverage Ratio permitted under Section 6.12(a) to be increased by 0.50 to 1.00 (but in no event to greater than 5.50 to 1.00) for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (such period, the Adjusted Covenant Period in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or another Acquisition permitted hereunder occurring during the first of such four fiscal quarters if the aggregate consideration paid or to be paid in respect of such Acquisition exceeds 100,000,000 (and in respect of which the Borrower shall provide notice in writing to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) of such increase and a transaction description of such Acquisition (regarding the name of the Person or summary description of the assets being acquired and the approximate purchase price)), so long as the Borrower is in compliance on a pro forma basis with the Total Net Leverage Ratio permitted under Section 6.12(a) (after giving effect to such increase) on the closing date of such Acquisition immediately after giving effect (including pro forma effect) to such Acquisition provided that it is understood and agreed that (x) after an election of an Adjusted Covenant Period, the Borrower may not elect a new Adjusted Covenant Period for at least two (2) fiscal quarters following the end of an Adjusted Covenant Period and (y) at the end of an Adjusted Covenant Period, the maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio permitted pursuant to Section 6.12(a) shall revert to the maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio then otherwise in effect as of the end of such Adjusted Covenant Period and thereafter until another Adjusted Covenant Period (if any) is elected pursuant to the terms and conditions described above. 
 
 (b) Interest Coverage Ratio . Solely with respect to the Revolving Facility, the Borrower will not permit the ratio (the Interest Coverage Ratio ), determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after March 31, 2022, of (i) Consolidated EBITDA to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, to be less than (x) 3.00 to 1.00 during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is not in effect and (y) 2.75 to 1.00 during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is in effect provided that, solely for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending September 30, 2024, the Borrower will not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio as so determined to be less than 2.00 to 1.00 . 
 (c) Minimum Liquidity . Solely with respect to the Revolving Facility, the Borrower shall not, during such time when the Covenant Relief Period is in effect, permit Liquidity, determined solely as of the last day of each fiscal quarter ending during the Covenant Relief Period, to be less than 75,000,000. 
 135 

(d) Additional Covenants. In order to induce the Revolving Lenders, constituting the Required Revolving Lenders, to enter into an amendment to this Agreement as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, which amendment, inter alia , effected certain modifications to the Financial Covenants for the benefit of the Borrower, the Borrower covenants and agrees, solely for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, that notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, at all times during the period beginning on September 30, 2024 and ending on the date on which the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent the Financials required under Section 5.01(a) and the compliance certificate required under Section 5.01(c) in each case in respect of the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2024 (the Restricted Period ), to comply with the following covenants 
 (i) Additional Reporting. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Revolving Lender within five (5) Business Days following the twentieth (20 th day of each calendar month ending October 31, 2024, November 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, January 31, 2025, February 28, 2025, March 31, 2025 and April 30, 2025, a reporting certificate (substantially in the form of Annex B attached to Amendment No. 4 to this Agreement dated as of September 30, 2024) of a Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of the Borrower s Liquidity as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month (with each such reporting certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 6.12(d)(i) in respect of the month ending December 31, 2024 and the month ending March 31, 2025 stating whether the Borrower was or was not in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.12(c) as of December 31, 2024 or March 31, 2025, as applicable). 
 (ii) Additional Indebtedness. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness 
 (A) pursuant to Section 2.20 
 (B) pursuant to Section 6.01(z) and 
 (C) pursuant to Section 6.01(ee). 
 (iii) Additional Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person 
 (A) pursuant to Section 6.05(b) 
 (B) pursuant to Section 6.05(d) 
 (C) pursuant to Section 6.05(t) 
 (D) pursuant to Section 6.05(u) 
 (E) pursuant to Section 6.05(x) and 
 (F) pursuant to Section 6.05(y) in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding during the Restricted Period. 
 136 

(iv) Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment 
 (A) pursuant to Section 6.08(h) 
 (B) pursuant to Section 6.08(n) and 
 (C) pursuant to Section 6.08(o) in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate during the Restricted Period. 
 The provisions of Section 6.12 are solely for the benefit of Revolving Lenders and, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9.02, or any other Section herein, the Required Revolving Lenders may (i) amend or otherwise modify Section 6.12 or, solely for purposes of Section 6.12, the defined terms used, directly or indirectly, therein, or (ii) waive any noncompliance with Section 6.12 or any Event of Default resulting from any such noncompliance, in each case without the consent of any other Lender. 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 SECTION 7.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in Section 7.01(a)) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made 
 (d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement applicable to it (or its Subsidiaries, to the extent applicable) contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (solely with respect to the Borrower s existence), or 5.08, in Article VI or in Article X provided that, any failure to comply with Section 6.12 shall not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loans unless and until the Administrative Agent or the Required Revolving Lenders shall have terminated the Revolving Commitments or exercised remedies with respect to outstanding Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 7.02(a) or Section 7.02(b) 
 (e) the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement applicable to it contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in Section 7.01(a), (b) or (d)) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) 
 137 

(f) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Material Subsidiary, as applicable, when and as the same shall become due and payable, which is not cured within any applicable grace period provided for in the applicable agreement or instrument under which such Indebtedness was created 
 (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, and delivery of any applicable required notice, provided in the applicable agreement or instrument under which such Indebtedness was created, the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (other than any event or condition (x) causing or permitting the holders of any Convertible Indebtedness, to be converted into or by reference to the common stock of the Borrower (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) or (y) requiring an offer to repay or redeem any Convertible Indebtedness or requiring Convertible Indebtedness to be redeemed or prepaid to the extent such prepayment or redemption is permitted under this Agreement) provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (ii) any Material Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of a refinancing thereof permitted by Section 6.01, (iii) any reimbursement obligation in respect of a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar obligation as a result of a drawing thereunder by a beneficiary thereunder in accordance with its terms and (iv) any such Material Indebtedness that is mandatorily prepayable, redeemable or able to be repurchased prior to the scheduled maturity thereof (A) with the proceeds of the issuance of capital stock, the incurrence of other Indebtedness, the sale or other disposition of any assets or a casualty or other proceeds-generating event, so long as such Material Indebtedness that has become due is so prepaid in full with such net proceeds required to be used to prepay such Material Indebtedness when due (or within any applicable grace period) or (B) constituting a special mandatory redemption or similar requirement applicable to debt securities incurred to finance one or more transactions if such transaction(s) will not be consummated or are not consummated within a specified timeframe, in the case of clauses (A) and (B) above, provided that such event shall not have otherwise resulted in an event of default with respect to such Material Indebtedness 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed, undischarged and unstayed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (i) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in Section 7.01(h), (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, or (iv) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors 
 138 

(j) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (k) one or more final judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 40,000,000 (to the extent not paid, fully bonded or covered by a solvent and unaffiliated insurer that has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Material Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated and undismissed for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed (by reason of pending appeal or otherwise), or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment and such action shall not have been stayed 
 (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur 
 (n) any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than in respect of (i) unasserted indemnification and expense reimbursement contingent indemnification obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement or obligations and liabilities under any Swap Agreement or Banking Services Agreement, in each case, not yet due and payable, or (ii) any letter of credit that shall remain outstanding that has been cash collateralized on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), ceases to be in full force and effect in all material respects) or a Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document, or contests that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other than as a result of (x) the discharge of such Loan Party in accordance with the terms thereof, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or (z) the termination of such Loan Document in accordance with the terms thereof), or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document or 
 (o) any Collateral Document, after execution thereof, shall for any reason (other than (i) as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 6.03 or 6.04), (ii) to the extent any loss of perfection or priority results solely from (A) the Administrative Agent no longer having possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing Equity Interests pledged under any Collateral Document or (B) a UCC filing having lapsed because a UCC continuation statement was not filed in a timely manner or (iii) the satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations) fail to create a valid and perfected security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby or 
 (p) there shall occur an Exclusion Event. 
 SECTION 7.02. Remedies Upon an Event of Default . If an Event of Default occurs (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) occurring upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times 
 139 

(a) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately 
 (b) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties 
 (c) require that the Borrower provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.06(j) and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default attributable to a failure to comply with Section 6.12, (x) actions pursuant to Section 7.02(a) or Section 7.02(b) may be taken solely by the Required Revolving Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans only (without the requirement for Required Lender action) or by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Revolving Lenders, and (y) only if action has been taken in respect of such Event of Default under Section 7.02(a) or Section 7.02(b) (with respect to the Revolving Loans) by the Required Revolving Lenders or by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Revolving Lenders, then such Event of Default will be deemed to be an Event of Default with respect to all Lenders hereunder and the remedies set forth above may be exercised in respect of all Loans. 
 If an Event of Default described in Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) occurs upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States with respect to the Borrower, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (c) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 In addition to any other rights and remedies granted to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or any other applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind (except any notice required by law referred to below) to or upon any Loan Party or any other Person (all and each of which demands, defenses, advertisements and notices are hereby waived by the Borrower on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries), may in such circumstances forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, or consent to the use by any Loan Party of any cash collateral arising in respect of the Collateral on such terms as the Administrative Agent deems reasonable, and or may forthwith sell, lease, assign give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver, or acquire by credit bid on behalf of the Secured Parties, the Collateral or any part thereof (or contract to do any of the foregoing), 
 140 

in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, broker s board or office of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or elsewhere, upon such terms and conditions as it may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, all without assumption of any credit risk. The Administrative Agent or any Lender shall have the right upon any such public sale or sales, and, to the extent permitted by law, upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in any Loan Party, which right or equity is hereby waived and released by the Borrower on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries. The Borrower further agrees on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, at the Administrative Agent s request, to assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Administrative Agent at places which the Administrative Agent shall reasonably select, whether at the premises of the Borrower, another Loan Party or elsewhere. The Administrative Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any action taken by it pursuant to this Article VII , after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred in connection therewith or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any other way relating to the Collateral or the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, to the payment in whole or in part of the Secured Obligations, in such order as set forth in Section 7.03, and only after such application and after the payment by the Administrative Agent of any other amount required by any provision of law, including Section 9-615(a)(3) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, need the Administrative Agent account for the surplus, if any, to any Loan Party. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries waives all Liabilities it may acquire against the Administrative Agent or any Lender arising out of the exercise by them of any rights hereunder. If any notice of a proposed sale or other disposition of Collateral shall be required by law, such notice shall be deemed reasonable and proper if given at least 10 days before such sale or other disposition. 
 SECTION 7.03. Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders 
 (a) all payments received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.21, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows 
 (i) first , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) 
 (ii) second , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the other Secured Parties (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them 
 (iii) third , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them 
 141 

(iv) fourth , (A) to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.21 provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Banks to cash collateralize Secured Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.21, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.03 and (C) to any other amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations and Swap Obligations, in each case, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks and any other applicable Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them 
 (v) fifth , to the payment in full of all other Secured Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the other Secured Parties based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Secured Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable and 
 (vi) finally , the balance, if any, after all Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations) have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law and 
 (b) if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action . 
 (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Further, each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, hereby irrevocably empower and authorize JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) to execute and deliver the Collateral Documents and all related documents or instruments as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of the Collateral Documents. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than within the United States, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute and enforce any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of 
 142 

the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank provided , however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Documentation Agents and the Co-Syndication Agents are commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Secured Party other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties) additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and or the transactions contemplated hereby 
 143 

(ii) where the Administrative Agent is required or deemed to act as a trustee in respect of any Collateral over which a security interest has been created pursuant to a Loan Document expressed to be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, or is required or deemed to hold any Collateral on trust pursuant to the foregoing, the obligations and liabilities of the Administrative Agent to the Secured Parties in its capacity as trustee shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and 
 (iii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) None of any Co-Syndication Agent, Co-Documentation Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Loan Party) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each other Secured Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other Secured Parties, to 
 144 

pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 
 (g) The provisions of this Article VIII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article VIII , none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article VIII . 
 SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc . 
 (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02 in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to 
 145 

be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of, any determination of the Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Dollar Equivalent thereof. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or any Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications . 
 (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower 
 146 

hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY CO-SYNDICATION AGENT, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 (d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or each Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitments, Letter of Credit Commitments, Loans (including Swingline Loans) and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Banks , Lenders , Required Lenders , Required Revolving Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, an Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as 
 147 

the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 
 SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and continue to be entitled to the rights set forth in such Collateral Document and Loan Document, and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this Section (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest) and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any 
 148 

other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (i) above. 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks . 
 (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under federal or state securities law), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or the Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or the Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 
 (c) 
 (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made 
 149 

in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (iii) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations (or any other Secured Obligations) owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.07. Collateral Matters. 
 (a) Except with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.08 or with respect to a Secured Party s right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured 
 150 

Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the UCC. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Administrative Agent upon any Collateral (i) as described in Section 9.02(d) (ii) as permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, unless such release is required to be approved by all of the Lenders hereunder. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant hereto. Upon any sale or transfer of assets constituting Collateral which is permitted pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document, or consented to in writing by the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as applicable, and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties herein or pursuant hereto upon the Collateral that was sold or transferred provided , however , that (i) the Administrative Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Administrative Agent s reasonable opinion, would expose the Administrative Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by any Loan Party, including (without limitation) the proceeds of the sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no Banking Services Agreement or Swap Agreement will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that is a party to any such Banking Services Agreement or Swap Agreement, as applicable, shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph. 
 (c) The Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(b). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 SECTION 8.08. Credit Bidding . The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of 
 151 

the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Secured Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Secured Obligations and the equity interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 
 SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 152 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Co-Documentation Agents or any of their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Co-Documentation Agents or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger and each Co-Documentation Agent and Co-Syndication Agent each hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to 
 153 

provide investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, commitment fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent fees or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 SECTION 8.10. Borrower Communications . (a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Borrower Portal ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system), each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of the Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of Borrower Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY CO-SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER S TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. 
 154 

(d) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (e) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or e-mail, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to it at 6900 Layton Avenue, Suite 1200, Denver Colorado 80237, Attention of Heath Sampson (Telephone No. (303) 728-7006) (Email heath.sampson modivcare.com) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower, (A) in the case of a notification of the DQ List, to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan and (B) for all other notices, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at the address separately provided to the Borrower 
 (iii) if to the Administrative Agent from the Lenders, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at 560 Mission St, Floor 20, San Francisco, CA, 94105-2907, United States (E-mail melanie.her jpmorgan.com) 
 (iv) if to an Issuing Bank, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower 
 (v) if to the Swingline Lender, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower and 
 (vi) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portals, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b) Notices and other communications to any Loan Party, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portals (as applicable), in each case, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The 
 155 

Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (c) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (a) Except as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment or as provided in Section 2.14(b) and Section 2.14(c), neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that none of (A) any amendment or modification of the Financial Covenants (or defined terms used in the Financial Covenants) or (B) the waiver or reduction of any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or fees at the applicable default rate set forth in Section 2.13(c) shall constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon (other than interest payable at the applicable default rate set forth in Section 2.13(c)), or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or 2.18(b) or (c) in a 
 156 

manner that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.21(b) or 7.03 without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) reserved , (vii) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Loans are included on the Effective Date), (viii) (A) release the Borrower from its obligations under Article X or (B) release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender, or (ix) except as provided in clause (d) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral, without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.21 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender) and provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.06 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, the initial Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders (it being understood and agreed that any such amendment in connection with new or increases to the Commitments and or Incremental Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.20 shall require solely the consent of the parties prescribed by such Section and shall not require the consent of the Required Lenders). 
 (c) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the satisfaction of the Final Release Conditions, (ii) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than Swap Obligations not yet due and payable, Banking Services Obligations not yet due and payable, Unliquidated Obligations for which no claim has been made and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination), and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (iii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iv) constituting property leased to the Borrower or any Subsidiary under a lease 
 157 

which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (v) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII . Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral (except to the extent any of the foregoing constitutes Excluded Assets). In addition, each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, (i) to subordinate any Lien on any assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(e) or (ii) in the event that the Borrower shall have advised the Administrative Agent that, notwithstanding the use by the Borrower of commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such holder (but without the requirement to pay any sums to obtain such consent) to permit the Administrative Agent to retain its liens (on a subordinated basis as contemplated by clause (i) above), the holder of such other Indebtedness requires, as a condition to the extension of such credit, that the Liens on such assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document be released, to release the Administrative Agent s Liens on such assets. 
 (d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender and (iii) such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower or other applicable Loan Parties only, amend, modify or supplement this 
 158 

Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (i) to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document, (ii) to comply with local law or advice of local counsel in any jurisdiction the laws of which govern any Collateral Document or that are relevant to the creation, perfection, protection and or priority of any Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent or (iii) to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Limitation of Liability Indemnity, Etc . 
 (a) Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers (which shall be limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of a single firm as primary counsel, along with such specialist counsel as may reasonably be required by the Administrative Agent, and a single firm of local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction), in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (which shall be limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of a single firm as primary counsel to all such parties, along with such specialist counsel as may reasonably be required by the Administrative Agent, and a single firm of local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, for the Administrative Agent, and, in the event of an actual or reasonably perceived conflict of interest (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank or Lender), one additional firm of primary counsel for each group of similarly affected persons, and to the extent required, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses (subject to the foregoing limitations with respect to legal fees and expenses) incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Limitation of Liability . To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Borrower and any other Loan Party shall not assert, and the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet, any Approved Electronic Platform and any Approved Borrower Portal), other than any such claims for direct or actual damages that are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Lender-Related Person and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result 
 159 

of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that, nothing in this Section 9.03(b) shall relieve the Borrower or any other Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (c) Indemnity . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Co-Syndication Agent, each Co-Documentation Agent, the Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (which shall be limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of a single firm of primary counsel for all Indemnitees, along with such specialist counsel as may reasonably be required by the Administrative Agent, and a single firm of local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for all Indemnitees and, in the event of an actual or reasonably perceived conflict of interest (as reasonably determined by the applicable Indemnitee), one additional firm of counsel to each group of similarly affected Indemnitees and to the extent required, one firm or local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any act or omission of the Administrative Agent in connection with the administration of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (iv) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (v) any actual or prospective Proceeding in any jurisdiction relating to any of the foregoing (including in relation to enforcing the terms of the limitation of liability and indemnification referred to above), whether or not such Proceeding is brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted primarily from (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlled Related Parties in performing its activities or in furnishing its commitments or services under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (ii) a breach in bad faith by such Indemnitee or any of its Controlled Related Parties of its material obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or (iii) any dispute solely among Indemnitees (not arising from any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) other than claims against an Indemnitee acting in its capacity as, or in fulfilling its role as, the Administrative Agent, an Arranger, the Swingline Lender or an Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents). As used above, a Controlled Related Party of an Indemnitee means (1) any Controlling Person or Controlled Affiliate of such Indemnitee, (2) the respective directors, officers, or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or Controlled Affiliates and (3) the respective agents or representatives of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or Controlled Affiliates, in the case of this clause (3), acting at the instructions of such Indemnitee, Controlling Person or Controlled Affiliate provided that each reference to a Controlling 
 160 

Person, Controlled Affiliate, director, officer or employee in this sentence pertains to a Controlling Person, Controlled Affiliate, director, officer or employee involved in the arrangement, negotiation or syndication of the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. This Section 9.03(c) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (d) Lender Reimbursement . To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it under paragraph (a) or (c) of this Section 9.03, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, and each Lender severally agrees to pay to each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person ), as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Borrower s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof) provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the relevant Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the relevant Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (a) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of 
 (A) the Borrower provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received written notice thereof) provided , further, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent 
 161 

(C) the Issuing Banks provided that no consent of an Issuing Bank shall be required if (x) an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Borrower under Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) and (y) such Issuing Bank has no outstanding Letters of Credit at that time provided further that no consent of any Issuing Bank shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan and 
 (D) the Swingline Lender provided that no consent of the Swingline Lender shall be required if (x) an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Borrower under Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) and (y) such Swingline Lender has no outstanding Swingline Loans at that time provided further that no consent of the Swingline Lender shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the trade date set forth in the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis) shall not be less than 5,000,000 (in the case of Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans) or 1,000,000 (in the case of a Term Loan) unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. 
 162 

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (e) a Disqualified Institution. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(d), the Administrative Agent shall have no 
 163 

obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or Section 1.163-5(b) of the Proposed United States Treasury Regulations (or, in each case, any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 164 

(c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (d) Disqualified Institutions . 
 (i) No assignment or participation shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Institution as of the date (the Trade Date on which the assigning Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign or grant a participation in all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Borrower has consented to such assignment or participation in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such assignment or participation). For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee or Participant that becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a written supplement to the list of Disqualified Institutions referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Institution ), (x) such assignee or Participant shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender or Participant and (y) the execution by the Borrower of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Disqualified Institution. Any assignment or participation in violation of this clause (e)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (e) shall apply. 
 (ii) If any assignment or participation is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Borrower s prior written consent in violation of clause (i) above, or if any Person becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, require such Disqualified Institution to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.04), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution, the Borrower, any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries or any of the Borrower s Affiliates) at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Institutions to whom an assignment or participation is made in violation of clause (i) above (A) will not have the right to (x) receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Institution will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not 
 165 

Disqualified Institutions consented to such matter and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization, each Disqualified Institution party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such plan of reorganization, (2) if such Disqualified Institution does vote on such plan of reorganization notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other applicable laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan of reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other applicable laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to (A) post the list of Disqualified Institutions provided by the Borrower and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the DQ List on an Approved Electronic Platform, including that portion of such Approved Electronic Platform that is designated for public side Lenders and or (B) provide the DQ List to each Lender or potential Lender requesting the same. 
 (v) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any other Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, by any other Person to any Disqualified Institution. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may assign all or a portion of its Term Loans to any Purchasing Borrower Party in accordance with this Section 9.04(f) (which assignment shall not constitute a prepayment of Loans for any purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) provided that 
 (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, 
 (ii) such assignment shall be made pursuant to (i) a bona fide open market purchase on a non-pro rata basis for cash consideration or (ii) an Auction Purchase Offer open to all Lenders of the applicable Class conducted in accordance with the Auction Procedures 
 (iii) any Term Loans assigned to any Purchasing Borrower Party shall, without further action by any Person, be automatically and permanently cancelled for all purposes and no longer outstanding (and may not be resold by any Purchasing Borrower Party), it being understood and agreed that any gains or losses by any Purchasing Borrower Party upon purchase or acquisition and cancellation of such Term Loans shall not be taken into account in the calculation of Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA 
 (iv) in no event shall any Purchasing Borrower Party be entitled to vote hereunder in connection with the assigned Term Loans 
 166 

(v) no more than one (1) Auction Purchase Offer with respect to any Class may be ongoing at any one time, no more than four (4) Auction Purchase Offers (regardless of Class) may be made in any one year and any Auction Purchase Offer with respect to any Class shall be offered to all Term Lenders holding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis 
 (vi) no Purchasing Borrower Party may use the proceeds from Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans to purchase any Term Loans and 
 (vii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of the applicable Class shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans purchased pursuant to this Section 9.04(f) and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans of such Class shall be reduced pro rata by the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans purchased provided that any such assignment shall not constitute a voluntary or mandatory prepayment for any other purpose under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 In connection with any Term Loans assigned and cancelled pursuant to this Section 9.04(f), the Administrative Agent is authorized to make appropriate entries in the Register to reflect any such cancellation. Any payment made by any Purchasing Borrower Party in connection with an assignment permitted by this Section 9.04(f) shall not be subject to any of the pro rata payment or sharing requirements of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Administrative Agent shall not (a) be required to serve as the auction agent for, or have any other obligations to participate in (other than mechanical administrative duties), or to facilitate any, Dutch auction unless it is reasonably satisfied with the terms and restrictions of such auction or (b) have any obligation to participate in, arrange, sell or otherwise facilitate, and will have no liability in connection with, any open market purchases by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. Each Purchasing Borrower Party waives any rights to bring any action in connection with this Agreement against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such, including, without limitation, with respect to any duties or obligations or alleged duties or obligations of such agent under the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid (except for Unliquidated Obligations) or any Letter of Credit is outstanding (unless such Letter of Credit has been cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 167 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01(a)), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) agrees that the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any 
 168 

Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and or any other Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or the Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so setoff shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.21 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Secured Party relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Collateral or the consummation or administration of the 
 169 

transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (c) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall (i) affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction (ii) waive any statutory, regulatory, common law, or other rule, doctrine, legal restriction, provision or the like providing for the treatment of bank branches, bank agencies, or other bank offices as if they were separate juridical entities for certain purposes, including Uniform Commercial Code Sections 4-106, 4-A-105(1)(b), and 5-116(b), UCP 600 Article 3 and ISP98 Rule 2.02, and URDG 758 Article 3(a), or (iii) affect which courts have or do not have personal jurisdiction over the issuing bank or beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any advising bank, nominated bank or assignee of proceeds thereunder or proper venue with respect to any litigation arising out of or relating to such Letter of Credit with, or affecting the rights of, any Person not a party to this Agreement, whether or not such Letter of Credit contains its own jurisdiction submission clause. 
 (d) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (e) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED 
 170 

TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential) provided that the disclosing Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or Lender, as applicable, shall be responsible for compliance by such Persons with the provisions of this Section 9.12, (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) purporting to have jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank, the applicable Lender or its or their applicable Affiliates, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (provided that the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, agrees that it will, to the extent practicable and other than with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, notify the Borrower promptly thereof, unless such notification is prohibited by law, rule or regulation), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (1) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (it being understood that the DQ List may be disclosed to any assignee or Participant, or prospective assignee or Participant, in reliance on this clause (f) subject to such agreement), (2) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations or (3) to any potential or actual insurer or reinsurer in connection with providing insurance, reinsurance or credit risk mitigation coverage under which payments are to be made or may be made by reference to this Agreement, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the prior written consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization 
 171 

(any such entity, a Regulatory Authority to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority. 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies each Borrower and each other Loan Party that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the such Borrower or such Loan Party, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number of such Borrower and such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Borrower and such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 
 SECTION 9.14. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors . 
 (a) A Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary, or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (other than as a result of clause (f) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. Upon any sale or other disposition (other than any lease or license) by any Loan Party (other than to the Borrower or any Loan Party) of any Collateral in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or if the Person owning such Collateral shall cease to be a Loan Party, or upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest created under any Collateral Document in any Collateral pursuant to Section 9.02, the security interests in such Collateral created by the Collateral Documents shall be automatically released. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section (including pursuant to clause (b) or (c) below), the 
 172 

Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent except as may otherwise be expressly agreed in writing by the Administrative Agent and such Loan Party. 
 (b) Further, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Borrower, release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if (i) such Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a Material Domestic Subsidiary, or is otherwise not required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to be a Subsidiary Guarantor or (ii) such release is approved, authorized or ratified by the requisite Lenders pursuant to Section 9.02. 
 (c) At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Secured Obligations (other than Swap Obligations not yet due and payable, Banking Services Obligations not yet due and payable, Unliquidated Obligations for which no claim has been made and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) shall have been paid in full in cash, the Commitments shall have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding (or any outstanding Letters of Credit shall have been cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) (the foregoing, collectively, the Final Release Conditions ), the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 
 SECTION 9.15. Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 
 SECTION 9.16. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the applicable Overnight Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 9.17. No Fiduciary Duty, etc . 
 173 

(a) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 
 (b) The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and other companies with which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 (c) In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its Affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 174 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 SECTION 9.20. Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the 
 175 

Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
 SECTION 9.21. Restrictions on Certain Amendments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (a) (1) no amendment, modification or waiver to this Agreement shall (i) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.21(a) without the written consent of each Lender or (ii) without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, (x) subordinate the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, or (y) subordinate the Liens securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness, and (2) any amendment or waiver that by its terms affects the rights or duties of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Class (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Class) will require only the requisite percentage in interest of the affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders (b) no Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make Loans or issue Letters of Credit, as applicable, in a currency other than an Agreed Currency (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) without its consent, and (c) (1) no amendment, modification or waiver to this Agreement shall (i) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.21(c) or the definition of Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Revolving Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder with respect to the Revolving Facility without the written consent of each Revolving Lender and (2) prior to the repayment in full of all Revolving Loans and termination of all Revolving Commitments, only the Required Revolving Lenders may (w) amend, waive or otherwise modify any condition set forth in Section 4.02 in respect of any Revolving Loans or Letters of Credit, (x) amend or otherwise modify Section 6.12 or, solely for purposes of Section 6.12, the defined terms used, directly or indirectly, therein, or (y) waive any noncompliance with Section 6.12 or any Event of Default resulting from any such noncompliance, and in each case they may do so without the consent of any other Lender. 
 ARTICLE X Borrower Guarantee 
 In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the Borrower hereby absolutely and irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the payment when and as due of the Specified Ancillary Obligations of the Subsidiaries. The Borrower further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Specified Ancillary Obligation. 
 176 

The Borrower waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any Subsidiary of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Subsidiary under the provisions of any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement or otherwise (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of the Specified Ancillary Obligations (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations (e) the failure of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, any security or collateral for the Specified Ancillary Obligations, if any (f) any change in the corporate, partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Subsidiary or any other guarantor of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations (g) the enforceability or validity of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Specified Ancillary Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Subsidiary or any other guarantor of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Subsidiary or any other guarantor of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of the Borrower to subrogation, in each case, other than payment in full in cash of all Specified Ancillary Obligations or satisfaction otherwise of the Final Release Conditions. 
 The Borrower further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person. 
 The obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or otherwise. 
 The Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Specified Ancillary Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Specified Ancillary Obligation (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Subsidiary or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Specified Ancillary Obligations in its discretion). 
 177 

In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) may have at law or in equity against the Borrower by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any Subsidiary to pay any Specified Ancillary Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Borrower hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to such applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of such Specified Ancillary Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Borrower further agrees that if payment in respect of any Specified Ancillary Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other officer, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the applicable Lender for such currency and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), disadvantageous to such applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in any material respect, then, at the election of such applicable Lender, the Borrower shall make payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligation in Dollars (based upon the Dollar Equivalent of such Specified Ancillary Obligation on the date of payment) and or in New York, Chicago or such other payment office as is designated by such applicable Lender (or its Affiliate) and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify such applicable Lender (and any of its Affiliates) against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 
 Upon payment by the Borrower of any sums as provided above, all rights of the Borrower against any Subsidiary arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Specified Ancillary Obligations owed by such Subsidiary to the applicable Lender (or its applicable Affiliates). 
 The Borrower hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Subsidiary Guarantor to honor all of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty in respect of Specified Swap Obligations (provided, however, that the Borrower shall only be liable under this paragraph for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this paragraph or otherwise under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The Borrower intends that this paragraph constitute, and this paragraph shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each Subsidiary Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of the Borrower hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Secured Obligations. 
 Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted 

178 

Annex B 
 Attached. 

FORM OF LIQUIDITY REPORTING CERTIFICATE 
 To The Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Revolving Lender) under the Credit Agreement described below 
 This Liquidity Reporting Certificate (this Certificate is furnished pursuant to Section 6.12(d)(i) of that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among ModivCare Inc., the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 By executing this Certificate, the undersigned hereby certifies to the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders, on behalf of Borrower (and not in any individual capacity), that 
 1. I am the duly elected and acting Financial Officer of the Borrower, and I am authorized to deliver this Certificate on behalf of the Borrower 
 2. I have reviewed the provisions of the Credit Agreement that are relevant to furnishing this Certificate and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, reasonably detailed calculations of the Liquidity of the Borrower as of insert last day of the applicable month and 
 3. Schedule 1 attached hereto sets forth reasonably detailed calculations of the Borrower s Liquidity, which calculations are true and correct , and the Borrower is is not in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.12(c) of the Credit Agreement in respect of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 1 . 
 The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule 1 hereto in support hereof, are made and delivered this ____ day of __________________, 20____. 
 
 MODIVCARE INC. 
 By Name Title 
 
 1 NTD Insert this language solely for reporting in respect of 12 31 24 and in respect of 3 31 25 
 US-DOCS 154246626.3 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Liquidity Calculation as of _________, ____ 

CONSENT AND REAFFIRMATION 
 Each of the undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the foregoing Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement by and among ModivCare Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), which Amendment No. 4 is dated as of September 30, 2024 (the Amendment ). Capitalized terms used in this Consent and Reaffirmation and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. The Subsidiary Guarantors are co-obligors for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and fully liable for all Obligations under the Credit Agreement. Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, each of the undersigned consents to the Amendment and reaffirms the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by it and acknowledges and agrees that such Credit Agreement and each and every such Loan Document executed by the undersigned in connection with the Credit Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. Each of the undersigned acknowledges and agrees to and confirms all releases, discharges and covenants of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 5 of the Amendment, and all other agreements of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 5 of the Amendment, and each of the undersigned agrees that Section 5 of the Amendment is incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis , and shall have the same force and effect with respect to this Consent and Reaffirmation as if originally set forth herein. All references to the Credit Agreement contained herein and in the above-referenced documents shall be a reference to the Credit Agreement as so modified by the Amendment. 
 Dated September 30, 2024 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

CIRCULATION, INC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

PROVADO TECHNOLOGIES, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

NATIONAL MEDTRANS, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

CALIFORNIA MEDTRANS NETWORK MSO LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

CALIFORNIA MEDTRANS NETWORK IPA LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

FLORIDA MEDTRANS NETWORK MSO LLC 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

FLORIDA MEDTRANS NETWORK LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

METROPOLITAN MEDICAL TRANSPORTATION IPA, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

TRIMED LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

HEALTH TRANS, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

RED TOP TRANSPORTATION, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

RIDE PLUS, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

SOCRATES HEALTH HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

OEP AM, INC. 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

AM INTERMEDIATE HOLDCO, INC. 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

AM HOLDCO, INC. 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ALL METRO HEALTH CARE SERVICES, INC. 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ALL METRO MANAGEMENT. AND PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ALL METRO HOME CARE SERVICES, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

ALL METRO HOME CARE SERVICES OF NEW YORK, INC. 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

CGA HOLDCO, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

CAREGIVERS AMERICA, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ARSENS HOME CARE INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

HELPING HAND HOME HEALTH CARE AGENCY, INC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

MULTICULTURAL HOME CARE INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

A & B HOME CARE SOLUTIONS, L.L.C. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

CARE FINDERS TOTAL CARE LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

VICTORY HEALTH HOLDINGS, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

VRI INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

VALUED RELATIONSHIPS, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

AT-HOME QUALITY CARE, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

PHILADELPHIA HOME CARE AGENCY, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

UNION HOME CARE, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

A.E. MEDICAL ALERT, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ASSOCIATED HOME SERVICES, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

BARNEY S MEDICAL ALERT-ERS, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

NEW ENGLAND EMERGENCY RESPONSE SYSTEMS, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

SAFE LIVING TECHNOLOGIES, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

HEALTHCOM HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

GUARDIAN MEDICAL MONITORING, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

MODIVCARE SOLUTIONS, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

AUDITORY RESPONSE SYSTEMS, INC. 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

HIGI SH HOLDINGS INC. 
 
 By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

HIGI SH LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ALL METRO ASSOCIATE PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

ALL METRO CGA PAYROLL SERVICES CORPORATION 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

HIGI CARE, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

HIGI CARE HOLDINGS, LLC 

By s L. Heath Sampson 
 Name L. Heath Sampson 
 Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation 
 ModivCare Inc. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311-modvq39302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, L. Heath Sampson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ModivCare Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 s L. Heath Sampson L. Heath Sampson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312-modvq39302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Barbara Gutierrez, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ModivCare Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 s Barbara Gutierrez Barbara Gutierrez 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321-modvq39302024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 MODIVCARE INC. 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of ModivCare Inc. ModivCare or the Company does hereby certify with respect to the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report that, to the best of such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 s L. Heath Sampson L. Heath Sampson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322-modvq39302024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 MODIVCARE INC. 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of ModivCare Inc. ModivCare or the Company does hereby certify with respect to the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report that, to the best of such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 s Barbara Gutierrez Barbara Gutierrez 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 modv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 modv-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 modv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 modv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 modv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

