<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1958140_0001558370-24-014717.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7485335</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102213</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1166573</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2465803</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1431180</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2152609</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014717.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106195309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014717
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001958140
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				921284827
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41746
		FILM NUMBER:		241432685

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		755 BATTERY AVENUE SE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4046142300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		755 BATTERY AVENUE SE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014717.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 batra-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No The number of outstanding shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. common stock as of October 31, 2024 was: 

Series A Series B Series C Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. common stock 

Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents 

Part I Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements I-3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) I-3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) I-5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) (unaudited) I-6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) I-7 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited) I-8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) I-10 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations I-26 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk I-34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures I-34 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings II-1 Item 1A. Risk Factors II-1 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds II-2 Item 5. Other Information II-2 Item 6. Exhibits II-3 SIGNATURES II-4 

 I-2 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, at cost (note 3) Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method (note 4) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Goodwill Franchise rights Other assets, net Total assets See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-3 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued) (unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 amounts in thousands, except share amounts Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue and refundable tickets Current portion of debt (note 5) Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt (note 5) Finance lease liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Pension liability Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Equity: Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Series A common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Series B common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Series C common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes ) ) Retained earnings (deficit) ) ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries Total equity Commitments and contingencies (note 7) Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-4 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 amounts in thousands, except per share amounts Revenue: Baseball revenue Mixed-Use Development revenue Total revenue Operating costs and expenses: Baseball operating costs Mixed-Use Development costs Selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net (note 4) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interests, net ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) Other, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Basic net earnings (loss) attributable to Series A, Series B and Series C Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. shareholders per common share (note 2) ) ) ) Diluted net earnings (loss) attributable to Series A, Series B and Series C Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. shareholders per common share (note 2) ) ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-5 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) (unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax: Unrealized holdings gains (loss) arising during the period ) ) ) ) Share of other comprehensive earnings (loss) of affiliates ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-6 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Share of (earnings) losses of affiliates, net ) ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on intergroup interests, net Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Cash receipts from returns on equity method investments Net cash received (paid) for interest rate swaps Other charges (credits), net ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Current and other assets ) ) Payables and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expended for property and equipment ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) Contribution from noncontrolling interest Other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure to the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: Property and equipment expenditures incurred but not yet paid The following table reconciles cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in our condensed consolidated balance sheets to the total amount presented in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-7 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited) 

Accumulated other Noncontrolling Additional comprehensive Retained interests Preferred Common Stock paid-in earnings earnings in equity of Total Stock Series A Series B Series C capital (loss) (deficit) subsidiaries equity amounts in thousands Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Accumulated other Noncontrolling Additional comprehensive Retained interests Preferred Common Stock paid-in earnings earnings in equity of Total Stock Series A Series B Series C capital (loss) (deficit) subsidiaries equity amounts in thousands Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 I-8 

Table of Contents 
 ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (continued) (unaudited) 

Accumulated other Noncontrolling Former Additional comprehensive Retained interests Preferred Common Stock parent's paid-in earnings earnings in equity of Total Stock Series A Series B Series C investment capital (loss) (deficit) subsidiaries equity amounts in thousands Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) Stock-based compensation Change in capitalization in connection with Atlanta Braves Holdings Split-Off ) Tax sharing adjustment with Former parent ) ) Contribution from noncontrolling interest Settlement of intergroup interest Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

Accumulated other Noncontrolling Former Additional comprehensive Retained interests Preferred Common Stock parent's paid-in earnings earnings in equity of Total Stock Series A Series B Series C investment capital (loss) (deficit) subsidiaries equity amounts in thousands Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) Stock-based compensation Change in capitalization in connection with Atlanta Braves Holdings Split-Off ) Contribution from noncontrolling interest Settlement of intergroup interest Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-9 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 share of the corresponding series of common stock of a newly formed entity, Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. (the Split-Off ). The Split-Off was completed on July 18, 2023 and was intended to be tax-free to holders of Liberty Braves common stock. In September 2024, the Internal Revenue Service completed its review of the Split-Off and notified Liberty that it agreed with the non-taxable characterization of the transaction. Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. Atlanta Braves Holdings is comprised of the businesses, assets and liabilities previously attributed to the Liberty Braves Group Braves Group ), which, as of September 30, 2024, included Atlanta Braves Holdings wholly-owned subsidiary Braves Holdings, LLC Braves Holdings and corporate cash. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements represent the combination of the historical financial information of the Braves Group until the date of the Split-Off. Although Atlanta Braves Holdings was reported as a combined company until the date of the Split-Off, all periods reported herein are referred to as consolidated. These financial statements refer to the consolidation of Braves Holdings, cash and intergroup interests in the Braves Group (prior to settlement/extinguishment) as "Atlanta Braves Holdings," "the Company," "us," "we" and "our" in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Split-Off was accounted for at historical cost due to the pro rata nature of the distribution to holders of Liberty Braves common stock. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the condensed consolidated financial statements. The accompanying (a) condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, which has been derived from audited financial statements, and (b) the interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") for interim financial information and Article 10 of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results for such periods have been included. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. Additionally, certain prior period amounts have been reclassified for comparability with current period presentation. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in Atlanta Braves Holdings Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company considers (i) fair value measurements of non-financial instruments and (ii) accounting for income taxes to be its most significant estimates. Description of Business Braves Holdings indirectly owns the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Club ANLBC, the Atlanta Braves, the Braves, the club, or the team ). ANLBC s ballpark Truist Park or the Stadium ), is located in Cobb County, a suburb of Atlanta, and is leased from Cobb County, Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority. Braves Holdings, through affiliated entities and third party development partners, has developed a significant portion of the land around Truist Park for a mixed-use development that features retail, office, hotel and entertainment opportunities (the Mixed-Use Development ). 

 I-10 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 other Major League baseball clubs are collectively referred to as the Clubs. The Office of the Commissioner of Baseball (the BOC is an unincorporated association also doing business as Major League Baseball MLB and has as its members the Clubs. The Clubs are bound by the terms and provisions of the Major League Constitution and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder as well as a series of other agreements and arrangements that govern the operation and management of a Club, which among other things, require each Club to comply with limitations on the amount of debt a Club can incur, revenue sharing arrangements with the other Clubs, commercial arrangements with regard to the national broadcasting of its games and other programming and commercial arrangements relating to the use of its intellectual property. Split-Off of Atlanta Braves Holdings from Liberty Prior to the Split-Off, a portion of Liberty s general and administrative expenses, including legal, tax, accounting, treasury, information technology, cybersecurity and investor relations support was allocated to the Braves Group each reporting period based on an estimate of time spent. The Braves Group paid million during 2023 prior to the Split-Off for such expenses. Prior to the Split-Off, the Liberty Formula One Group (the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group held intergroup interests in the Braves Group. The intergroup interests represented quasi-equity interests which were not represented by outstanding shares of common stock; rather, the Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group had attributed interests in the Braves Group, which were generally stated in terms of a number of shares of Liberty Braves common stock. As of December 31, 2022, notional shares represented an intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Formula One Group and notional shares represented a intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Historically, Liberty assumed that the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Formula One Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series C Liberty Braves common stock and that the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Liberty SiriusXM Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series A Liberty Braves common stock. Therefore, the market prices of Series C Liberty Braves and Series A Liberty Braves common stock were used for the mark-to-market adjustment for the intergroup interests held by the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group, respectively, through the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the second quarter of 2023, Liberty determined that, in connection with the Split-Off, shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock would be used to settle and extinguish the intergroup interest in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Accordingly, effective as of June 30, 2023 and through the Split-Off date, the market price of Series C Liberty Braves common stock was used for the mark-to-market adjustment for the intergroup interest held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group. The intergroup interests in the Braves Group remaining immediately prior to the Split-Off were settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off through the attribution, to the respective tracking stock group, of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock on a -for-one basis equal to the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest. Following the Split-Off and subsequent Liberty Media Exchange (as defined below), Liberty and Atlanta Braves Holdings operate as separate, publicly traded companies and neither has any continuing stock ownership, beneficial or otherwise, in the other. Liberty owned shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock following the Split-Off. In November 2023, Liberty exchanged shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock with a third party in satisfaction of certain of Liberty s debt obligations and an affiliate of such third party then sold the shares in a secondary public offering (the Liberty Media Exchange ). Atlanta Braves Holdings did not receive any of the proceeds from the Liberty Media Exchange. 

 I-11 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 for Atlanta Braves Holdings during the period from July 18, 2023 to December 31, 2023 and was during the period from January 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024, when the Corporate Governance Transition (as defined below) occurred. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement with Liberty, Atlanta Braves Holdings registered the shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock that were issued to Liberty in settlement and extinguishment of the intergroup interest in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and then exchanged by Liberty with a third party in satisfaction of certain debt obligations. Under these various agreements, amounts reimbursable to Liberty aggregated million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 after the Split-Off. Related Party Transactions and Change in Corporate Governance On August 21, 2024, Terence F. McGuirk McGuirk ), Chairman and CEO of Braves Holdings, LLC, entered into certain shareholder arrangements with Dr. John Malone Malone ), pursuant to which Malone has granted McGuirk a proxy (the Malone Voting Agreement to vote shares of the Company s Series B Common Stock owned by Malone, representing of the Company s outstanding voting power, on director elections, the approval or authorization of executive compensation and other routine matters. Malone has also granted McGuirk a right of first refusal with respect to future transfers of the Company shares beneficially owned by Malone as well as certain appreciation rights with respect to the value of Malone s shares of Series B Common Stock. The execution of the Malone Voting Agreement constituted a Change in Control of the Company as defined in Gregory B. Maffei s Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 13, 2019, by and between Mr. Maffei and Liberty. As a result, on August 21, 2024, Mr. Maffei notified the Company of his resignation as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and a director of the Company effective August 31, 2024. Mr. Maffei s separation from employment with the Company was for Good Reason within the meaning of his Executive Employment Agreement. Additionally, Atlanta Braves Holdings and Liberty have begun transitioning various general and administrative services currently provided by Liberty to the management of Atlanta Braves Holdings, including legal, tax, accounting, treasury, information technology, cybersecurity and investor relations support. As part of that transition, the 

 I-12 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 potential common shares excluded from diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that would have been antidilutive. Excluded from diluted EPS for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are thousand potential common shares because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. Potentially dilutive shares (1) Diluted WASO 

 (1) Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS during periods in which losses are reported since the result would be antidilutive. 

 I-13 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Buildings and improvements - Leasehold improvements - Furniture and equipment - Construction in progress NA Property and equipment, at cost Depreciation expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. BELP Other Total The following table presents the Company s share of earnings (losses) of affiliates: BELP Other Total 

 I-14 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 owners of the Clubs, whereby each Club agreed to cede substantially all of its individual Club internet and interactive media rights to MLBAM for an indirect interest in MLBAM. The Company s investment in MLBAM is considered an equity method investment as the investment is in a limited partnership where significant influence is generally presumed to exist. At the time of the acquisition of ANLBC by a predecessor of Liberty in 2007, the fair value of the MLBAM investment exceeded ANLBC s proportionate share of MLBAM s net assets, resulting in excess basis in the investment in MLBAM. The excess basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was indefinite lived and aggregated approximately million. BELP Baseball Endowment, L.P. BELP is an investment fund formed by the Clubs principally for the purpose of investing, on a long-term basis, assets on their behalf intended to provide a competitive market rate investment return while minimizing investment volatility. The Company s investment in BELP is considered an equity method investment as the investment is in a limited partnership where significant influence is generally presumed to exist. The Company records its share of BELP s earnings (losses) on a lag. Other Affiliates Braves Holdings has interests in joint ventures that were formed to develop, own and operate hotels in the Mixed-Use Development. The equity method of accounting is applied to these investments as Braves Holdings does not have the ability to direct the most significant activities that impact their economic performance. In addition, Braves Holdings records its share of the earnings (losses) of these investments on a lag. MLB facility fund revolver TeamCo revolver Term debt Mixed-Use Development Credit facilities Term debt Deferred financing costs ) ) Total debt Debt classified as current ) ) Total long-term debt 

 I-15 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million as of September 30, 2024. The commitment termination date of the revolving credit facility under the LWCF, which is the repayment date for all amounts borrowed under such revolving credit facility, is July 10, 2026. Under the LWCF, the Club Trust can request a revolving credit advance in the form of a Eurodollar or Base Rate loan. Each loan bears interest on the unpaid principal amount from the date made through maturity at a rate determined by the Eurodollar or Base Rate, plus an applicable margin. The interest rate of a Eurodollar loan was plus a margin of to , based on the credit rating of Major League Baseball Trust. The interest rate of a loan was the greater of (x) the plus , (y) the prevailing Prime, and (z) plus , plus a margin of to , based on the credit rating of Major League Baseball Trust. Beginning in May 2022, interest based on LIBOR under the LWCF was replaced with interest based on the SOFR plus . Borrowings outstanding under the LWCF bore interest at a rate of per annum as of September 30, 2024. The LWCF also has a commitment fee equal to per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolving credit facility. MLB Facility Fund In December 2017, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings executed various agreements to enter into the MLB Facility Fund (the MLBFF ). Braves Holdings also established a special purpose Delaware limited liability company, Braves Facility Fund LLC Braves Facility Fund ), and transferred to Braves Facility Fund its rights to receive distributions from the Club Trust, which secure borrowings under the MLBFF. Pursuant to the terms of an indenture, a credit agreement and certain note purchase agreements, Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC may borrow from certain lenders. Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC then uses the proceeds of such borrowings to provide loans to each of the participating Clubs. Amounts advanced pursuant to the MLBFF are available to fund ballpark and other baseball-related real property improvements, renovations and/or new construction. Term In June 2020, Braves Facility Fund converted previous borrowings under a revolving credit advance to a million term note with Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC (the MLB facility fund term ). Interest is payable on June 10 and December 10 of each year at an annual rate of . In each of December 2029 and 2030 , million of the term note matures. Revolver In May 2021, Braves Facility Fund established a revolving credit commitment with Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC (the MLB facility fund revolver ). The maximum amount available to Braves Facility Fund under 

 I-16 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million as of September 30, 2024. The commitment termination date, which is the repayment date for all amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility of the MLBFF, is July 10, 2026. Under a credit agreement, Braves Facility Fund can request a revolving credit advance in the form of a Eurodollar or Base Rate loan. Each loan bears interest on the unpaid principal amount from the date made through maturity at a rate determined by a Eurodollar or Base Rate, plus an applicable margin. The interest rate of a Eurodollar loan was plus a margin of to , based on the credit rating of Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC. The interest rate of a loan was the greater of (x) the plus , (y) the prevailing Prime rate, and (z) plus , plus a margin of to , based on the credit rating of Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC. Beginning in May 2022, interest based on LIBOR under the MLB facility fund revolver was replaced with interest based on the plus . Borrowings outstanding under the MLB facility fund revolver bore interest at a rate of per annum as of September 30, 2024. The MLB facility fund revolver also has a commitment fee equal to per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolver. TeamCo Revolver In September 2016, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings amended a revolving credit agreement (the TeamCo Revolver that provided for revolving commitments of million. Under the agreement, Braves Holdings can request a revolving credit loan in the form of a Eurodollar or Base Rate loan. Each loan bears interest on the unpaid principal amount from the date made through maturity at a rate determined by a Eurodollar or Base Rate, plus an applicable margin. The interest rate of a loan was the greater of (x) the prevailing Prime rate, (y) the prevailing plus , and (z) plus , plus a margin of . In August 2022, the TeamCo Revolver was amended, increasing the borrowing capacity to million, extending the maturity to August 2029 and replacing the LIBOR interest rate with SOFR. Borrowings outstanding under the TeamCo Revolver bore interest at a rate of and had availability of million as of September 30, 2024. The TeamCo Revolver also has a commitment fee of per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolving loans. Under the TeamCo Revolver, Braves Holdings must maintain certain financial covenants, including a fixed-charge coverage ratio and total enterprise indebtedness. Baseball Term Debt In August 2016, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings entered into a senior secured permanent placement note purchase agreement for million (the Note Purchase Agreement ). The notes bear interest at per annum and are scheduled to mature in September 2041. Braves Holdings makes principal and interest payments of million each March 30 and September 30. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Braves Holdings had borrowings of million and million under the Note Purchase Agreement, respectively, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. Additionally, Braves Holdings must maintain certain financial covenants, including debt service coverage ratios. Mixed-Use Development Credit Facilities In August 2016, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings entered into a million construction loan agreement that matures in November 2024. The proceeds were primarily used to pay the construction costs of an entertainment building adjacent to the Stadium, as well as assist with phase II construction of the Mixed-Use Development. Interest accrues monthly at per annum. Beginning December 15, 2020 and on each month thereafter, Braves Holdings makes principal and interest payments of thousand. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Braves Holdings had borrowings outstanding of million and million, respectively, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. In December 2022, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings entered into a million construction loan agreement that has an initial maturity date of December 2026. The proceeds of the construction loan agreement will be used to pay 

 I-17 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 plus per annum (subject to a reduction to per annum if certain conditions are met). Borrowings outstanding under the construction loan bore interest at a rate of as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Braves Holdings had borrowings outstanding of million and million, respectively, under the construction loan, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. Under the construction loans, Braves Holdings must maintain certain financial covenants, including a debt yield ratio. Mixed-Use Development Term Debt In May 2018, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings refinanced a construction loan with a million term loan agreement (the Term Loan Agreement ). The Term Loan Agreement bore interest at plus per annum and is scheduled to mature on May 18, 2025. The full principal amount will be due at maturity. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Braves Holdings had borrowings of million and million, respectively, under the Term Loan Agreement, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. In April 2023, the Term Loan Agreement was amended to change the reference rate on borrowings to daily simple SOFR. In June 2022, subsidiaries of Braves Holdings refinanced a construction loan agreement that was used to construct an office building within the Mixed-Use Development with a new term loan facility with million in commitments, approximately million of which is not available for borrowing as of September 30, 2024, but is expected to be available once certain conditions are met. The term loan agreement bears interest at plus per annum and is scheduled to mature on June 13, 2027. Borrowings outstanding under the term loan bore interest at a rate of as of September 30, 2024. Approximately million of annual principal payments commenced in July 2024. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Braves Holdings had borrowings outstanding of million and million, respectively, under the term loan facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. In May 2023, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings refinanced an million construction loan agreement that was used to construct the retail portion of the Mixed-Use Development with a new term loan with million in commitments, approximately million of which is not available for borrowing as of September 30, 2024, but is expected to be available once certain conditions are met. The term loan agreement bears interest at daily simple plus per annum and is scheduled to mature on May 18, 2028. Approximately million of annual principal payments commence in June 2026. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Braves Holdings had borrowings outstanding of million and million, respectively, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. Fair Value of Debt The Company believes that the carrying amount of its debt with variable rates approximates fair value at September 30, 2024. Other fixed rate debt is considered to be carried at approximate fair value with the exception of the senior secured permanent placement notes, which was estimated to be approximately million as of September 30, 2024, based on current U.S. treasury rates for similar financial instruments. Interest Rate Swaps (Level 2) In May 2018, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings entered into an interest rate swap agreement with Truist Bank for a notional amount of million, maturing on May 5, 2025. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the interest rate swap was an asset of million and million, respectively. 

 I-18 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million, that matured on March 8, 2023. Effective April 1, 2020, the notional amount began at million and increased over time to million as of August 1, 2020. In May 2022, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings entered into an interest rate swap agreement with Truist Bank for a notional amount of million, maturing on June 1, 2025. Effective March 2023, the notional amount began at million and decreased in June 2024 to million. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the interest rate swap was an asset of million and million, respectively. In June 2023, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings entered into an interest rate swap agreement with Truist Bank for a notional amount of million, maturing on May 18, 2028. The interest rate swap became effective in June 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the interest rate swap was a liability of thousand and thousand, respectively. Interest rate swaps are included within other current assets and other noncurrent liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and other assets and other noncurrent liabilities as of December 31, 2023 in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded to realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Incentive Plans Prior to the Split-Off and pursuant to the Liberty Media Corporation 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan, Liberty granted to certain of its directors, employees and employees of its subsidiaries, restricted stock RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs and stock options to purchase shares of Liberty Braves common stock (collectively, Awards ). At the time of the Split-Off, the Awards were exchanged into RSAs, RSUs and stock options to purchase shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock. Subsequent to the Split-Off, the Company can grant, to certain of its directors, employees and employees of its subsidiaries, RSAs, RSUs and stock options to purchase shares of its common stock, under the Atlanta Braves Holdings 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan and may grant Awards in respect of a maximum of million shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock. Awards generally vest over - years and have a term of - years. The Company issues new shares upon exercise or settlement, as applicable, of Awards. The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an equity classified Award (such as RSAs, RSUs and stock options) based on the grant-date fair value GDFV of the Award, and recognizes that cost over the period during which the employee is required to provide service (usually the vesting period of the Award). The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for a liability classified Award based on the current fair value of the Award, and remeasures the fair value of the Award at each reporting date. 

 I-19 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 thousand performance-based RSUs of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock to the Liberty Chief Executive Officer in March 2024. Such RSUs had a GDFV of per share. In August 2024, and in connection with the Corporate Governance Transition, such RSUs were vested in full as to the target number of shares underlying such RSUs. The Company has calculated the GDFV for all of its equity classified Awards using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The Company estimates the expected term of the options based on historical exercise and forfeiture data. The volatility used in the calculation for Awards is based on the historical volatility of Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock (and previously, Liberty Braves common stock). The Company uses a dividend rate and the risk-free rate for Treasury Bonds with a term similar to that of the subject options. Outstanding Awards The following table presents the number and weighted average exercise price WAEP of options to purchase Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock granted to certain officers, employees and directors, as well as the weighted average remaining life and aggregate intrinsic value of the options. Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding at September 30, 2024 years Exercisable at September 30, 2024 years As of September 30, 2024, there were outstanding Series A or Series B options to purchase shares of Series A or Series B Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock. As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Atlanta Braves Holdings Awards was approximately million. Such amount will be recognized in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, million shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock were reserved by the Company for issuance under exercise privileges of outstanding stock options. Exercises The aggregate intrinsic value of all Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

 I-20 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 thousand unvested RSUs of Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock held by certain directors, officers and employees of the Company as of September 30, 2024. These Series C unvested RSUs of Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock had a weighted average GDFV of per share. The aggregate fair value of all RSAs and RSUs of Atlanta Braves Holdings common stock that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. of the Company s labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. There are components of the revenue sharing plan that each Club is subject to under the CBA: a straight base revenue pool (the Pool and the Commissioner Discretionary Fund. The size of the Pool is equal to the total amount transferred if each Club contributed of its prior years net defined local revenue NDLR ). The contributions per Club are based on a composite of the prior NDLR and funds are distributed equally to all Clubs. Certain Clubs are disqualified from revenue sharing from the Pool based on market size. Club submissions of NDLR are subject to audit by the MLB Revenue Sharing Administrator and are subject to rules issued by the MLB Revenue Sharing Definitions Committee. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Braves Holdings incurred million and million, respectively, in revenue sharing, which is included as an expense within baseball operating costs in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Employment Contracts Long-term employment contracts provide for, among other items, annual compensation for certain players (current and former) and other employees. As of September 30, 2024, amounts payable annually under such contracts aggregated million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028 and million, combined, thereafter. Additionally, these contracts may include incentive compensation (although certain incentive compensation awards cannot be earned by more than one player per season). Subsequent to September 30, 2024, Braves Holdings entered into certain assignment agreements with long-term employment contracts which increased amounts payable by approximately million and is anticipated to be paid through 2027 according to the terms of such contracts, excluding any incentive compensation. 

 I-21 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million, the amount remitted to ANLBC during the preference 

 I-22 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. In addition, a Chapter 7 trustee may reject the Braves Broadcast Agreement which would relieve the Debtors bankruptcy estate from its obligations under the agreement. To date and throughout the Chapter 11 Proceeding, ANLBC has received all scheduled payments in accordance with the Braves Broadcast Agreement. Litigation Braves Holdings, along with the BOC and other MLB affiliates, has been named in a number of lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. Although it is reasonably possible the Company may incur losses upon conclusion of such matters, an estimate of any loss or range of loss cannot be made. In the opinion of management, it is expected that amounts, if any, which may be required to satisfy such contingencies will not be material in relation to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 I-23 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Broadcasting Retail and licensing Other Total Baseball Mixed-Use Development Total revenue When consideration is received from a customer prior to transferring services to the customer under the terms of a contract, deferred revenue is recorded. The primary source of the Company s deferred revenue relates to suite and season ticket arrangements, as well as certain sponsorship arrangements. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when, or as, control of the products or services are transferred to the customer and all revenue recognition criteria have been met. The Company had long-term deferred revenue of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were included in other noncurrent liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of revenue that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the respective year. Significant portions of the transaction prices for Braves Holdings are related to undelivered performance obligations that are under contractual arrangements that extend beyond one year. The Company anticipates recognizing revenue from the delivery of such performance obligations of approximately million for the remainder of 2024 , million in 2025 , million in 2026 , million in 2027 through 2031, and million thereafter, primarily recognized through 2041. We have not included any amounts in the undelivered performance obligations amounts for those performance obligations that relate to a contract with an original expected duration of one year or less. For segment reporting purposes, the Company defines Adjusted OIBDA as revenue less operating expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses excluding all stock-based compensation, separately reported litigation settlements and restructuring, acquisition and impairment charges. The Company believes this measure is an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of its businesses, by identifying those items that are not directly a reflection of each business performance or indicative of ongoing business trends. In addition, this measure allows management to view operating results and perform analytical comparisons and benchmarking between businesses and identify strategies to improve performance. This measure of performance excludes depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, separately reported litigation settlements, restructuring, acquisition and impairment charges that are included in the measurement of operating income pursuant to GAAP. Accordingly, Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, operating income (loss), net earnings (loss), cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities and other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

 I-24 

Table of Contents ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Mixed-Use Development Corporate and Other ) ) ) ) Total Other Information Mixed-Use Development Corporate and other Elimination (1) ) ) Total 

 (1) This amount relates to income taxes payable that partially offsets income taxes receivable in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to Operating income (loss) and Earnings (loss) before income taxes: Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interests, net ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) Other, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) 

 I-25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our business, product and marketing strategies; new service offerings; the status of our broadcasting agreement and potential outcome of the Diamond Sports Group bankruptcy; the recoverability of our goodwill and other long-lived assets; our projected sources and uses of cash; and the anticipated impact of certain contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. The words "believe," "estimate," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "strategy," "continue," "seek," "may," "could" and similar expressions or statements regarding future periods are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements may contain such words. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but such statements necessarily involve risks and uncertainties and there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. Given these uncertainties, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The following include some but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. s Atlanta Braves Holdings, the Company, us, we, or our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of its future financial position, future results of operations or future cash flows; the Company s ability to recognize anticipated benefits from the Split-Off (defined below); the incurrence of costs as a standalone public company following the Split-Off; 
 the ability of the Company to successfully transition responsibilities for various matters from Liberty Media Corporation Liberty to in-house or third party personnel; 
 the Company s ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms and cash in amounts sufficient to service debt and other financial obligations; the Company s indebtedness could adversely affect operations and could limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry; the Company s ability to realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic investments; the impact of inflation and weak economic conditions on consumer demand for products, services and events offered by the Company; the outcome of pending or future litigation or investigations; the operational risks of the Company and its business affiliates with operations outside of the United States; the Company s ability to use net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards to reduce future tax payments; the ability of the Company and its affiliates to comply with government regulations, including, without limitation, consumer protection laws and competition laws, and adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; the regulatory and competitive environment of the industries in which the Company operates; changes in the nature of key strategic relationships with partners, vendors and joint venturers; the achievement of on-field success; the Company s ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players; the impact of organized labor on the Company; the impact of the structure or an expansion of Major League Baseball MLB 

 I-26 

Table of Contents 
 the level of broadcasting revenue that Braves Holdings, LLC Braves Holdings receives, including an impact as a result of the outcome of the Diamond Sports Group bankruptcy; the impact of the Mixed-Use Development (defined below) on the Company and its ability to manage the project; 
 the impact of data loss or breaches or disruptions of the Company s information systems and information system security; the Company s processing, storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personal data could give rise to liabilities; the Company s stock price has and may continue to fluctuate; the Company s common stock and organizational structure; and 
 geopolitical incidents, accidents, terrorist acts, pandemics or epidemics, natural disasters, including the effects of climate change, or other events that cause one or more events to be cancelled or postponed, are not covered by insurance, or cause reputational damage to the Company and its affiliates. 
 The above list of risks and uncertainties is only a summary of some of the most important factors and is not intended to be exhaustive. For additional risk factors, please see Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A in this Quarterly Report, as such may be updated by us from time to time in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings that we make with the SEC. These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent required by law. The following discussion and analysis provides information concerning our results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Explanatory Note During November 2022, the board of directors of Liberty authorized Liberty management to pursue a plan to redeem each outstanding share of its Liberty Braves common stock in exchange for one share of the corresponding series of common stock of a newly formed entity, Atlanta Braves Holdings (the Split-Off ). The Split-Off was completed on July 18, 2023 and was intended to be tax-free to holders of Liberty Braves common stock. In September 2024, the Internal Revenue Service completed its review of the Split-Off and notified Liberty that it agreed with the non-taxable characterization of the transaction. Atlanta Braves Holdings is comprised of the businesses, assets and liabilities previously attributed to the Liberty Braves Group Braves Group ), which, as of September 30, 2024, included Atlanta Braves Holdings wholly-owned subsidiary Braves Holdings and corporate cash. Although Atlanta Braves Holdings was reported as a combined company until the date of the Split-Off, all periods reported herein are referred to as consolidated. The intergroup interests in the Braves Group held by the Liberty Formula One Group (the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group immediately prior to the Split-Off were settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off through the attribution, to the respective tracking stock group, of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock on a one-for-one basis equal to the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest. On August 21, 2024, Terence F. McGuirk McGuirk ), Chairman and CEO of Braves Holdings, LLC, entered into certain shareholder arrangements with Dr. John Malone Malone ), pursuant to which Malone has granted McGuirk a proxy (the Malone Voting Agreement to vote 887,079 shares of the Company s Series B Common Stock owned by Malone, representing 44 of the Company s outstanding voting power, on director elections, the approval or authorization of executive compensation and other routine matters. Malone has also granted McGuirk a right of first refusal with respect 

 I-27 

Table of Contents 
 to future transfers of the Company shares beneficially owned by Malone as well as certain appreciation rights with respect to the value of Malone s shares of Series B Common Stock. The execution of the Malone Voting Agreement constituted a Change in Control of the Company as defined in Gregory B. Maffei s Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 13, 2019, by and between Mr. Maffei and Liberty. As a result, on August 21, 2024, Mr. Maffei notified the Company of his resignation as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and a director of the Company effective August 31, 2024. Mr. Maffei s separation from employment with the Company was for Good Reason within the meaning of his Executive Employment Agreement. Additionally, Atlanta Braves Holdings and Liberty have begun transitioning various general and administrative services currently provided by Liberty to the management of Atlanta Braves Holdings, including legal, tax, accounting, treasury, information technology, cybersecurity and investor relations support. As part of that transition, the then-current officers of the Company (with limited exceptions) stepped down from their officer positions, effective August 31, 2024, and members of the Braves operating team assumed these roles effective September 1, 2024. (the Corporate Governance Transition ). Overview The Company manages its business based on the following reportable segments: baseball and mixed-use development. The baseball segment includes operations relating to the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Club ANLBC, the Atlanta Braves, the Braves, the club, or the team and the Braves ballpark Truist Park or the Stadium and includes revenue generated from ticket sales, concessions, local broadcasting rights, advertising sponsorships, suites and premium seat fees, retail and licensing revenue, shared MLB revenue streams, including national broadcasting rights and licensing, and other sources. Ticket sales, concessions, broadcasting rights and advertising sponsorship sales are the baseball segment s primary revenue drivers. The Braves have a long-term local television broadcasting agreement with Sportsouth Network II, LLC. Diamond Sports Group, the parent company of Sportsouth Network II, LLC, is in financial distress and has filed for Chapter 11 protection. Refer to note 7 in the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below for more information. The mixed-use development segment includes retail, office, hotel and entertainment operations primarily within The Battery Atlanta (the Mixed-Use Development ). The Mixed-Use Development derives revenue primarily from office and retail rental income (including overage rent and tenant reimbursements) and, to a lesser extent, parking and advertising sponsorships throughout the year. 

 I-28 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations September 30, 2024 and 2023 General. Provided in the tables below is information regarding the historical Condensed Consolidated Operating Results and Other Income and Expense of Atlanta Braves Holdings, as well as information regarding the contribution to those items from our reportable segments. The corporate and other category consists of those assets that do not qualify as a separate reportable segment. 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 dollar amounts in thousands Baseball revenue 273,262 256,266 561,233 528,762 Mixed-Use Development revenue 17,412 15,558 49,397 44,157 Total revenue 290,674 271,824 610,630 572,919 Operating costs and expenses: Baseball operating costs (225,973) (198,195) (476,250) (430,424) Mixed-Use Development costs (2,499) (2,247) (7,162) (6,451) Selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation (30,757) (31,071) (83,777) (85,250) Stock-based compensation (6,365) (3,309) (13,789) (9,653) Depreciation and amortization (18,678) (21,286) (50,669) (55,215) Operating income (loss) 6,402 15,716 (21,017) (14,074) Other income (expense): Interest expense (9,561) (9,657) (28,717) (28,017) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net 13,702 12,725 26,951 23,384 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interests, net (20,392) (83,178) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net (2,476) 2,593 1,429 5,672 Other, net 1,838 1,224 5,824 5,381 Earnings (loss) before income taxes 9,905 2,209 (15,530) (90,832) Income tax benefit (expense) 115 (8,256) 3,387 (2,104) Net earnings (loss) 10,020 (6,047) (12,143) (92,936) Adjusted OIBDA 31,445 40,311 43,441 50,794 Regular season home games 41 37 81 80 Average number of attendees per regular season home game 26,159 32,481 28,469 32,521 Baseball revenue. Baseball revenue is derived from two primary sources: baseball event revenue (ticket sales, concessions, advertising sponsorships, suites and premium seat fees) and broadcasting revenue. The following table disaggregates baseball revenue by source: 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Baseball event 172,800 160,794 345,318 324,280 Broadcasting 70,992 69,337 144,043 138,786 Retail and licensing 16,512 20,904 41,789 45,026 Other 12,958 5,231 30,083 20,670 Total Baseball 273,262 256,266 561,233 528,762 Baseball event revenue increased 12.0 million and 21.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to new sponsorship 

 I-29 

Table of Contents 
 agreements and contractual rate increases on season tickets and existing sponsorship contracts, partially offset by reduced attendance at regular season home games. Broadcasting revenue increased 1.7 million and 5.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to an increase in the number of regular season games, as well as contractual rate increases. Retail and licensing revenue decreased 4.4 million and 3.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to a reduction in local revenue due to the decrease in regular season home game attendance and demand for City Connect and other apparel, partially offset by higher league-wide revenue. Other revenue, a component of baseball revenue, increased 7.7 million and 9.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The increase for the three and nine month periods was primarily due to additional concerts at the Stadium. Additionally, the increase to the nine month period was due to spring training related revenue (ticket sales, concession revenue and other gameday related revenue) driven by increased attendance at spring training home games. Mixed-Use Development revenue. Mixed-Use Development revenue is derived from the mixed-use facilities and primarily includes rental income and to a lesser extent, parking revenue and sponsorships. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Mixed-Use Development revenue increased 1.9 million and 5.2 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to 0.9 million and 2.5 million increases in parking revenue, respectively, and 0.7 million and 2.3 million increases in rental income, respectively. Increases in rental income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were primarily driven by increases in tenant recoveries. Baseball operating costs. Baseball operating costs primarily include costs associated with baseball and stadium operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, baseball operating expenses increased 27.8 million and 45.8 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to 16.8 million and 26.3 million increases in major league player salaries, respectively, 6.9 million and 11.4 million increases in MLB s revenue sharing plan, as well as other shared expenses, respectively, 2.5 million and 2.4 million increases in concert related expenses, respectively, and 2.1 million and 6.1 million increases in minor league team and player expenses, respectively, partially offset by 1.7 million and 4.6 million decreases in variable concession and retail operating expenses due to reduced attendance at regular season home games during 2024. Mixed-Use Development costs. Mixed-Use Development costs primarily include costs associated with maintaining and operating the mixed-use facilities. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Mixed-Use Development costs increased 0.3 million and 0.7 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, due to general repair expenses and other various operating increases. Selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation. Selling, general and administrative expense includes costs of marketing, advertising, finance and related personnel costs. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased 0.3 million and 1.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to reduced transaction costs related to the Split-Off, partly offset by increased personnel, insurance, information technology and professional fees. Stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation increased 3.1 million and 4.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, mainly due to accelerated vesting for various awards in connection with the Corporate Governance Transition. Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization decreased 2.6 million and 4.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to various assets becoming fully depreciated. Operating income (loss). Operating income (loss) declined 9.3 million and 6.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, due to the above explanations. Adjusted OIBDA. To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we also disclose Adjusted OIBDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted OIBDA as operating income 

 I-30 

Table of Contents 
 (loss) plus depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, separately reported litigation settlements, restructuring, acquisition and impairment charges. Our chief operating decision maker and management team use this measure of performance in conjunction with other measures to evaluate our businesses and make decisions about allocating resources among our businesses. We believe this is an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our businesses by identifying those items that are not directly a reflection of each business performance or indicative of ongoing business trends. In addition, this measure allows us to view operating results, perform analytical comparisons and benchmarking between businesses and identify strategies to improve performance. Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, operating income (loss), net earnings (loss), cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities and other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The following table provides a reconciliation of Operating income (loss) to Adjusted OIBDA: 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Operating income (loss) 6,402 15,716 (21,017) (14,074) Stock-based compensation 6,365 3,309 13,789 9,653 Depreciation and amortization 18,678 21,286 50,669 55,215 Adjusted OIBDA 31,445 40,311 43,441 50,794 Adjusted OIBDA is summarized as follows: 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 amounts in thousands Baseball 24,397 36,884 20,072 38,232 Mixed-Use Development 12,173 10,661 33,615 29,980 Corporate and Other (5,125) (7,234) (10,246) (17,418) Total 31,445 40,311 43,441 50,794 Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA decreased 8.9 million and 7.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. Baseball Adjusted OIBDA was decreased 12.5 million and 18.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to the fluctuations in baseball revenue and operating costs, as described above. Mixed-Use Development Adjusted OIBDA increased 1.5 million and 3.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to the fluctuations in Mixed-Use Development revenue and costs, as described above. Corporate and Other Adjusted OIBDA loss decreased 2.1 million and 7.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to decreased costs related to the Split-Off. Interest Expense. Interest expense was relatively flat and increased 0.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to increased interest rates on the Company s variable rate debt. 

 I-31 

Table of Contents 
 Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates. The following table presents our share of earnings (losses) of affiliates: 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 amounts in thousands MLB Advanced Media, L.P. 10,592 9,797 19,283 19,131 Baseball Endowment, L.P. 1,195 739 4,364 1,450 Other 1,915 2,189 3,304 2,803 Total 13,702 12,725 26,951 23,384 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interests, net. As the notional shares underlying the intergroup interests were not represented by outstanding shares of common stock, such shares had not been officially designated Series A, B or C Liberty Braves common stock. However, Liberty historically assumed that the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Formula One Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series C Liberty Braves common stock and the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Liberty SiriusXM Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series A Liberty Braves common stock. Therefore, the market prices of Series C Liberty Braves and Series A Liberty Braves common stock were used for the mark-to-market adjustment for the intergroup interests held by Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group, respectively, through the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the second quarter of 2023, Liberty determined that, in connection with the Split-Off, shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock would be used to settle and extinguish the intergroup interest in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Accordingly, effective as of June 30, 2023 and through the Split-Off date, the market price of Series C Liberty Braves common stock was used for the mark-to-market adjustment for the intergroup interest held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interests, net were driven by changes in the market prices of Liberty Braves common stock. As disclosed above, the intergroup interests were settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net are comprised of changes in the fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps driven by changes in interest rates. Other, net. Other, net income increased 0.6 million and 0.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, due to increases in dividend and interest income, partly offset by decreased gains on dispositions for the nine month period. Income taxes. The Company s tax provision or benefit from income taxes for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. Each quarter, we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if our estimated tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment. In 2024, our effective tax rate will be affected by state income taxes and the adverse effect of certain non-deductible expenses for which we may not realize a tax benefit. In 2023, our effective tax rate was significantly affected by the unfavorable impact of intergroup interest losses that were not deductible for tax purposes and the effect of state income taxes. Net earnings (loss). The Company had net earnings of 10.0 million and net losses of 6.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and net losses of 12.1 million and 92.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in net earnings (loss) was the result of the above-described fluctuations in our revenue, expenses and other gains and losses. 

 I-32 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 100.9 million of cash and cash equivalents. Substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in U.S. Treasury securities, other government securities or government guaranteed funds, AAA rated money market funds and other highly rated financial and corporate debt instruments. Braves Holdings is in compliance with all financial debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s primary uses of cash were capital expenditures and debt service, funded primarily by cash from operations and new borrowings on construction loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s primary uses of cash were capital expenditures and debt service, funded primarily by cash from operations and new borrowings on construction loans. The Company s uses of cash are expected to be payments to certain players, coaches and executives pursuant to long-term employment agreements, capital expenditures, investments in real estate ventures and debt service payments. The Company expects to fund its projected uses of cash with cash on hand, cash provided by operations and through borrowings under construction loans and revolvers. We believe that the available sources of liquidity are sufficient to cover our projected future uses of cash. The Braves have a long-term local television broadcasting agreement with Sportsouth Network II, LLC. Diamond Sports Group, LLC, the parent company of Sportsouth Network II, LLC, is in financial distress and has filed for Chapter 11 protection. While the pending bankruptcy proceeding of Diamond Sports Group, LLC has not previously had a material unfavorable impact on the Company s revenue and the Company has received scheduled payments to date, we cannot currently predict whether such bankruptcy proceeding is reasonably likely to have a material unfavorable impact on our revenue and liquidity in the future. Sources of Liquidity The following are potential sources of liquidity: available cash balances, cash generated by Braves Holdings operating activities (to the extent such cash exceeds Braves Holdings working capital needs and is not otherwise restricted), net proceeds from asset sales, debt borrowings under the LWCF, the MLBFF and the TeamCo Revolver (each as defined below) and dividend and interest receipts. League Wide Credit Facility In December 2013, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings executed various agreements to enter into MLB s League Wide Credit Facility (the LWCF ). Pursuant to the terms of a revolving credit agreement, Major League Baseball Trust may borrow from certain lenders, with Bank of America, N.A. acting as the administrative agent. Major League Baseball Trust then uses the proceeds of such borrowings to provide loans to the club trusts of the participating Clubs, including the Braves Club Trust (the Club Trust ). The maximum amount available to the Club Trust under the LWCF was 125.0 million as of September 30, 2024, which remains undrawn. The commitment termination date of the revolving credit facility under the LWCF, which is the repayment date for all amounts borrowed under such revolving credit facility, is July 10, 2026. MLB Facility Fund Revolver In December 2017, a subsidiary of Braves Holdings executed various agreements to enter into the MLB Facility Fund (the MLBFF ). Pursuant to the terms of an indenture, a credit agreement and certain note purchase agreements, Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC may borrow from certain lenders. Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC then uses the proceeds of such borrowings to provide loans to each of the participating Clubs. Amounts advanced pursuant to the MLBFF are available to fund ballpark and other baseball-related real property improvements, renovations and/or new construction. In May 2021, Braves Facility Fund LLC established a revolving credit commitment with Major League Baseball Facility Fund, LLC (the MLB facility fund revolver ). The commitment termination date, which is the 

 I-33 

Table of Contents 
 repayment date for all amounts borrowed under the MLB facility fund revolver, is July 10, 2026. The maximum amount available to Braves Facility Fund LLC under the MLB facility fund revolver was 39.7 million and was fully drawn as of September 30, 2024. TeamCo Revolver A subsidiary of Braves Holdings is party to a Revolving Credit Agreement (the TeamCo Revolver ), which provides revolving commitments of 150 million and matures in August 2029. The availability under the TeamCo Revolver as of September 30, 2024 was 120.0 million, net of 30 million drawn as of September 30, 2024. See note 5 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of all indebtedness obligations. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risk in the normal course of business due to our ongoing investing and financial activities and the conduct of operations. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in stock prices and interest rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risks and the use of financial instruments to manage our exposure to such risks. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing activities, which include fixed and floating rate debt instruments and borrowings used to maintain liquidity and to fund business operations. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt are expected to vary as a result of future requirements, market conditions and other factors. We manage our exposure to interest rates by maintaining what we believe is an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We believe this best protects us from interest rate risk. We have achieved this mix by (i) issuing fixed rate debt that we believe has a low stated interest rate and significant term to maturity, (ii) issuing variable rate debt with appropriate maturities and interest rates and (iii) entering into interest rate swap arrangements when we deem appropriate. As of September 30, 2024, we had 161.9 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate debt with a weighted average interest rate of 6.6 and 481.2 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate debt with a weighted average interest rate of 4.4 . Item 4. Controls and Procedures In accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer (the "Executives"), and under the oversight of its board of directors, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, the Executives concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Effective September 1, 2024, as described in footnote 1 of this quarterly report, Liberty began transitioning certain general and administrative services previously provided by Liberty to the new members of management of Atlanta Braves Holdings, including legal, tax, accounting, treasury, information technology, cybersecurity, internal audit and investor relations support. As part of that transition, the then-current officers of the Company (with limited exceptions) stepped down from their officer positions, effective August 31, 2024, and certain members of the Braves operating team assumed these roles effective September 1, 2024. As a result of the transition, internal controls over financial reporting are materially changing as executive oversight transitions to the new Atlanta Braves Holdings officers and the new members of management of Atlanta Braves Holdings begin to perform certain accounting, financial reporting, treasury, tax and entity level internal controls over financial reporting previously performed by members of Liberty management. We expect the 

 I-34 

Table of Contents 
 impacted processes to remain generally consistent through the transition to the new control operators, and other than the transition of these internal controls over financial reporting to new process and control operators, the existing control environment is not materially changing. The transition of the internal controls over financial reporting has begun and should generally be completed with the 10-K filing for the year ended December 31, 2024. 

 I-35 

Table of Contents 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings Refer to note 7 in the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Item 1A. Risk Factors Except as discussed below, there have been no material changes in the Company s risk factors from those disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As we begin transitioning away from services previously provided by Liberty, we may fail to replicate or replace certain functions, systems and infrastructure in a timely fashion, or at all, and may lose benefits from Liberty s global contracts. Historically, we have received services from Liberty, including through shared services contracts with various third-party service providers. Under the Services Agreement, Liberty has agreed to continue to provide us with certain services and support that were historically provided to us by or through Liberty prior to the Split-Off. The Services Agreement does not continue indefinitely and services provided under the Services Agreement generally terminate at various times specified in the agreement and the schedules thereto. We have begun transitioning away from certain services previously provided under the Services Agreement. For instance, Liberty previously provided some of its executive officers to serve as executive officers of the Company. As previously disclosed, as part of the transition of various general and administrative services provided by Liberty under the Services Agreement, on August 31, 2024, all of the officers of the Company previously provided by Liberty (with limited exceptions) stepped down from their officer positions, and members of the Braves operating team assumed these roles effective as of September 1, 2024. These transitions included appointing a new chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief culture officer and executive vice presidents of the Company. We are working to replicate or replace the services, and associated systems and data, and information security and cybersecurity procedures and systems, that we will continue to need in the operation of our business that have been provided by or through Liberty, including those we receive through shared service contracts Liberty has with various third-party providers or through the Services Agreement for applicable transitional periods. As a result, when Liberty ceases to provide these services to us, either as a result of the termination of the Services Agreement or individual services thereunder, our costs of performing or procuring these services or comparable replacement services could increase. In addition, we have historically received certain informal support from Liberty, including communications, technical support, market intelligence and market data, which may not be addressed in our transition plans. The level of this informal support may be eliminated following the termination of the Services Agreement. Furthermore, in connection with our efforts to replicate or replace these services, certain third-party systems we are using may have imbedded risks such as cybersecurity susceptibility that we may not be able to resolve effectively or efficiently. As a result, we may need to purchase comparable replacement services on less favorable commercial and legal terms, and the cessation of such services could result in service interruptions and divert management attention from other aspects of our operations, including ongoing efforts to implement technological developments and innovations. We are also making infrastructure investments and hiring additional employees to operate without the same access to Liberty s existing operational and administrative infrastructure. We have established or expanded our own tax, treasury, internal audit, accounting, investor relations, cybersecurity, corporate governance and listed company compliance and other corporate functions. Due to the scope and complexity of the underlying projects relative to these efforts, we have been incurring and expect to continue to incur one-time costs to replicate, or outsource from other providers, these corporate functions to replace the corporate services that Liberty historically provided us prior to the Split-Off and under the Services Agreement. The amount of total costs could be materially higher than our estimate, and the timing of the incurrence of these costs may be subject to change. 

 II-1 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds There were no repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, zero shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series A common stock, zero shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series B common stock and 269 shares of Atlanta Braves Holdings Series C common stock were surrendered by our officers and employees to pay withholding taxes and other deductions in connection with the vesting or exercise of restricted stock. Item 5. Other Information During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, the following Section 16 officers adopted, modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act): , , a trading plan on (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for no sooner than December 8, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until (unless earlier terminated in accordance with the plan) to sell an aggregate of shares of Series C Common Stock during the plan period. , , a trading plan on (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for no sooner than December 9, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until (unless earlier terminated in accordance with the plan) to sell an aggregate of shares of Series C Common Stock during the plan period. , , a trading plan on (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for no sooner than December 9, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until to sell an aggregate of shares of Series C Common Stock during the plan period. 
 There were non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified or terminated during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 by our directors and Section 16 officers. Any actual sale transactions made pursuant to the trading arrangements referenced above will be disclosed publicly in Section 16 filings with the SEC in accordance with applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations. 

 II-2 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits Listed below are the exhibits which are filed as a part of this Quarterly Report (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

Exhibit No. Name 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 32 Section 1350 Certification 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith 

 II-3 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS, INC. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ TERENCE F. MCGUIRK Terence F. McGuirk President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ JILL L. ROBINSON Jill L. Robinson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 II-4 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 batra-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Terence F. McGuirk, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this quarterly report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

 November 6, 2024 

/s/ TERENCE F. MCGUIRK 

 Terence F. McGuirk President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 batra-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Jill L. Robinson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this quarterly report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

 November 6, 2024 

/s/ JILL L. ROBINSON 

 Jill L. Robinson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 batra-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 6, 2024 /s/ TERENCE F. MCGUIRK Terence F. McGuirk President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: November 6, 2024 /s/ JILL L. ROBINSON Jill L. Robinson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 batra-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 batra-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 batra-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 batra-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 batra-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

