<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1674168_0001628280-24-046168.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13977938</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1938590</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5596403</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3024820</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2922288</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046168.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107150923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046168
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS, ROOMING HOUSE, CAMPS & OTHER LODGING PLACES [7000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				812545345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37794
		FILM NUMBER:		241434866

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6355 METROWEST BOULEVARD, SUITE 180
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-722-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6355 METROWEST BOULEVARD, SUITE 180
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046168.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 hgv-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hgv-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from_________ to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 ____________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code ) 
 (Former Name, Former Address, and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 ____________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated Filer o Non-Accelerated Filer o Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, as of October 31, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 56 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 56 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 56 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 57 
 Signatures 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net 
 Timeshare financing receivables, net Inventory Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS (variable interest entities - and 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Advanced deposits Debt, net Non-recourse debt, net Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue 
 Deferred income tax liabilities 
 Total liabilities (variable interest entities - and 
 Commitments and contingencies - see Note 18 
 par value; authorized shares, 
 issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders' equity 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 Total equity 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Sales of VOIs, net Sales, marketing, brand and other fees Financing Resort and club management Rental and ancillary services Cost reimbursements Total revenues Expenses Cost of VOI sales Sales and marketing Financing Resort and club management Rental and ancillary services General and administrative Acquisition and integration-related expense Depreciation and amortization License fee expense Impairment expense Cost reimbursements Total operating expenses Interest expense ) ) ) ) Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Other gain (loss), net 
 ) Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) ) Net income 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Net income attributable to stockholders 
 Earnings per share attributable to stockholders: 
 Basic Diluted 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to stockholders 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs, acquisition premiums and other Provision for financing receivables losses Impairment expense Other (gain) loss, net 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Return on investment in unconsolidated affiliates Net changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net Timeshare financing receivables, net ) ) Inventory ) ) Purchases and development of real estate for future conversion to inventory ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other ) ) Advanced deposits Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Acquisitions, net of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash acquired ) Capital expenditures for property and equipment (excluding inventory) ) ) Software capitalization costs ) ) Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from debt Proceeds from non-recourse debt Repayment of debt ) ) Repayment of non-recourse debt ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) Payment of withholding taxes on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Proceeds from employee stock plan purchases Proceeds from stock option exercises Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders 
 ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Less: Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Noncontrolling Interest 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Acquisition of third-party equity interest in consolidated entity 
 Net (loss) income 
 ) ) Activity related to share-based compensation 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 Net income Activity related to share-based compensation 
 Employee stock plan issuance Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 Net income Distributions to noncontrolling interest holders 
 ) ) Adjustment to acquisition of third-party equity interest in consolidated entity 
 ) ) Activity related to share-based compensation 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock 
 ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Noncontrolling Interest 
 Total Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Net income Activity related to share-based compensation 
 Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 
 Net income Activity related to share-based compensation 
 Employee stock plan issuance Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 Net income Activity related to share-based compensation 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1: 
 properties located in the United States U.S. ), Europe, the Caribbean, Mexico, Canada, and Asia. A significant number of our properties and VOIs are concentrated in Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, South Carolina, Arizona, Virginia, and Nevada inclusive of the new locations we have expanded into through the Bluegreen Acquisition. We are in the process of rebranding many of the Diamond properties and anticipate rebranding the majority of Bluegreen properties and sales centers. We expect to begin rebranding certain Bluegreen properties in 2025 to the Hilton Grand Vacations brands and Hilton standards. 
 equity interest Big Cedar ), its active role as the day-to-day manager of its activities, and majority voting control of its management committee. HGV acquired its equity interest in Big Cedar as part of the Bluegreen Acquisition. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring items, considered necessary for a fair presentation. 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Although we believe the disclosures made are adequate to prevent information presented from being misleading, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 2: 
 7 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3: 
 billion. The Bluegreen Acquisition is expected to broaden HGV s offerings, customer reach and sales locations. Costs related to the Bluegreen Acquisition were million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. These costs were expensed as incurred and included within Acquisition and integration-related expense in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Number of Class B shares issued and outstanding Number of Class A shares deliverable as equity awards Total shares and related equity awards outstanding Cash consideration to Bluegreen shareholders and equity award holders per share Purchase price Repayment of Bluegreen debt (1) 
 Payment of seller transaction fees (2) 
 Total consideration transferred 
 (1) Reflects the balance of Bluegreen s debt repaid by HGV. 
 (2) Reflects transaction-related expenses incurred by Bluegreen but paid by HGV. 
 Preliminary Fair Values of Assets Acquired, Liabilities Assumed and Noncontrolling Interest 
 We accounted for the Bluegreen Acquisition as a business combination, which requires us to record the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest at fair value as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. The preliminary fair values of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest, which are presented in the table below, and the related preliminary acquisition accounting are based on management s estimates and assumptions, as well as information compiled by management, including the books and records of Bluegreen. Our estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. The magnitude of the Bluegreen Acquisition could necessitate the need to use the full one-year measurement period to adequately analyze and assess a number of the factors used in establishing the asset, liability and noncontrolling interest fair values as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. The final values may also result in changes to amortization expense related to intangible assets and depreciation expense related to property and equipment, among other changes. Any potential adjustments made could be material in relation to the values presented in the table below. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Accounts receivable 
 Timeshare financing receivables, net Inventory Property and equipment Investment in unconsolidated affiliates 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Advanced deposits 
 Debt 
 Non-recourse debt 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred revenue Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Total consideration transferred Less: Net assets acquired 
 ) Plus: Noncontrolling interest 
 Goodwill (1) 
 
 (1) Goodwill is calculated as total consideration transferred less net assets acquired and it primarily represents the value that we expect to obtain from synergies and growth opportunities from our combined Company post-acquisition. 
 The measurement period adjustments recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted from changes to our estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets, assumed liabilities and noncontrolling interest based on management s review of the historical accounting records and third-party valuations. The measurement period adjustments recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted primarily from a reduction to timeshare financing receivables of million and an increase to inventory of million based on management's review of key assumptions and historical performance of the acquired portfolio, a decrease in the marketing agreement intangible asset of million driven by a modification to the projected cash flows, decreases to our estimates of the fair value of property plant and equipment of million and capitalized software of million, and a decrease in noncontrolling interest of million resulting from a change in the projected cash flows. These adjustments resulted in a net increase to goodwill for the period of million, net of tax impacts of million. There were measurement period adjustments not impacting goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to management's review of historical accounting records and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 million from Cash and cash equivalents to Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other and million from Deferred revenue to Advanced deposits . The prior period net income effect associated with the measurement period adjustments recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was ) million. 
 Timeshare Financing Receivables 
 We acquired timeshare financing receivables, net which consist of loans to customers who purchased vacation ownership products and chose to finance their purchases. These timeshare financing receivables, net are collateralized by the underlying VOIs and generally have -year amortizing repayment terms. We preliminarily estimated the fair value of the timeshare financing receivables using a discounted cash flow model, which calculated a present value of expected future risk-adjusted cash flows over the remaining term of the respective timeshare financing receivables. We are continuing to evaluate the significant assumptions underlying the discounted cash flow model including default severity and prepayment assumptions, which could result in changes to our preliminary estimate. We have determined that the entire acquired timeshare financing receivables portfolio was considered purchase credit deteriorated PCD assets as it shows evidence of more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. See Note 6: Timeshare Financing Receivables, net for additional information. 
 Allowance for credit losses Premium attributable to other factors ) Par value 
 Inventory 
 We acquired inventory which primarily consists of completed unsold VOIs. We preliminarily estimated the fair value of acquired inventory using a discounted cash flows method, which included an estimate of cash flows expected to be generated from the sale of VOIs. Significant estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value of the acquired inventory that are subjective and/or require complex judgments include our estimates of operating costs and margins, and the discount rate. Certain other estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value of the acquired inventory involving less subjective and/or less complex judgments include: short-term and long-term revenue growth rates and other factors impacting the discounted cash flows. We are continuing to assess the market assumptions and property conditions as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to these preliminary values. 
 Property and Equipment 
 We acquired property and equipment, which includes land, buildings and improvements, leasehold improvements, computer hardware and software, furniture, fixtures, and office equipment, machinery and equipment, vehicles, construction in progress, and other assets. For our preliminary analysis, we estimated the fair value of the property and equipment using a mix of cost and market approaches. In determining the fair value using the cost approach, we estimated the reproduction cost by applying inflation trending indices to the historical capitalized costs within the fixed asset details. We also relied on the market approach to determine the fair value of certain assets. In applying the market approach to value, we relied on the percent of cost method. In addition, certain property and equipment assets were held at their carrying value, which is our best estimate of fair value at this time given the information available. We are continuing to assess the market assumptions and property conditions as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to these preliminary values. 
 Operating Lease Right-of-Use-Assets and Lease Liabilities 
 We have recorded a preliminary estimate of the liability for those operating leases assumed in connection with the Bluegreen Acquisition with a remaining term in excess of one year. We measured the lease liabilities assumed at the present value of the remaining contractual lease payments based on the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842: Leases discounted at an incremental borrowing rate applicable to HGV determined as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. The right-of-use assets for such leases were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities, adjusted for the favorable or unfavorable leasehold position considering the contractual terms of the lease when compared with market terms. A small number of operating lease right of use assets and lease liabilities were preliminarily estimated at 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Management contracts 
 Club member relationships 
 Capitalized software 
 Marketing agreements 
 
 Other contract-related intangible assets 
 Total intangible assets acquired 
 We preliminarily estimated the fair value of Bluegreen s trade name using the relief-from-royalty method, which applies an estimated royalty rate to forecasted future cash flows, discounted to present value. We preliminarily estimated the value of management contracts and club member relationships using the multi-period excess earnings method, which is a variation of the income approach. This method estimates an intangible asset s value based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset. The marketing agreements were valued using the with and without method of the income approach. Under this method, the value of an asset is a function of the differential of projected cash flows with the asset in place and the projected cash flows without the asset in place, discounted to present value. We continue to review Bluegreen s contracts and historical performance in addition to evaluating the assumptions impacting the estimated values of such intangible assets and their respective useful lives, including the discount rate applied to the estimated cash flows and renewal and growth estimates and expected margins as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to these preliminary values. 
 Debt 
 As part of the acquisition and consideration transferred, we paid off million of Bluegreen s existing corporate debt and accrued interest. We preliminarily estimated the fair value of the remaining assumed debt using a discounted cash flow model under the income approach. The significant assumptions include prepayment rates, interest rates and other structural factors. We are continuing to evaluate the significant assumptions underlying the discounted cash flow model as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to our preliminary estimate. 
 Non-Recourse Debt 
 We preliminarily estimated the fair value of the securitized debt and warehouse loan facilities, using a discounted cash flow model under the income approach. The significant assumptions in our analysis include default rates, prepayment rates, bond interest rates and other structural factors. We are continuing to evaluate the significant assumptions underlying the discounted cash flow model as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to our preliminary estimate. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Deferred revenue primarily relates to deferred sales incentives revenues, including Bonus Points, which are deferred and recognized upon redemption; and Club membership fees, which are deferred and recognized over the terms of the applicable contract term or membership on a straight-line basis. We preliminarily estimated the fair value of the deferred revenue at the carrying value of such liabilities as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. We continue to review Bluegreen s contracts as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to the preliminary estimate. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 Deferred income taxes primarily relate to the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired from Bluegreen, including timeshare financing receivables, inventory, property and equipment, intangible assets, and debt. We preliminarily estimated deferred income taxes based on the blended U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate which approximates to 25 . Within the measurement period, we will continue to assess the tax rates used, and we will update our estimate of deferred income 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 equity interest, our active role as the day-to-day manager of its activities, and our majority voting control of its management committee. We preliminarily estimated the fair value of the noncontrolling interest using a discounted cash flow model. We continue to assess the market assumptions as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, which could result in changes to our preliminary estimate. 
 Goodwill 
 We have recorded a preliminary estimate of million of goodwill in connection with the Bluegreen Acquisition. We have allocated the acquired goodwill to our segments, Real Estate Sales and Financing and Resort Operations and Club Management, as indicated in the table below. Our allocations may change throughout the measurement period as we continue to finalize the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Bluegreen Acquisition. The majority of goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Pro Forma Results of Operations 
 Net income 
 
 Bluegreen Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the results of Bluegreen operations included in our unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for the period from the Bluegreen Acquisition Date through September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) January 17, 2024 to September 30, 2024 Revenue Net loss ) 
 Grand Islander Acquisition 
 On December 1, 2023 Grand Islander Acquisition Date ), the Company completed the acquisition of BRE Grand Islander Parent LLC Grand Islander ), by exchanging of the outstanding equity interests of Grand Islander for million (the Grand Islander Acquisition ). Prior to the acquisition, we managed the resort property in Hawaii owned by Grand Islander. The acquisition expands our product offerings and provides existing members upgrade opportunities to locations outside of the prior Fee-for-service arrangement. The purchase price of million included cash consideration, as well as million of non-cash consideration attributable to the effective settlement of a pre-existing relationship based on the contract value. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired includes million of cash and cash equivalents, million of restricted cash, million of accounts receivable, million of unsecuritized timeshare financing receivables, net, million of securitized timeshare financing receivables, net, million of inventory, and million of other assets. Of the securitized timeshare financing receivables acquired, million is used as collateral to secure a non-recourse revolving timeshare receivable credit facility Grand Islander Timeshare Facility ). The preliminary fair values of the liabilities assumed consist of million of non-recourse debt and million of other liabilities. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses Premium attributable to other factors ) Par value 
 Goodwill of million is calculated as total consideration transferred less net assets acquired. The measurement period adjustments recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted from changes to our estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on updates to preliminary valuations of acquired timeshare financing receivables and inventory. These resulted in an increase to goodwill for the period of million. We have allocated the acquired goodwill of million to our Real Estate Sales and Financing segment. Our allocations may change throughout the measurement period as we continue to finalize the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Grand Islander Acquisition, not to exceed one year from the Grand Islander Acquisition Date. The majority of goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 NOTE 4: 
 reportable segments: (i) Real estate sales and financing and (ii) Resort operations and club management . See Note 17: Business Segments for more information related to our segments. 
 in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Real Estate Sales and Financing Segment 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales of VOIs, net Sales, marketing, brand and other fees Interest income Other financing revenue Real estate sales and financing segment revenues 
 in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Resort Operations and Club Management Segment 2024 2023 2024 2023 Club management Resort management Rental (1) 
 Ancillary services Resort operations and club management segment revenues 
 (1) Excludes intersegment transactions. See Note 17: Business Segments for additional information. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Timeshare financing receivables, net Total 
 Contract liabilities include payments received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations. Such contract liabilities include advanced deposits received on prepaid vacation packages for future stays at our resorts, deferred revenue related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction, club activation fees and annual dues, the liability for bonus points awarded to our customers for purchase of VOIs at our properties or properties under our fee-for-service arrangements that may be redeemed in the future, deferred maintenance fees and other deferred revenue. 
 Deferred sales of VOIs of projects under construction Club activation fees and annual dues 
 Bonus point incentive liability (1) 
 Deferred maintenance fees Other deferred revenue 
 (1) The balance includes million and million of bonus point incentive liabilities included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This liability is for incentives from VOI sales and sales and marketing expenses in conjunction with our fee-for-service arrangements. 
 Revenue earned for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, that was included in the contract liabilities balance at December 31, 2023, was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Contract assets relate to incentive fees that can be earned for meeting certain targets on sales of VOIs at properties under our fee-for-service arrangements; however, our right to consideration is conditional upon completing the requirements of the annual incentive fee period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, contract assets were million and million, respectively. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contract revenue that has not yet been recognized. Our contracts with remaining performance obligations primarily include (i) sales of VOIs under construction, (ii) club activation fees paid at closing of a VOI purchase, (iii) customers advanced deposits on prepaid vacation packages and (iv) bonus points that may be redeemed in the future. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Cost of VOI sales Sales and marketing expense 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million of sales of VOIs, net, offset by deferrals of million, related to sales of projects under construction, some of which were completed during the year. We expect to recognize the revenue, costs of VOI sales and direct selling costs related to the projects under construction as of September 30, 2024, upon their completion. 
 months Upon customer stays Club activation fees years Straight-line basis over average inventory holding period Bonus point incentive liability - months 
 Upon redemption 
 
 NOTE 5: 
 
 Real estate and financing Resort and club operations Tax receivables Insurance claims receivable Other receivables Total 
 Our accounts receivable are generally due within one year of origination. We use delinquency status and economic factors such as credit quality indicators to monitor our receivables within the scope of ASC 326 and use these as a basis for how we develop our expected loss estimates. 
 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

NOTE 6: 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecuritized (1) 
 Timeshare financing receivables, gross Unamortized non-credit acquisition premium (2) 
 Less: allowance for financing receivables losses ) ) ) ) Timeshare financing receivables, net 
 (1) Includes amounts used as collateral to secure a non-recourse revolving timeshare receivable credit facility Timeshare Facility as well as amounts held as future collateral for securitization activities. 
 million was recognized at the Diamond Acquisition Date, of which million and million remains unamortized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. A non-credit premium of million was recognized at the Grand Islander Acquisition Date with million remaining unamortized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Non-credit premium of million was recognized at the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, of which million remains unamortized as of September 30, 2024. 
 In April 2024, we completed a securitization of approximately million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued approximately million of notes, million of notes, million of notes, and million of notes due September 2039. The securitization transaction did not qualify as a sale and, accordingly, no gain or loss was recognized. The transaction is considered a secured borrowing, and the notes from the transaction are presented as non-recourse debt. The proceeds were used to pay down in part some of our existing debt and for other general corporate purposes. See Note 8: Consolidated Variable Interest Entities and Note 11: Debt and Non-recourse Deb t for additional information. 
 In May 2024, we completed a securitization of approximately million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued approximately million of notes, million of notes, million of notes, and million of notes due March 2038. The securitization transaction did not qualify as a sale and, accordingly, no gain or loss was recognized. The transaction is considered a secured borrowing, and the notes from the transaction are presented as non-recourse debt. The proceeds were used to pay down in part some of our existing debt and for other general corporate purposes. See Note 8: Consolidated Variable Interest Entities and Note 11: Debt and Non-recourse Debt for additional information. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had timeshare financing receivables of million and million, respectively, securing the Timeshare Facility. In connection with the acquisitions of Grand Islander and Bluegreen, we had access to additional timeshare facilities, which were terminated during the first quarter of 2024. 
 For our originated portfolio, we record an estimate of variable consideration for defaults as a reduction of revenue from financed VOI sales at the time revenue is recognized. We record the difference between the timeshare financing receivable and the variable consideration included in the transaction price for the sale of the related VOI as an allowance for financing receivables and record the receivable net of the allowance. For our acquired portfolio, any changes to the estimates of our allowance are recorded within Financing expense on our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations in the period in which the change occurs. 
 We recognize interest income on our timeshare financing receivables as earned. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had interest receivable outstanding of million and million, respectively, on our originated timeshare financing receivables. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had interest receivable outstanding of million and million, respectively, on our acquired timeshare financing receivables. Interest receivable is included in Other Assets within our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The interest rate charged on the notes correlates to the risk profile of the customer at the time of purchase and the percentage of the purchase that is financed, among other factors. As of September 30, 2024, our originated timeshare financing receivables had interest rates ranging from to , a weighted-average interest rate of , a weighted-average remaining term of years and maturities through 2039. Our acquired timeshare financing receivables had interest rates ranging from to , a weighted-average interest rate of , a weighted-average remaining term of years and maturities through 2039. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of accrued interest income. We resume interest accrual for loans for which we had previously ceased accruing interest once the loan is less than 91 days past due. We fully reserve for a timeshare financing receivable in the month following the date that the loan is 121 days past due and, subsequently, we write off the uncollectible note against the reserve once the foreclosure process, which is governed by product type and local law, is complete. 
 Allowance for Financing Receivables Losses 
 Initial allowance for PCD financing receivables acquired during the period (1) 
 Provision for financing receivables losses (2) 
 Write-offs ) ) Inventory recoveries Upgrades (3) 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 in millions) Originated 
 Acquired 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Provision for financing receivables losses (2) 
 Write-offs ) ) Inventory recoveries Upgrades (3) 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 
 (1) The initial allowance determined for receivables with credit deterioration was million as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. We also reduced the initial allowance determined for receivables with credit deterioration for Legacy-Grand Islander by million. 
 (2) For the Originated portfolio segment, this amount includes incremental provision for financing receivables losses, net of activity related to the repurchase of defaulted and upgraded timeshare financing receivables. For the Acquired portfolio segment, this amount includes incremental provision for credit loss expense from Acquired loans. 
 (3) Represents the initial change in allowance resulting from upgrades of Acquired loans. Upgraded Acquired loans and their related allowance are included in the Originated portfolio segment. 
 Originated Timeshare Financing Receivables 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Acquired Timeshare Financing Receivables with Credit Deterioration 
 Our acquired timeshare financing receivables were deemed to be purchased credit deteriorated financial assets. These notes receivable were initially recognized at their purchase price, represented by the acquisition date fair value, and subsequently grossed-up by our acquisition date assessment of the allowance for credit losses. The difference over which 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Credit Quality of Timeshare Financing Receivables 
 We evaluate these portfolios collectively for purposes of estimating variable consideration, since we hold a large group of homogeneous timeshare financing receivables which are individually immaterial. We monitor the collectability of our receivables on an ongoing basis. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual counterparty or groups of counterparties. We use a technique referred to as static pool analysis as the basis for estimating expected defaults and determining our allowance for financing receivables losses on our timeshare financing receivables. For the static pool analysis, we use several years of default data through which we stratify our portfolio using certain key dimensions to stratify our portfolio such as FICO scores and equity percentage at the time of sale. The adequacy of the related allowance is determined by management through analysis of several factors, such as current and forward-looking economic conditions and industry trends, as well as the specific risk characteristics of the portfolio including assumed default rates, aging and historical write-offs of these receivables. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 600-699 
 Originated December 31, 2023 
 in millions) Legacy-HGV Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total FICO score 700+ 600-699 600-699 19 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Originated - Unsecuritized September 30, 2024 
 in millions) Legacy-HGV Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Originated - Securitized December 31, 2023 
 in millions) Legacy-HGV Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Originated - Unsecuritized December 31, 2023 
 in millions) Legacy-HGV Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 600-699 600-699 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Acquired - Unsecuritized 
 September 30, 2024 
 in millions) Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Acquired - Securitized December 31, 2023 
 in millions) Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Acquired - Unsecuritized December 31, 2023 
 in millions) Legacy-DRI Legacy-Grand Islander Legacy-Bluegreen 
 Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7: 
 Construction in process Land, infrastructure and other Total 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded non-cash operating activity transfers of million related to the registrations for timeshare units under construction for properties from Property and equipment, net to Inventory . As VOI inventory is constructed, it is recorded into Property and equipment, net until such units are registered and made available for sale. Once registered and available for sale, the units are then transferred into completed unsold VOIs inventory. 
 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, the cost of sales true-up decreased cost of VOI sales and increased inventory. 
 
 NOTE 8: 
 VIEs. The activities of these entities are limited primarily to purchasing qualifying non-recourse timeshare financing receivables from us and issuing debt securities and/or borrowing under a debt facility to facilitate such purchases. The timeshare financing receivables held by these entities are not available to our creditors and are not our legal assets, nor is the debt that is securitized through these entities a legal liability to us. 
 We have determined that we are the primary beneficiaries of these VIEs as we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect their economic performance. We are also the servicer of these timeshare financing receivables and we often replace or repurchase timeshare financing receivables that are in default at their outstanding principal amounts. Additionally, we have the right to receive benefits that could be significant to them. Only the assets of our VIEs are available to settle the obligations of the respective entities. 
 We have aggregated the variable interests in the entities, including those associated with Bluegreen's outstanding timeshare financing receivables securitization transactions, as they are similar in nature. See Note 11: Debt and Non-recourse debt for additional information. 
 Timeshare financing receivables, net Non-recourse debt, net 
 
 NOTE 9: 
 unconsolidated affiliates have aggregated debt balances of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The debt is secured by their assets and is without recourse to us. Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our investment interests in the unconsolidated affiliates is primarily limited to (i) the carrying amount of the investments, which totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and (ii) receivables for commission and other fees earned under fee-for-service arrangements. See Note 16: Related Party Transactions for additional information. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million from our investment in BRE Ace LLC. 
 For these VIEs, our investment interests are included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as Investments in unconsolidated affiliates , and equity earned is included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations as Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates . 
 As part of the Bluegreen Acquisition, we obtained variable interests within statutory business trusts (collectively, the Trusts formed previously by wholly owned subsidiaries of Bluegreen. Each subsidiary issued trust preferred securities as part of a larger pooled trust securities offering which was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and invested the proceeds thereof in its junior subordinated debentures. The Trusts were VIEs in which the subsidiaries are not the primary beneficiaries. As of September 30, 2024, we paid down million, which represented the full balance of the junior subordinated debentures acquired as part of the Bluegreen acquisition. See Note 11: Debt and Non-recourse debt for additional information. 
 
 NOTE 10: 
 ) Management contracts ) Club member relationships ) Capitalized software ) Marketing agreements 
 ) Other contract-related intangible assets 
 ) Total ) December 31, 2023 in millions) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount Trade name ) Management contracts ) Club member relationships ) Capitalized software ) Total ) 
 We acquired definite-life intangible assets as part of the Bluegreen Acquisition, which have been valued on a preliminary basis, in the amount of million as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. Refer to Note 3: Acquisitions for additional information. 
 Amortization expense on intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. intangible impairment charges were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11: 
 , due 2028 
 Term loan with a rate of , due 2031 
 Revolver with a rate of , due 2026 
 Senior notes with a rate of , due 2029 
 Senior notes with a rate of , due 2031 
 Senior notes with a rate of , due 2032 
 Other debt (4) 
 Total debt, gross Less: unamortized deferred financing costs and discounts (2)(3)(5) 
 ) ) Total debt, net 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, weighted-average interest rates were and , respectively. 
 (2) Amount includes unamortized deferred financing costs related to our term loans and senior notes of million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. This amount also includes unamortized original issuance discounts of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Amount does not include unamortized deferred financing costs of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to our revolving facility which are included in Other assets in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (4) This amount includes million related to the recourse portion on the NBA Receivables Facility, which is generally limited to the greater of of the outstanding borrowings and million, subject to certain exceptions. 
 (5) Amount also includes unamortized discount of million related to the Bluegreen debt recognized at the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. 
 Senior secured credit facility 
 On January 17, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 4 (the Amendment to the Credit Agreement and incurred million of new term loans that will mature on January 17, 2031. Proceeds from the new term loans were used to pay the Bluegreen Acquisition consideration, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Amendment and to refinance the repayment of certain indebtedness of Bluegreen and its subsidiaries. 
 On April 8, 2024, we amended our Term Loan due 2028 under the Senior secured credit facility. Under the amendment, the new interest rate is SOFR plus , down from SOFR plus . Also, the credit spread adjustment for the Term Loan due 2028 was removed. On July 18, 2024, we amended our Term Loan due 2031 under the Senior secured credit facility. Under the amendment, the new interest rate is SOFR plus , down from SOFR plus . 
 On October 8, 2024, we entered into a new million senior secured term loan Term Loan A due January 2028, with a pricing of SOFR plus . The proceeds were used to partially pre-pay the Term Loan due 2028. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had million of letters of credit outstanding under the revolving credit facility and million outstanding backed by cash collateral. We were in compliance with all applicable maintenance and financial covenants and ratios as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we have million remaining borrowing capacity under the revolver facility. 
 We primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy for our variable-rate debt. These interest rate swaps are associated with the SOFR-based senior secured credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, these interest rate swaps convert the SOFR-based variable rate on our Term Loan due 2028 to average fixed rates of per annum with maturities between 2026 and 2028, for the balance on this borrowing up to the notional values of our interest rate swaps. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate notional values of the interest rate swaps under our Term Loan due 2028 was million. Our interest rate swaps have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk and are recorded at their estimated fair value as an asset in Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the estimated fair values of our cash flow hedges were million and million, respectively. We characterize payments we make in connection with these derivative instruments as interest expense and a reclassification of accumulated other comprehensive income for presentation purposes. We classify cash inflows and outflows from derivatives that hedge interest rate risk within operating activities in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net Reclassifications to net income 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 On January 10, 2024, we completed an offering for million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2032 Senior Notes due 2032 issued by our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, LLC and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, Inc. Proceeds from the new secured notes were used to pay the Bluegreen Acquisition consideration, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Amendment and to refinance the repayment of certain indebtedness of Bluegreen and its subsidiaries. The Senior Notes due 2032 are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of our subsidiaries. We are in compliance with all applicable financial covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Senior Notes due 2029 and 2031 
 The Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of our subsidiaries. We are in compliance with all applicable financial covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Junior subordinated debentures 
 As part of the Bluegreen Acquisition, we assumed junior subordinated debentures. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the junior subordinated debentures were paid down in full for million. See Note 9: Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates for additional information. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 , due 2027 (2) 
 Grand Islander Timeshare Facility with an average rate of , due 2029 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2018 with a weighted average rate of , due 2032 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2019 with a weighted average rate of , due 2033 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2022-1 with a weighted average rate of , due 2034 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2022-2 with a weighted average rate of , due 2037 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2023 with a weighted average rate of , due 2038 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2024-2 with a weighted average rate of , due 2038 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2024-1 with a weighted average rate of , due 2039 
 HGV Securitized Debt 2020 with a weighted average rate of , due 2039 
 Grand Islander Securitized Debt 2017 with a weighted average rate of , due 2029 
 Grand Islander Securitized Debt 2019 with a weighted average rate of , due 2033 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2021 with a weighted average rate of , due 2033 
 Bluegreen Securitized Debt 2017 with a weighted average rate of , due 2032 
 Bluegreen Securitized Debt 2018 with a weighted average rate of , due 2034 
 Bluegreen Securitized Debt 2020 with a weighted average rate of , due 2036 
 Bluegreen Securitized Debt 2022 with a weighted average rate of , due 2037 
 Bluegreen Securitized Debt 2023 with a weighted average rate of , due 2038 
 Quorum Purchase Facility with an average rate of , due 2034 
 NBA Receivables Facility with an average rate of , due 2031 (5) 
 Total non-recourse debt, gross Less: unamortized deferred financing costs and discount (3)(4) 
 ) ) Total non-recourse debt, net 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, weighted-average interest rates were and , respectively. 
 (2) The revolving commitment period of the Timeshare Facility terminates in March 2026; however, the repayment maturity date extends 12 months beyond the commitment termination date to March 2027. 
 (3) Amount relates to securitized debt only and does not include unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, relating to our Timeshare Facility included in Other Assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (4) Amount also includes unamortized discount of million related to the Grand Islander securitized debt recognized at the Grand Islander Acquisition Date and unamortized discount of million related to the Bluegreen securitized and non-recourse debt recognized at the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. 
 (5) Recourse on the NBA Receivables Facility is generally limited to the greater of of the outstanding borrowings and million, subject to certain exceptions. 
 In April 2024, we completed a securitization of approximately million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued approximately million of notes, million of notes, million of notes, and million of notes due September 2039. The issued notes are backed by pledged assets, consisting primarily of a pool of Bluegreen timeshare financing receivables secured by first mortgages and a letter of credit. The notes are a non-recourse obligation and are payable solely from the pool of timeshare financing receivables pledged as collateral for the notes. The proceeds of the notes were used to pay down in part some of our existing debt and for other general corporate purposes. Additionally, in connection with the securitization, we incurred million in debt issuance costs. 
 In May 2024, we completed a securitization of approximately million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued approximately million of notes, million of notes, million of notes, and million of notes due March 2038. The issued notes are backed by pledged assets, consisting primarily of a pool of timeshare loans secured by first mortgages, first deeds of trust, membership interests or timeshare interests (other than a fee simple interest in real estate). The notes are a non-recourse obligation and are payable solely from the timeshare financing receivables pledged as collateral for the notes. The proceeds of the notes were used to pay down in part some of our existing debt and for other general corporate purposes. Additionally, in connection with the securitization, we incurred million in debt issuance costs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million. In March 2024, we renewed our Timeshare Facility agreement under new terms, which included extending the commitment and maturity period to March 2026 and March 2027, respectively, and permitting to pledge as collateral certain timeshare loans associated to Grand Islander. On January 31, 2024, we terminated the Grand Islander Timeshare Facility. In connection with the Bluegreen Acquisition, we acquired an additional timeshare facility which was subsequently terminated in February 2024. 
 We are required to deposit payments received from customers on the timeshare financing receivables securing the Timeshare Facility and Securitized Debt into depository accounts maintained by third parties. On a monthly basis, the depository accounts are utilized to make required principal, interest and other payments due under the respective loan agreements. The balances in the depository accounts were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were included in Restricted cash in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Debt Maturities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 12: 
 Liabilities: Debt, net (2) 
 Non-recourse debt, net (2) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value 
 in millions) Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 3 Assets: Timeshare financing receivables, net (1) 
 Liabilities: Debt, net (2) 
 Non-recourse debt, net (2) 
 
 (1) Carrying amount net of allowance for financing receivables losses. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13: 
 and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately and , respectively. The effective tax rate increase quarter over quarter is due to the overall change in earnings. The effective tax rate increase year over year is primarily due to the overall change in earnings partially offset by discrete items relative to income before taxes. The discrete items are primarily comprised of unrecognized tax benefits. The difference between our effective tax rate as compared to the U.S. statutory federal tax rate of 21 is primarily due to the impact of state and foreign income taxes, the jurisdictional mix of earnings, and discrete items, primarily unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 NOTE 14: 
 shares of our common stock are reserved for issuance. The 2017 Plans remain in place until all of the awards previously granted thereunder have been paid, forfeited or expired. Shares underlying awards that are canceled or forfeited under the 2017 Plans without the issuance of any shares are added to the 2023 Plan share pool. However, the shares which remained available for issuance under the 2017 Plans are no longer available for issuance, and all future awards will be granted pursuant to the 2023 Plan. 
 On March 4, 2024, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 to register shares of common stock, par value per share, of HGV s Common Stock that may be issued under the 2023 Plan in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, an exception under Rule 303A.08 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual Rule 303A.08 ). The shares of Common Stock registered represented the number of shares of Bluegreen common stock that were available for issuance under the Bluegreen s 2021 Incentive Plan immediately prior to the Bluegreen Acquisition, as appropriately adjusted to reflect the Bluegreen Acquisition and assumed by us, in accordance with Rule 303A.08. 
 On March 5, 2024, our Board of Directors approved transaction incentive awards Transaction Incentive Awards in connection with the Bluegreen Acquisition consisting of Performance RSUs and performance-based cash awards (the Performance Cash Awards for certain executive officers and employees. The Transaction Incentive Awards were granted under, and pursuant to the terms and conditions of, the 2023 Plan, and the award agreements approved by the Compensation Committee. The Performance Cash Awards are million and are payable based on the level of achievement of pre-established performance goals relating to run rate cost savings following an performance period commencing on the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, and ending on June 30, 2025. On September 30, 2024, due to achievement of certain run rate cost savings, fifty percent of the Performance Cash Awards vested and were payable to certain executive officers and employees. These performance cash awards were included within Acquisition and integration-related expense in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2023 Plan. We recognized share-based compensation expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation costs for unvested awards were approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Service RSUs 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued Service RSUs with a weighted-average grant date fair value of , which generally vest in equal annual installments over from the date of grant. 
 Options 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we granted Options with a weighted-average exercise price of , which generally vest over from the date of the grant. , which was determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the assumptions included in the table below. Expected volatility is calculated using the historical volatility of our share price. Risk-free rate is based on the Treasury Constant Maturity Rate closest to the expected life as of the grant date. Expected term is estimated using the vesting period and contractual term of the Options. 
 Dividend yield (1) 
 Risk-free rate - 
 Expected term (in years) 
 (1) At the date of grant we had no plans to pay dividends during the expected term of these options. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had Options outstanding that were exercisable. 
 Performance RSUs 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued Performance RSUs with a weighted-average grant date fair value of . The Performance RSUs are settled at the end of a performance period, with of the Performance RSUs subject to achievement based on the Company s adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes and depreciation and amortization, further adjusted for net deferral and recognition of revenues and related direct expenses related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction. The remaining of the Performance RSUs are subject to the achievement of certain contract sales targets. 
 As part of the Transaction Incentive Awards, we issued Performance RSUs with a grant date fair value of . These Performance RSUs are settled at the end of a performance period commencing as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date, with of the Performance RSUs subject to achievement based on the Company s adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes and depreciation and amortization, further adjusted for net deferral and recognition of revenues and related direct expenses related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction. The remaining of the Performance RSUs are subject to the achievement of certain run rate cost savings. These Performance RSUs are subject to the executive s continued employment with the Company. 
 We determined that the performance conditions for our Performance RSUs are probable of achievement and, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, we recognized compensation expense based on the number of Performance RSUs we expect to vest. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 million shares of common stock which may be purchased under the ESPP. The Board of Directors amended the ESPP plan in 2022 to allow eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share not less than of the fair market value per share of common stock on the first day of the Purchase Period or the last day of the Purchase Period, whichever is lower, up to a maximum threshold established by the plan administrator for the offering period. The amendment became effective in 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized less than million of compensation expense related to this plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million of compensation expense related to this plan. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized less than million of compensation expense related to this plan, respectively. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15: 
 Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic EPS (1) 
 Diluted EPS: Numerator: Net income attributable to stockholders 
 Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted EPS (1) 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 RSUs (2) , PSUs (3) , Options (4) and ESPP 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 (1) Earnings per share amounts are calculated using whole numbers. 
 (2) Excludes approximately and shares of RSUs that would have been anti-dilutive to EPS under the treasury stock method for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Also excludes approximately shares of RSUs that would have been anti-dilutive to EPS under the treasury stock method for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These RSUs could potentially dilute EPS in the future. There were anti-dilutive RSUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Excludes approximately and shares of PSUs that would have been anti-dilutive to EPS under the treasury stock method for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. These PSUs could potentially dilute EPS in the future. There were anti-dilutive PSUs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (4) Excludes approximately and shares of Options that would have been anti-dilutive to EPS under the treasury stock method for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Also excludes approximately and shares of Options that would have been anti-dilutive to EPS under the treasury stock method for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These Options could potentially dilute EPS in the future. 
 Share Repurchases 
 On May 3, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of million of its outstanding shares of common stock over a period (the 2023 Repurchase Plan ). On August 7, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of million of our outstanding shares of common stock over a period (the 2024 Repurchase Plan ), which is in addition to the 2023 Share Repurchase Plan. 
 Repurchases As of September 30, 2024 
 
 From October 1, 2024 through October 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately million shares for million. As of October 31, 2024, we had million of remaining availability under the share repurchase programs, of which million was under the 2023 Repurchase Plan and million was under the 2024 Repurchase Plan. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 16: 
 
 Commissions and other fees 
 We also had million and million of outstanding receivables related to these fee-for-service agreements included in Accounts receivable, net on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 17: 
 reportable segments: 
 Real estate sales and financing We market and sell VOIs that we own. We also source VOIs through fee-for-service agreements with third-party developers. Related to the sales of the VOIs that we own, we provide consumer financing, which includes interest income generated from the origination of consumer loans to customers to finance their purchase of VOIs and revenue from servicing the loans. We also generate fee revenue from servicing the loans provided by third-party developers to purchasers of their VOIs. 
 Resort operations and club management We manage the clubs and earn activation fees, annual dues and transaction fees from member exchanges for other vacation products. We also earn fees for managing the timeshare properties. We generate rental revenue from unit rentals of unsold inventory and inventory made available due to ownership exchanges under our club programs. We also earn revenue from food and beverage, retail and spa outlets at our timeshare properties. 
 The performance of our operating segments, which are also our reportable segments, is evaluated primarily based on adjusted earnings before interest expense (excluding non-recourse debt), taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, further adjusted to exclude certain items, including, but not limited to, gains, losses and expenses in connection with: (i) other gains, including asset dispositions and foreign currency transactions; (ii) debt restructurings/retirements; (iii) non-cash impairment losses; (iv) share-based and other compensation expenses; and (v) other items, including but not limited to costs associated with acquisitions, restructuring, amortization of premiums and discounts resulting from purchase accounting, and other non-cash and one-time charges. 
 We do not include equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates in our measures of segment operating performance. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Resort operations and club management (1) 
 Total segment revenues Cost reimbursements Intersegment eliminations (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total revenues 
 
 Resort operations and club management (1) 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA Acquisition and integration-related expense ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) License fee expense ) ) ) ) Other gain (loss), net 
 ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) ) Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Impairment expense 
 ) ) Other adjustment items (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Net income 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Net income attributable to stockholders 
 
 (1) Includes intersegment transactions. Refer to our table presenting revenues by reportable segment above for additional discussion. 
 (2) These amounts include costs associated with share-based compensation, restructuring, one-time charges and other non-cash items included within our reportable segments. 
 
 NOTE 18: 
 exclusive marketing agreement with Bass Pro Shops Bass Pro ), a nationally-recognized retailer of fishing, marine, hunting, camping and sports gear, that provides us with the right to market and sell vacation packages at kiosks in Bass Pro s and Cabela s retail locations and through other means. This agreement became effective on the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. As a part of this agreement, we are required to make certain minimum annual payments and certain variable payments based upon the number of travel packages sold during the year or the number of Bass Pro and Cabela s retail locations HGV maintains during the year. 
 As of September 30, 2024, HGV had sales and marketing operations at a total of Bass Pro Shops and Cabela s Stores, including virtual kiosks. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 million of inventory over a period of and million of other commitments in the normal course of business. We are also committed to an agreement to exchange parcels of land in Hawaii, subject to the successful completion of zoning, land use requirements and other applicable regulatory requirements. The actual amount and timing of the acquisitions are subject to change pursuant to the terms of the respective arrangements, which could also allow for cancellation in certain circumstances. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we fulfilled million of purchases required under our inventory commitments for properties in Japan. 
 Inventory purchase obligations (1) 
 Other commitments (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Commitments for a properties in Japan and Missouri. 
 (2) Primarily relates to commitments related to information technology and sponsorships. 
 On October 8, 2024, we fulfilled our inventory commitment and purchased a property in Japan for million. 
 Litigation Contingencies 
 We are involved in litigation arising from the normal course of business, some of which include claims for substantial sums. We evaluate these legal proceedings and claims at each balance sheet date to determine the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred, our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss. We record a contingent litigation liability when it is determined that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we accrued liabilities of approximately million for all legal matters, none of which relate to the judgment entered against Diamond in March 2022 in connection with a case filed in 2015 O Malley v. Diamond Resorts Management, Inc. ). During the first quarter of 2024, the judgment entered in O Malley v. Diamond Resorts Management, Inc. was fully satisfied for approximately million. Of this million, we made a payment of approximately million and our insurance policies covered the remaining million. Since we received the portion from our insurance policies, we no longer have an insurance claim receivable within Accounts receivable, net in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized charges of approximately million to General and administrative in our unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations that represents the amount of the settlement liability not deemed probable of recovery from the insurance carriers, prior to the full settlement of the matter. In May 2024, we settled an additional legal matter for approximately million that was previously recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 O n July 22, 2024, an adverse interim award was entered in an arbitration related to a matter that existed as of the Bluegreen Acquisition Date involving Bluegreen Vacations Unlimited, Inc., a Bluegreen subsidiary, in connection with an alleged breach of a purchase and sale agreement for The Manhattan Club property in New York, New York. Prior to any decision by the arbitration panel on potential damages for breach, the interim award allows Bluegreen to propose a cure for the breach, which may involve purchases of inventory at The Manhattan Club and assuming the management agreement for The Manhattan Club. The Company is currently evaluating potential cure or other resolution of this matter, which is not currently estimable and could potentially result in a measurement period adjustment related to the liabilities assumed as part of the Bluegreen Acquisition. The Company has also filed a petition to vacate the interim award in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. 
 While we currently believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows, or materially adversely affect overall trends in our results of operations, legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and unfavorable rulings could, individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 million as of September 30, 2024, which primarily consist of escrow, subsidy and construction related bonds. 
 
 NOTE 19: 
 million securitization of timeshare loans through Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2024-3 with an overall weighted average interest rate of and an overall advance rate of . The proceeds will primarily be used to pay down debt and for other general corporate purposes. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements convey management s expectations as to the future of HGV, and are based on management s beliefs, expectations, assumptions and such plans, estimates, projections and other information available to management at the time HGV makes such statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by terminology such as the words outlook, believe, expect, potential, goal, continues, may, will, should, could, would, seeks, approximately, projects, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, future, guidance, target, or the negative version of these words or other comparable words, although not all forward-looking statements may contain such words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include statements related to HGV s revenues, earnings, taxes, cash flow and related financial and operating measures, and expectations with respect to future operating, financial and business performance, and other anticipated future events and expectations that are not historical facts, including related to the acquisition and integration of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation Bluegreen ). 
 HGV cautions you that our forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those that are beyond HGV s control, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results. Any one or more of these risks or uncertainties, including those related to HGV s acquisition and integration of Bluegreen, could adversely impact HGV s operations, revenue, operating profits and margins, key business operational metrics discussed under Operational Metrics below, financial condition or credit rating. 
 For additional information regarding factors that could cause HGV s actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, please see the risk factors discussed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and the Summary of Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as supplemented and updated by the risk factors described from time to time in other periodic reports that we file with the SEC. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business. Except for HGV s ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, changes in management s expectations, or otherwise. 
 Terms Used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Except where the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to Hilton Grand Vacations, HGV, the Company, we, us and our refer to Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Except where the context requires otherwise, references to our properties or resorts refer to the timeshare properties that we manage or own. Of these resorts and units, a portion is directly owned by us or joint ventures in which we have an interest; and the remaining resorts and units are owned by our third-party owners. 
 Developed refers to VOI inventory that is sourced from projects developed by HGV. 
 Fee for service refers to VOI inventory that we sell and manage on behalf of third-party developers. 
 Just-in-time refers to VOI inventory that is primarily sourced in transactions that are designed to closely correlate the timing of the acquisition by us with our sale of that inventory to purchasers. 
 Points-based refers to VOI sales that are backed by physical real estate that is or will be contributed to a trust. 
 VOI refers to vacation ownership intervals and interests. 
 Collections refers to the acquired portfolio of resort properties included in Diamond's single- and multi-use trusts. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes discussion of terms that are not recognized terms under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), and financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including earnings before interest expense (excluding interest expense relating to our non-recourse debt), 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 taxes and depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders, fee-for-service commissions and brand fees, sales and marketing expense, net, sales revenue, real estate expense, and profits and profit margins for our real estate, financing, resort and club management, and rental and ancillary services. 
 Operational Metrics 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes discussion of key business operational metrics, including contract sales, tour flow, and volume per guest VPG ). 
 See Key Business and Financial Metrics and Results of Operations for a discussion of the meanings of these terms, the Company s reasons for providing the applicable non-GAAP financial measures, and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Overview 
 Our Business 
 We are a global timeshare company engaged in developing, marketing, selling, managing and operating timeshare resorts, timeshare plans and ancillary reservation services, primarily under the Hilton Grand Vacations brands. On January 17, 2024 Bluegreen Acquisition Date ), we completed the acquisition of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation Bluegreen (the Bluegreen Acquisition ). 
 Our operations primarily consist of: selling VOIs for us and third parties; financing and servicing loans provided to consumers for their VOI purchases; operating resorts and timeshare plans; and managing our clubs and exchange programs that include HGV Max, Hilton Grand Vacations Club, Hilton Club, Diamond clubs and Bluegreen Vacation Club (collectively referred to as Clubs ). 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have approximately 200 properties located in the United States U.S. ), Europe, the Caribbean, Mexico, Canada, and Asia. A significant number of our properties and VOIs are concentrated in Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, South Carolina, Arizona, Virginia, and Nevada, inclusive of the new locations we have expanded into through the Bluegreen Acquisition. Our properties feature spacious, condominium-style accommodations with superior amenities and quality service. We are in the process of rebranding many of the Diamond properties and anticipate rebranding the majority of Bluegreen properties. We expect to begin rebranding of certain Bluegreen properties in 2025 to the Hilton Grand Vacations brands and Hilton standards. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 722,000 members across our Club offerings. Based on the type of Club membership, certain members have the flexibility to exchange their VOIs for stays at any Hilton Grand Vacations resort, any property in the Hilton system of 24 industry-leading brands across approximately 8,000 properties, or affiliated properties, as well as numerous experiential vacation options, such as cruises and guided tours, or they have the option to exchange their VOI for various other timeshare resorts throughout the world through an external exchange program, including travel services options. Bluegreen Vacation Club members have the flexibility to stay at units available at any of Bluegreen s resorts and have access to other hotels and resorts through Bluegreen partnerships and exchange networks. 
 Our Segments 
 We operate our business across two segments: (1) Real estate sales and financing; and (2) Resort operations and club management. 
 Real Estate Sales and Financing 
 Our deeded VOI product that we market and sell is fee-simple, deeded in perpetuity and right to use real estate interests, developed either by us or by third parties. This ownership interest is generally equivalent to one week on an annual or biennial basis, at the timeshare resort in which the VOI is located. 
 Our trust VOI product that we market and sell is a beneficial interest in one of our Collections, which are represented by an annual or biennial allotment of points that can be utilized for vacations at any of the resorts in that Collection. In general, purchasers of a VOI in a collection do not acquire a direct ownership interest in the resort properties in the Collection. Rather, for each Collection, one or more trustees hold legal title to the deeded fee simple real estate interests or the functional equivalent, or, in some cases, leasehold real estate interests for the benefit of the respective Collection s association members in accordance with the applicable agreements. 
 Through the Bluegreen Acquisition, we also offer a points-based use right in perpetuity coupled with a freehold estate whereby upon purchase of a VOI, the purchaser directs conveyance of the VOI to the trustee of the Bluegreen Vacation Club who holds the timeshare interest pursuant to the Bluegreen Vacation Club Trust Agreement, dated as of May 18, 1994. At the time of conveyance of the timeshare interest, the purchaser becomes a member and is designated an 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Owner Beneficiary of the Bluegreen Vacation Club. Bluegreen Vacation Club members may use their allotment of points for stays at Bluegreen s resorts or other hotels and resorts available through partnerships and exchange networks. 
 Traditionally, timeshare operators have funded 100 of the investment necessary to acquire land and construct timeshare properties. We source VOIs through developed properties and fee-for-service and just-in-time agreements with third-party developers and have focused our inventory strategy on developing an optimal inventory mix. The fee-for-service agreements enable us to generate fees from the sales and marketing of the VOIs and Club memberships and from the management of the timeshare properties without requiring us to fund acquisition and construction costs. The just-in-time agreements enable us to source VOI inventory in a manner that allows us to correlate the timing of acquisition of the inventory with the sale to purchasers. Sales of owned, including just-in-time, inventory generally result in greater Adjusted EBITDA contributions, while fee-for-service sales require less initial investment and allow us to accelerate our sales growth. Both sales of owned inventory and fee-for-service sales generate long-term, predictable fee streams, by adding to the Club membership base and properties under management, that generate strong returns on invested capital. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, sales from fee-for-service and just-in-time inventory were 18 , and 21 of contract sales, respectively. See Key Business and Financial Metrics Real Estate Sales Operating Metrics for additional discussion of contract sales. The estimated contract sales value related to our inventory that is currently available for sale at open or soon-to-be open projects and inventory at new or existing projects that will become available for sale in the future upon registration, delivery or construction is 12.9 billion at current pricing. Capital efficient arrangements, comprised of our fee-for-service and just-in-time inventory, represented approximately 29 of that supply. We believe that the visibility into our long-term supply allows us to efficiently manage inventory to meet predicted sales, reduce capital investments, minimize our exposure to the cyclicality of the real estate market and mitigate the risks of entering into new markets. 
 We sell our vacation ownership products primarily through our distribution network of both-in-market and off-site sales centers. Our products are currently marketed for sale throughout the United States, Mexico, Canada, Europe, and Asia. We operate sales distribution centers in major markets and popular leisure destinations with year-round demand and a history of being a friendly environment for vacation ownership. We have approximately 100 sales distribution centers in various domestic and international locations. Our marketing and sales activities are based on targeted direct marketing and a highly personalized sales approach. We use targeted direct marketing to reach potential members who are identified as having the financial ability to pay for our products, are frequent leisure travelers, and have an affinity with our brands. 
 With the Bluegreen Acquisition, our marketing and sales activities also include marketing relationships with nationally-recognized consumer brands such as Bass Pro, a fishing, marine, hunting, camping and sports gear retailer, and Choice Hotels. In November 2023, HGV signed a 10-year exclusive marketing agreement with Bass Pro that provides HGV with the right to market and sell vacation packages at kiosks in Bass Pro s and Cabela s retail locations and through other means. This agreement became effective on the Bluegreen Acquisition Date. As of September 30, 2024, HGV had sales and marketing operations at a total of 132 Bass Pro Shops and Cabela s Stores, including 9 virtual kiosks. Additionally, the joint venture between HGV and Bass Pro includes four high-end wilderness resorts under the Big Cedar Lodge brand. We also assumed an exclusive strategic relationship with Choice Hotels that involves several areas of its business, including a sales and marketing alliance that enables us to leverage Choice Hotels brands, customer relationships and marketing channels to sell vacation packages. 
 Tour flow quality impacts key metrics such as close rate and VPG, defined in Key Business and Financial Metrics Real Estate Sales Operating Metrics . Additionally, the quality of tour flow impacts sales revenue and the collectability of our timeshare financing receivables. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 70 of our contract sales were to our existing owners, compared to 69 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We provide financing for members purchasing our developed and acquired inventory and generate interest income on the loans. Our timeshare financing receivables are collateralized by the underlying VOIs and are generally structured as 10-year , fully-amortizing loans that bear a fixed interest rate typically ranging from 2.5 to 25 per annum. Financing propensity was 69 and 62 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We calculate financing propensity as contract sales volume of financed contracts originated in the period divided by all contract sales volume originated in the period. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The interest rate on our loans is determined by, among other factors, the amount of the down payment, the borrower s credit profile and the loan term. The weighted-average FICO score for loans to U.S. and Canadian borrowers at the time of origination were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Weighted-average FICO score 740 734 
 Prepayment is permitted without penalty. When a member defaults, we ultimately return their VOI to inventory for resale and that member no longer participates in our Clubs. 
 Some of our timeshare financing receivables have been pledged as collateral in our securitization transactions, which have in the past and may in the future provide funding for our business activities. In these securitization transactions, special purpose entities are established to issue various classes of debt securities which are generally collateralized by a single pool of assets consisting of timeshare financing receivables that we service and related cash deposits. For additional information see Note 6: Timeshare Financing Receivables in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition, we earn fees from servicing our securitized timeshare financing receivables and the loans provided by third-party developers of our fee-for-service projects to purchasers of their VOIs. 
 Resort Operations and Club Management 
 We enter into management agreements with the HOAs of the timeshare resorts developed by us or a third party. Each of the HOAs is governed by a board of directors comprised of owner and developer representatives that are charged with ensuring the resorts are well-maintained and financially stable. Our services include day-to-day operations of the resorts, maintenance of the resorts, preparation of books and financial records including reports, budgets and projections, arranging for annual audits and maintenance fee billing and collections and employment training and personnel oversight. Our HOA management agreements provide for a cost-plus management fee, which means we generally earn a fee equal to 10 to 15 of the costs to operate the applicable resort. As a result, the fees we earn are highly predictable due to the relatively fixed nature of resort operating expenses and our management fees are unaffected by changes in rental rate or occupancy. We are also reimbursed for the costs incurred to perform our services, principally related to personnel providing on-site services. The original terms of our management agreements typically range fro m three to five years and the agreements are subject to periodic renewal for one to three-year periods. Many of these agreements renew automatically unless either party provides advance notice of termination before the expiration of the term. 
 We also manage and operate the Clubs and exchange programs. When owners purchase a VOI, they are generally enrolled in a Club which allows the member to exchange their points for a number of vacation options. In addition to an annual membership fee, Club members pay incremental fees depending on exchanges they choose within the Club system. 
 We rent unsold VOI inventory, third-party inventory and inventory made available due to ownership exchanges through our Club programs. We earn a fee from rentals of third-party inventory. Additionally, we provide ancillary offerings including food and beverage, retail and spa offerings at these timeshare properties. 
 
 Key Business and Financial Metrics 
 Real Estate Sales Operating Metrics 
 We measure our performance using the following key operating metrics: 
 Contract sales represents the total amount of VOI products (fee-for-service, just-in-time, developed, and points-based) under purchase agreements signed during the period where we have received a down payment of at least 10 of the contract price. Contract sales differ from revenues from the Sales of VOIs, net that we report in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations due to the requirements for revenue recognition, as well as adjustments for incentives. While we do not record the purchase price of sales of VOI products developed by fee-for-service partners as revenue in our condensed consolidated financial statements, rather recording the commission earned as revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we believe contract sales to be an important operational metric, reflective of the overall volume and pace of sales in our business and believe it provides meaningful comparability of our results to the results of our competitors which may source their VOI products differently. We believe that the presentation of contract sales on a combined basis (fee-for-service, just-in-time, 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 developed and points-based) is most appropriate for the purpose of the operating metric; additional information regarding the split of contract sales, is included in Real Estate below. 
 Tour flow represents the number of sales presentations given at our sales centers during the period. 
 VPG represents the sales attributable to tours at our sales locations and is calculated by dividing contract sales, excluding telesales, by tour flow. We consider VPG to be an important operating measure because it measures the effectiveness of our sales process, combining the average transaction price with the closing rate. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders 
 EBITDA, presented herein, is a financial measure that is not recognized under U.S. GAAP that reflects net income, before interest expense (excluding non-recourse debt), a provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, presented herein, is calculated as EBITDA, as previously defined, further adjusted to exclude certain items, including, but not limited to, gains, losses and expenses in connection with: (i) other gains, including asset dispositions and foreign currency transactions; (ii) debt restructurings/retirements; (iii) non-cash impairment losses; (iv) share-based and other compensation expenses; and (v) other items, including but not limited to costs associated with acquisitions, restructuring, amortization of premiums and discounts resulting from purchase accounting, and other non-cash and one-time charges. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders is Adjusted EBITDA excluding amounts attributable to the noncontrolling interest in Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations LLC, a joint venture in which HGV is deemed to hold a controlling financial interest based on its 51 equity interest Big Cedar ), its active role as the day-to-day manager of its activities, and majority voting control of its management committee. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders are not recognized terms under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, our definitions of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 We believe that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders provide useful information to investors about us and our financial condition and results of operations for the following reasons: (i) EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions; and (ii) EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a common performance measure to compare results or estimate valuations across companies in our industry. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for net income, cash flow or other methods of analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders do not reflect our interest expense (excluding interest expense on non-recourse debt), or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our indebtedness; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders do not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders do not reflect the effect on earnings or changes resulting from matters that we consider not to be indicative of our future operations; 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders do not reflect any cash requirements for future replacements of assets that are being depreciated and amortized; and 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders may be calculated differently from other companies in our industry limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Because of these limitations, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders should not be considered as discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. 
 See below under Segment Results for reconciliation of our EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders to net income attributable to stockholders and net income, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 Non-GAAP Measures within Our Segments 
 Within each of our two reportable segments, we present additional profit and profit margin information for certain key activities real estate, financing, resort and club management, and rental and ancillary services. These non-GAAP measures are used by our management team to evaluate the operating performance of each of our key activities, and to make day-to-day operating decisions. We believe these additional measures are also important in helping investors understand the performance and efficiency with which we are able to convert revenues for each of these primary activities into operating profit, both in dollars and as margins, and are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as one of common performance measures to compare results or estimate valuations across companies in our industry. Specifically: 
 Sales revenue represents sales of VOIs, net, and Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees earned from the sale of fee-for-service VOIs. Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees represents sales, marketing, brand and other fees, which corresponds to the applicable line item from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations, adjusted by marketing revenue and other fees earned primarily from discounted marketing related packages which encompass a sales tour to prospective owners. Real estate expense represents costs of VOI sales and Sales and marketing expense, net . Sales and marketing expense, net represents sales and marketing expense, which corresponds to the applicable line item from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations, adjusted by marketing revenue and other fees earned primarily from discounted marketing related packages which encompass a sales tour to prospective owners. Both fee-for-service commissions and brand fees and sales and marketing expense, net , represent non-GAAP measures. We present these items net because it provides a meaningful measure of our underlying real estate profit related to our primary real estate activities which focus on the sales and costs associated with our VOIs. 
 Real estate profit represents sales revenue less real estate expense. Real estate margin is calculated as a percentage by dividing real estate profit by sales revenue. We consider real estate profit margin to be an important non-GAAP operating measure because it measures the efficiency of our sales and marketing spending, management of inventory costs, and initiatives intended to improve profitability. 
 Financing profit represents financing revenue, net of financing expense, both of which correspond to the applicable line items from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Financing profit margin is calculated as a percentage by dividing financing profit by financing revenue. We consider this to be an important non-GAAP operating measure because it measures the efficiency and profitability of our financing business in connection with our VOI sales. 
 Resort and club management profit represents resort and club management revenue, net of resort and club management expense, both of which correspond to the applicable line items from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Resort and club management profit margin is calculated as a percentage by dividing resort and club management profit by resort and club management revenue. We consider this to be an important non-GAAP operating measure because it measures the efficiency and profitability of our resort and club management business that support our VOI sales business. 
 Rental and ancillary services profit represents rental and ancillary services revenues, net of rental and ancillary services expenses, both of which correspond to the applicable line items from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Rental and ancillary services profit margin is calculated as a percentage by dividing rental and ancillary services profit by rental and ancillary services revenue. We consider this to be an important non-GAAP operating measure because it measures our ability to convert available inventory and unoccupied rooms into revenue and profit by transient rentals, as well as profitability of other services, such as food and beverage, retail, spa offerings and other guest services. 
 Each of the foregoing four profit measures is not a recognized term under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, our calculation of such measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 companies. Furthermore, these measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other methods of analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Such limitations include the fact that these measures only include those revenues and expenses related to one of the four specified operating activities as opposed to on a consolidated basis, and other limitations that are similar to those discussed above under EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders. See below under Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Profit Measures to GAAP Measure for reconciliation of these four profit measures to net income attributable to stockholders and net income, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Segment Results 
 The following tables present our revenues by segment. We do not include equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates in our measures of segment operating performance. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Real estate sales and financing 814 612 202 33.0 2,241 1,766 475 26.9 Resort operations and club management 
 383 322 61 18.9 1,129 944 185 19.6 Total segment revenues 1,197 934 263 28.2 3,370 2,710 660 24.4 Cost reimbursements 130 97 33 34.0 381 289 92 31.8 Intersegment eliminations (1) 
 (21) (13) (8) 61.5 (54) (40) (14) 35.0 Total revenues 1,306 1,018 288 28.3 3,697 2,959 738 24.9 
 (1) See Note 17: Business Segments in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for details on the intersegment eliminations. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles net income attributable to stockholders and net income, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to stockholders 29 92 (63) (68.5) 27 245 (218) (89.0) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 3 3 100.0 7 7 100.0 Net income 32 92 (60) (65.2) 34 245 (211) (86.1) Interest expense 84 45 39 86.7 250 133 117 88.0 Income tax expense 
 61 44 17 38.6 53 96 (43) (44.8) Depreciation and amortization 68 53 15 28.3 198 156 42 26.9 Interest expense, depreciation and amortization included in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates (1) (1) 100.0 2 1 1 100.0 EBITDA 244 234 10 4.3 537 631 (94) (14.9) Other (gain) loss, net 
 (9) 1 (10) NM (1) (3) 2 (66.7) Share-based compensation expense 11 12 (1) (8.3) 38 38 Impairment expense 100.0 2 3 (1) (33.3) Acquisition and integration-related expense 36 12 24 NM 193 42 151 NM Other adjustment items (2) 
 25 10 15 NM 80 24 56 NM Adjusted EBITDA 307 269 38 14.1 849 735 114 15.5 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 4 4 100.0 11 11 100.0 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to stockholders 
 303 269 34 12.6 838 735 103 14.0 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) These amounts include costs associated with restructuring, one-time charges, other non-cash items, and amortization of fair value premiums and discounts resulting from purchase accounting. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluate our business segment operating performance using segment Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders, as described in Note 17: Business Segments in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. For a discussion of our definition of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders, how management uses them to manage our business and material limitations on their usefulness, refer to Key Business and Financial Metrics EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders. The following table reconciles our segment Adjusted EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to Stockholders: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Adjusted EBITDA: Real estate sales and financing (1) 
 233 205 28 13.7 632 563 69 12.3 Resort operations and club management (1) 
 156 126 30 23.8 442 358 84 23.5 Adjustments: Adjusted EBITDA from unconsolidated affiliates 3 2 1 50.0 14 8 6 75.0 License fee expense (49) (37) (12) 32.4 (124) (101) (23) 22.8 General and administrative (2) 
 (36) (27) (9) 33.3 (115) (93) (22) 23.7 Adjusted EBITDA 307 269 38 14.1 849 735 114 15.5 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 4 4 100.0 11 11 100.0 Total Adjusted EBITDA attributable to stockholders 
 303 269 34 12.6 838 735 103 14.0 
 (1) Includes intersegment transactions, share-based compensation, depreciation and other adjustments attributable to the segments. 
 (2) Adjusts for segment related share-based compensation, depreciation and other adjustment items. 
 Real estate sales and financing Adjusted EBITDA increased by 28 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. For the same period, Real estate sales and financing Adjusted EBITDA decreased 24 million excluding the 52 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to decreases in fee-for-service commissions, brand and other fees and marketing revenue and increases in overall real estate expenses, partially offset by an increase in Sales of VOI, net. 
 Real estate sales and financing Adjusted EBITDA increased 69 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. For the same period, Real estate sales and financing Adjusted EBITDA decreased 66 million, excluding the 135 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to decreases in Sales, marketing, brand and other fees revenue and overall real estate expenses partially offset by increases in financing profit. 
 Refer to Real Estate and Financing for further discussion on the revenues and expenses of the Real estate sales and financing segment. 
 Resort operations and club management segment adjusted EBITDA increased by 30 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. For the same period, Resort operations and club management segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by 4 million, excluding the 26 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to increases in resort and club management revenue and rental and ancillary services revenue partially offset by increases in resort and club management and rental expenses. 
 Resort operations and club management segment adjusted EBITDA increased by 84 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. For the same period, Resort operations and club management segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by 23 million, excluding the 61 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to increases in resort and club management revenue and rental and ancillary services revenue partially offset by increases in resort and club management and rental expenses. 
 Refer to Resort and Club Management and Rental and Ancillary Services for further discussion on the revenues and expenses of the Resort operations and club management segment. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Profit Measures to GAAP Measure 
 The following table reconciles net income attributable to stockholders and net income, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, to EBITDA and the total of our real estate, financing, resort and club management, and rental and ancillary services profit measures. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to stockholders 29 92 (63) (68.5) 27 245 (218) (89.0) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 3 3 100.0 7 7 100.0 Net income 32 92 (60) (65.2) 34 245 (211) (86.1) Interest expense 84 45 39 86.7 250 133 117 88.0 Income tax expense 
 61 44 17 38.6 53 96 (43) (44.8) Depreciation and amortization 68 53 15 28.3 198 156 42 26.9 Interest expense, depreciation and amortization included in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates (1) (1) 100.0 2 1 1 100.0 EBITDA 244 234 10 4.3 537 631 (94) (14.9) Other (gain) loss, net 
 (9) 1 (10) NM (1) (3) 2 (66.7) Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates (2) 
 (3) (2) (1) 50.0 (14) (8) (6) 75.0 Impairment expense 
 100.0 2 3 (1) (33.3) License fee expense 49 37 12 32.4 124 101 (23) 22.8 Acquisition and integration-related expense 36 12 24 NM 193 42 151 NM General and administrative 44 40 4 10.0 147 130 17 13.1 Profit 361 322 39 12.1 988 896 92 10.3 Real estate profit 167 160 7 4.4 421 429 (8) (1.9) Financing profit 60 50 10 20.0 183 152 31 20.4 Resort and club management profit 129 95 34 35.8 364 273 91 33.3 Rental and ancillary services profit 5 17 (12) (70.6) 20 42 (22) (52.4) Profit 361 322 39 12.1 988 896 92 10.3 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) Excludes impact of interest expense, depreciation and amortization included in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates of (1) million and 2 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Real Estate Measures to GAAP Measures 
 The following table reconciles our Sales, marketing, brand and other fees revenue, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, to Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees, and Sales and marketing expense, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, to Sales and marketing expense, net. Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees and Sales and marketing expense, net, are used in calculating our real estate profit and real estate profit margin. See Real Estate Sales and Financing Segment Real Estate below. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 
 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales, marketing, brand and other fees 159 170 (11) (6.5) 471 501 (30) (6.0) Less: Marketing revenue and other fees (1) 
 (76) (63) (13) 20.6 (236) (176) (60) 34.1 Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees 83 107 (24) (22.4) 235 325 (90) (27.7) Sales and marketing expense 467 334 133 39.8 1,321 971 350 36.0 Less: Marketing revenue and other fees (1) 
 (76) (63) (13) 20.6 (236) (176) (60) 34.1 Sales and marketing expense, net 391 271 120 44.3 1,085 795 290 36.5 
 (1) Includes revenue recognized through our marketing programs for existing owners and prospective first-time buyers and revenue associated with sales incentives, title service and document compliance. 
 Real Estate Sales and Financing Segment 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), revenue and the related costs to fulfill and acquire the contract direct costs from sales of VOIs under construction are deferred until the point in time when construction activities are deemed to be completed. The real estate sales and financing segment is impacted by construction related deferral and recognition activity. In periods where Sales of VOIs and related direct costs of projects under construction are deferred, margin percentages will generally contract as the indirect marketing and selling costs associated with these sales are recognized as incurred in the current period. In periods where previously deferred Sales of VOIs and related direct costs are recognized upon construction completion, margin percentages will generally expand as the indirect marketing and selling costs associated with these sales were recognized in prior periods. 
 The following table represents deferrals and recognitions of Sales of VOI revenue and direct costs for properties under construction: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales of VOIs (deferrals) (9) (12) 3 (68) (18) (50) Sales of VOIs recognitions 58 58 106 4 102 Net Sales of VOIs recognitions (deferrals) 
 49 (12) 61 38 (14) 52 Cost of VOI sales (deferrals) (3) (3) (20) (4) (16) Cost of VOI sales recognitions 18 18 30 1 29 Net Cost of VOI sales recognitions (deferrals) 
 15 (3) 18 10 (3) 13 Sales and marketing expense (deferrals) (1) (2) 1 (9) (3) (6) Sales and marketing expense recognitions 8 8 15 1 14 Net Sales and marketing expense recognitions (deferrals) 
 7 (2) 9 6 (2) 8 Net construction recognitions (deferrals) 
 27 (7) 34 22 (9) 31 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Real Estate 
 See Reconciliation of Profit Measures to GAAP Measure above. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 in millions, except Tour flow and VPG) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contract sales 777 603 174 28.9 2,165 1,738 427 24.6 Adjustments: Fee-for-service sales (2) 
 (139) (174) 35 (20.1) (387) (528) 141 (26.7) Provision for financing receivables losses (114) (46) (68) NM (272) (117) (155) NM Reportability and other: Net recognition (deferral) of sales of VOIs under construction (3) 
 49 (12) 61 NM 38 (14) 52 NM Fee-for-service sale upgrades, net 6 (6) (100.0) 18 (18) (100.0) Other (4) 
 (23) (10) (13) NM (85) (57) (28) 49.1 Sales of VOIs, net 550 367 183 49.9 1,459 1,040 419 40.3 Tour flow 227,790 163,699 64,091 628,316 456,411 171,905 VPG 3,392 3,656 (264) 3,423 3,771 (348) 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) Represents contract sales from fee-for-service properties on which we earn Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees. 
 (3) Represents the net recognition of revenues related to the Sales of VOIs under construction that are recognized when construction is complete. 
 (4) Includes adjustments for revenue recognition, including amounts in rescission and sales incentives. 
 Contract sales increased by 174 million and 427 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. Excluding the impact of 194 million and 519 million related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, contract sales decreased 20 million and 92 million, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in tour flow and VPG, when compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales of VOIs, net 550 367 183 49.9 1,459 1,040 419 40.3 Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees 83 107 (24) (22.4) 235 325 (90) (27.7) Sales revenue 633 474 159 33.5 1,694 1,365 329 24.1 Less: Cost of VOI sales 75 43 32 74.4 188 141 47 33.3 Sales and marketing expense, net 391 271 120 44.3 1,085 795 290 36.5 Real estate expense 466 314 152 48.4 1,273 936 337 36.0 Real estate profit 167 160 7 4.4 421 429 (8) (1.9) Real estate profit margin (1) 
 26.4 33.8 24.9 31.4 
 (1) Excluding the marketing revenue and other fees adjustment, Real estate profit margin was 23.6 and 29.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 21.8 and 27.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Real estate profit increased 7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Real estate profit decreased 19 million excluding the impact of 26 million related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to a decrease in fee-for-service commissions and brand fees revenue and an increase in sales and marketing expense, net and cost of VOI sales, partially offset by an increase in Sales of VOI, net when compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Real estate profit decreased 8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Real estate profit decreased by 66 million, excluding the impact of 58 million related to the Bluegreen 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition, primarily due to a decrease in fee-for-service commissions and brand fees and an increase in cost of VOI sales, partially offset by an increase in Sales of VOIs, net compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Sales revenue increased 159 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Sales revenue increased by 18 million excluding the impact of 141 million related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to an increase in Sales of VOI, net partially offset by decreases in Fee-for-service commissions and brand fees revenues and lower contract sales, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Sales revenue increased 329 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Sales revenue decreased by 60 million excluding the impact of 389 million related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to decreases in fee-for-service commissions and brand fees revenues and lower contract sales partially offset by an increase in sales of VOI, net, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Real estate expense increased 152 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. Real estate expense increased by 37 million excluding the impact of 115 million related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to increases in sales and marketing expense, net, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Real estate expense increased 337 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. Real estate expense increased by 6 million excluding the impact of 331 million related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to increases in cost of VOI sales, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Financing 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 
 118 72 46 63.9 346 210 136 64.8 Other financing revenue 9 7 2 28.6 31 26 5 19.2 Premium amortization of acquired timeshare financing receivables 
 (22) (4) (18) NM (66) (11) (55) NM Financing revenue 105 75 30 40.0 311 225 86 38.2 Consumer financing interest expense 
 26 12 14 NM 71 35 36 NM Other financing expense 18 13 5 38.5 52 39 13 33.3 Amortization of acquired non-recourse debt discounts and premiums, net 
 1 1 100.0 5 (1) 6 NM Financing expense 45 25 20 80.0 128 73 55 75.3 Financing profit 60 50 10 20.0 183 152 31 20.4 Financing profit margin 57.1 66.7 58.8 67.6 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 Financing profit increased by 10 million and 31 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Financing profit increased by 6 million and 13 million, respectively, excluding the 4 million and 18 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to higher interest income revenues partially offset by increased financing expense. 
 Financing revenue increased by 30 million and 86 million, respectively, for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Financing revenue increased by 14 million and 40 million, respectively, excluding the 16 million and 46 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to an increase in the weighted average interest rate and carrying balance of the timeshare financing receivables portfolio. 
 Financing expense increased by 20 million and 55 million, respectively, for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Financing expense increased by 8 million and 27 million, respectively, excluding the 12 million and 28 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to an increase in the balance and weighted average interest rate on our non-recourse debt. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Resort Operations and Club Management Segment 
 Resort and Club Management 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Club management revenue 74 56 18 32.1 204 160 44 27.5 Resort management revenue 105 82 23 28.0 312 242 70 28.9 Resort and club management revenues 179 138 41 29.7 516 402 114 28.4 Club management expense 20 14 6 42.9 61 44 17 38.6 Resort management expense 30 29 1 3.4 91 85 6 7.1 Resort and club management expenses 50 43 7 16.3 152 129 23 17.8 Resort and club management profit 129 95 34 35.8 364 273 91 33.3 Resort and club management profit margin 72.1 68.8 70.5 67.9 
 Resort and club management profit increased by 34 million and 91 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Resort and club management profit increased by 6 million and 18 million, respectively, excluding the 28 million and 73 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, largely driven by higher management fees partially offset by associated Resort and club management expense to support the higher revenues. 
 Resort and club management revenue increased 41 million and 114 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Resort and club management revenue increased by 10 million and 30 million, respectively, excluding the 31 million and 84 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to management fee revenue. 
 Resort and club management expenses increased by 7 million and 23 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Resort and club management expenses increased by 4 million and 12 million, respectively, excluding the 3 million and 11 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, in line with the increases in revenues. 
 Rental and Ancillary Services 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rental revenues 171 160 11 6.9 521 469 52 11.1 Ancillary services revenues 12 11 1 9.1 38 33 5 15.2 Rental and ancillary services revenues 183 171 12 7.0 559 502 57 11.4 Rental expenses 167 144 23 16.0 507 431 76 17.6 Ancillary services expense 11 10 1 10.0 32 29 3 10.3 Rental and ancillary services expenses 178 154 24 15.6 539 460 79 17.2 Rental and ancillary services profit 5 17 (12) (70.6) 20 42 (22) (52.4) Rental and ancillary services profit margin 2.7 9.9 3.6 8.4 
 Rental and ancillary services profit decreased by 12 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Rental and ancillary services profit decreased by 10 million, excluding the 2 million unfavorable impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to increases in rental expenses when compared to the same period in 2023. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Rental and ancillary services profit decreased by 22 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Rental and ancillary services profit decreased by 10 million, excluding the 12 million unfavorable impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to increases in rental expenses partially offset by an increase in rental revenues when compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Rental and ancillary services revenue increased 12 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. For the same period, Rental and ancillary services revenue remained relatively consistent excluding the 13 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition. 
 Rental and ancillary services revenue increased 57 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. For the same period, Rental and ancillary services revenue increased by 24 million, excluding the 33 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to an increase in occupied room nights and higher daily rates. 
 Rental and ancillary services expenses increased 24 million and 79 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the same periods, Rental and ancillary services expenses increased 9 million and 34 million, respectively, excluding the 15 million and 45 million impact related to the Bluegreen Acquisition, primarily due to an increase in development and maintenance fees. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 General and administrative 44 40 4 10.0 147 130 17 13.1 Depreciation and amortization 68 53 15 28.3 198 156 42 26.9 License fee expense 49 37 12 32.4 124 101 23 22.8 Impairment expense 
 100.0 2 3 (1) (33.3) 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 4 million and 17 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same period in 2023. Excluding 7 million and 26 million, respectively, related to the impact of the Bluegreen Acquisition, General and administrative expenses decreased by 3 million and 9 million when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to interest expense for a legal matter that was settled in early 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 15 million and 42 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same periods in 2023. The increases were due to certain assets acquired in connection with the Bluegreen Acquisition. 
 License fee expense increased by 12 million and 23 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase was primarily due to amendments to our License Agreement as a result of the Bluegreen Acquisition. 
 Acquisition and Integration-Related Expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Acquisition and integration-related expense 36 12 24 NM 193 42 151 NM 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 Acquisition and integration-related costs include direct expenses related to our recent acquisitions including integration costs, legal and other professional fees. Integration costs include technology-related costs, fees paid to management consultants, rebranding fees and employee-related costs such as severance and retention. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, acquisition and integration-related costs increased by 24 million and 151 million when compared to the same periods in 2023. The increases were primarily driven by costs associated with the Bluegreen Acquisition. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 
 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest expense 84 45 39 86.7 250 133 117 88.0 Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates (4) (2) (2) 100.0 (12) (7) (5) 71.4 Other (gain) loss, net 
 (9) 1 (10) NM (1) (3) 2 (66.7) Income tax expense 
 61 44 17 38.6 53 96 (43) (44.8) (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful 
 The change in non-operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to an increase in interest expense of 39 million and an increase in income tax expense of 17 million. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to an increase in the debt balance outstanding used to fund the Bluegreen acquisition compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in income tax expense was primarily driven by a change in overall earnings compared to the same period in 2023. 
 The change in non-operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to an increase in interest expense of 117 million, partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense of 43 million. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to an increase in the debt balance outstanding used to fund the Bluegreen acquisition compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily driven by an overall change in earnings partially offset by discrete items relative to income before taxes compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 We include in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements the results of operations and financial condition of Big Cedar, the joint venture with Bluegreen/Big Cedar Vacations, LLC in which HGV holds 51 equity interest. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest is the portion of Big Cedar that is attributable to Big Cedar Vacations, LLC, which holds the remaining 49 equity interest. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest in Big Cedar was 3 million and 7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our cash management objectives are to maintain the availability of liquidity, minimize operational costs, make debt payments and fund future acquisitions and development projects. Our known short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures, including payroll and related benefits, legal costs, operating costs associated with the operation of our resorts and sales centers, interest and scheduled principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness, inventory-related purchase commitments, and capital expenditures for renovations and maintenance at our offices and sales centers. Our long-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities, inventory-related purchase commitments and costs associated with potential acquisitions and development projects, including rebranding. 
 We finance our short- and long-term liquidity needs primarily through cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations, draws on our revolver credit facility, our non-recourse revolving timeshare credit facility Timeshare Facility ), and through periodic securitizations of our timeshare financing receivables. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 7.4 million shares for 307 million under our share repurchase programs. See Note 15: Earnings Per Share for additional information. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total cash and cash equivalents of 297 million and restricted cash of 244 million. Restricted cash primarily consists of escrow deposits received on VOI sales and reserves related to non-recourse debt. 
 On January 10, 2024, we completed an offering for 900 million of senior secured notes due 2032 Senior Notes due 2032 ). See Note 11: Debt and Non-Recourse Debt for additional information. 
 On January 17, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Bluegreen Vacations Holding Corporation Bluegreen (the Bluegreen Acquisition in an all-cash transaction, with total consideration of approximately 1.6 billion. See Note 3: Acquisitions for additional information. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 On January 17, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 4 (the Amendment to the Credit Agreement and incurred 900 million of new term loans that will mature on January 17, 2031. See Note 11: Debt and Non-Recourse Debt for additional information. 
 In April 2024, we completed a securitization of approximately 240 million of gross timeshare financing receivables. The proceeds were used to pay down in part some of our existing debt and for other general corporate purposes. See Note 11: Debt and Non-Recourse Debt for additional information. 
 In May 2024, we completed a securitization of approximately 375 million of gross timeshare financing receivables. The proceeds were used to pay down in part some of our existing debt and for other general corporate purposes. See Note 11: Debt and Non-Recourse Debt for additional information. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had fully paid down the 171 million in junior subordinated debentures outstanding. See Note 11: Debt Non-recourse Debt for more information. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 308 million remaining borrowing capacity under the revolver facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had an aggregate of 750 million remaining borrowing capacity under our Timeshare Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.7 billion of notes that were current on payments but not securitized. Of that figure, approximately 1.3 billion could be monetized through either warehouse borrowing or securitization while another 294 million of mortgage notes we anticipate being eligible following certain customary milestones such as first payment, deeding and recording. The Grand Islander and Bluegreen Timeshare Facilities were terminated in the first quarter of 2024. 
 We believe that our capital allocation strategy provides adequate funding for our operations, is flexible enough to fund our development pipeline, securitizes the optimal level of receivables, and provides the ability to be strategically opportunistic in the marketplace. We have made commitments with developers to purchase vacation ownership units at a future date to be marketed and sold under our Hilton Grand Vacations brand. As of September 30, 2024, our inventory-related purchase commitments totaled 52 million to be fulfilled over 2 years. 
 Sources and Uses of Our Cash 
 The following table summarizes our net cash flows and key metrics related to our liquidity: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance in millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): 
 Operating activities 204 312 (108) Investing activities (1,514) (47) (1,467) Financing activities 971 (270) 1,241 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flow provided by operating activities is primarily generated from (1) sales and financing of VOIs and (2) net cash generated from managing our resorts, Club operations and providing related rental and ancillary services. Cash flows provided by operating activities primarily include funding our working capital needs and purchase of VOI inventory, including the purchase and development of real estate for future conversion to inventory. Our cash flows from operations generally vary due to the following factors related to the sale of our VOIs; the degree to which our owners finance their purchase and our owners repayment of timeshare financing receivables; the timing of management and sales and marketing services provided; and cash outlays for VOI inventory acquisition and development. Additionally, cash flow from operations will also vary depending upon our sales mix of VOIs; over time, we generally receive more cash from the sale of an owned VOI as compared to that from a fee-for-service sale. 
 The change in net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in net income, an increase in purchases of inventory from a third-party developer, and an increase in cash utilized for working capital, partially offset by an increase in provision for financing receivable losses and increases in depreciation and amortization expenses. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our VOI inventory spending: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in millions) 2024 2023 VOI spending - owned properties (1) 
 225 167 VOI spending - fee-for-service upgrades (2) 
 15 Purchases and development of real estate for future conversion to inventory 61 28 Total VOI inventory spending 286 210 
 (1) Relates to costs on properties classified as Inventory on our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Relates to granting credit to customers for their existing ownership when upgrading into fee-for-service projects from developed projects. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities include cash paid for acquisitions, capital expenditures and software capitalization costs. Our capital expenditures include spending related to technology and buildings and leasehold improvements used to support sales and marketing locations, resort operations and corporate activities. We believe the renovations of our existing assets are necessary to stay competitive in the markets in which we operate. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1,514 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 47 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the Bluegreen Acquisition and increased software capitalization costs. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 971 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of 270 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to net proceeds from debt of 1,766 million, offset by net repayments of non-recourse debt of 428 million, an increase in payment for debt issuance costs of 46 million, and a 39 million increase in share repurchases when compared to 2023. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our commitments primarily relate to agreements with developers to purchase or construct vacation ownership units, operating leases, marketing and license fee agreements and obligations associated with our debt, non-recourse debt and the related interest. As of September 30, 2024, we were committed to approximately 9,289 million in contractual obligations over 10 years, 270 million of which will be fulfilled in the remainder of 2024. The ultimate amount and timing of certain commitments is subject to change pursuant to the terms of the respective arrangements, which could also allow for cancellation in certain circumstances. See Note 18: Commitments and Contingencies and Note 11: Debt and Non-recourse Debt for additional information. 
 We utilize surety bonds related to the sales of VOIs in order to meet regulatory requirements of certain states. The availability, terms and conditions and pricing of such bonding capacity are dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity and our corporate credit rating. We have commitments from surety providers in the amount of 732 million as of September 30, 2024, which primarily consist of escrow, subsidy and construction related bonds. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated License Agreement (the Amended License Agreement with Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. Hilton ). The Amended License Agreement amends, restates and supersedes the First Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2021, between HGV and Hilton, as amended by the First Amendment, dated as of April 4, 2022, the Second Amendment, dated as of November 5, 2023, and the Third Amendment, dated as of January 16, 2024. The Amended License Agreement covers certain amendments relating to, among other things, our continued integration of the Bluegreen Acquisition, including a rebranding plan of the Bluegreen properties to the Hilton Grand Vacations brands and Hilton standards and certain matters related to Bluegreen s marketing arrangement with Choice Hotels International, Inc., which we assumed in connection with the Bluegreen Acquisition. 
 On November 7, 2024, we completed a 500 million securitization of timeshare loans through Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2024-3 with an overall weighted average interest rate of 5.18 and an overall advance rate of 98 . The proceeds will primarily be used to pay down debt and for other general corporate purposes. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures. We have discussed those policies and estimates that we believe are critical and require the use of complex judgment in their application in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. We manage our exposure to these risks by monitoring available financing alternatives and through pricing policies that may take into account currency exchange rates. Our exposure to market risk has not materially changed from what we previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) or our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of the controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error and mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of controls and procedures to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the controls and procedures may have deteriorated. 
 In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, and due to the previously identified material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting that is described below, which is still being remediated, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2023, related to ineffectively designed general information technology controls over user access for an IT application used to initiate revenue and inventory transactions. As a result, process-level automated controls and manual controls that are dependent on the completeness and accuracy of information derived from the affected IT application were also ineffective. There were no identified material misstatements to our current year financial statements, no restatements of prior period financial statements and no changes in previously released financial results required as a result of the control deficiencies. 
 Notwithstanding the previously identified material weakness, which is in the process of being remediated, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Ongoing Remediation Efforts to Address the Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 Management continues to execute its previously disclosed remediation plan that includes a comprehensive review of user access and levels across all software platforms, updating software as appropriate, updating and confirming appropriate user access levels, enhancing and revising the design of existing information technology controls and procedures, and adding additional controls and processes, as necessary to support internal controls over financial reporting . 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The previously identified material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the material weakness will be remediated by the end of 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 On January 17, 2024, we completed the Bluegreen Acquisition which was accounted for as a business combination. We are currently in the process of assessing Bluegreen s internal controls over financial reporting and integrating Bluegreen with our existing internal controls over financial reporting. Other than with respect to the remediation efforts described above in connection with the previously identified material weakness, there were no other changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 18: Commitments and Contingencies , to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These risk factors may be important to understanding statements in the Form 10-Q and should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 1, "Financial Statements" and Part 1, Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Form 10-Q. 
 The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, contain forward-looking statements, and they may not be the only risks facing the Company. The future business, results of operations and financial condition of the Company can be affected by the risk factors described in such reports and by other factors currently unknown, that management presently believes not to be material, that management has made certain forward-looking projections, estimates or assumptions on, or that may rapidly evolve, develop or change. Any one or more of such factors could, directly or indirectly, cause our actual financial condition and results of operations to vary materially and adversely from past, or from anticipated future financial condition and results of operations. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. Because of these factors affecting our financial condition, key business operational metrics, and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On May 3, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of 500 million of its outstanding shares of common stock over a two-year period (the 2023 Repurchase Plan ). On August 7, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of 500 million of our outstanding shares of common stock over a two-year period (the 2024 Repurchase Plan ), which is in addition to the 2023 Share Repurchase Plan. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements and other market and economic conditions. The shares are retired upon repurchase. The stock repurchase programs may be suspended or discontinued at any time and will automatically expire at the end of the respective plan terms. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased the following shares: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans July 1 - July 31, 2024 1,117,970 41.39 1,117,970 114,510,179 August 1 - August 31, 2024 1,185,177 37.46 1,185,177 570,089,476 September 1 - September 30, 2024 465,094 37.14 465,094 552,805,662 Total 2,768,241 39.00 2,768,241 
 From October 1, 2024 through October 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for 50 million. As of October 31, 2024, we had 503 million of remaining availability under the share repurchase programs, of which 3 million was under the 2023 Repurchase Plan and 500 million was under the 2024 Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 17, 2017). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 17, 2017). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 16, 2020). 
 10.1 
 Amend ment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2024, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Parent LLC, Hilton Grand Vaca tions Borrower LLC, the guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent and the Term Lenders p arty theret o. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.NS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page for the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 _____________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 7 th day of November 2024. 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. By: /s/ Mark D. Wang Name: Mark D. Wang Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 By: /s/ Daniel J. Mathewes Name: Daniel J. Mathewes Title: President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 58 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 hgv-20240930xex101xamendme.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Execution Version 

 AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 18, 2024 (this Amendment No. 6 ), among HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), HILTON GRAND VACATIONS PARENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Parent ), the other guarantors party hereto (the Guarantors ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and the Term Lenders party hereto. Each capitalized term used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as specified in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 WHEREAS, the Company, Parent, the other guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2023, Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2023, Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2024, and Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2024, and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment No. 6, the Amended Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Company has requested an amendment to the Credit Agreement pursuant to which certain provisions of the Credit Agreement will be amended as set forth herein 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement, the Company and each Term Lender, have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS, each Lender holding Amendment No. 4 Term Loans (the Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans and, the Lenders with Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans, the Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loan Lenders and each other Lender that executes and delivers a consent (a Consent in the form of Exhibit A to this Amendment No. 6 by 12 00 p.m., New York City time on June 18, 2024 (the Consent Deadline will have agreed to the terms of this Amendment No. 6 upon the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 6 on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (as defined below). 
 Therefore, in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) The following new defined terms are added to Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement in appropriate alphabetical order 
 Amendment No. 6 means Amendment No. 6 to this Agreement dated as of July 18, 2024. 
 Amendment No. 6 Effective Date means July 18, 2024. 
 (b) clause (b) of the definition of Applicable Rate appearing in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 
 #98508792v5 

(b) for Amendment No. 4 Term Loans, (1) for Term Benchmark Loans, 2.25 and (2) for Base Rate Loans, 1.25 and 
 (c) Section 2.05(a)(iv)(B) of the Credit Agreement is amended by deleting both references to on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and replacing such references with on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness to Amendment No. 6 . This Amendment No. 6 shall become effective on the date (the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date when, and only when, the following conditions shall have been satisfied 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts (which shall be originals or pdf copies or other facsimiles) of this Amendment No. 6 executed by (i) HGVI, (ii) each Loan Party and (iii) the New Lender (or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a telecopy or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Amendment No. 6) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment No. 6) 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received a Consent in the form of Exhibit A to this Amendment No. 6, duly executed by (i) each Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loan Lender (excluding any Non-Consenting Lender (as defined below)) and (ii) Lenders representing the Required Facility Lenders for the Amendment No. 4 Term Loans immediately prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, in each case, by the Consent Deadline (or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a telecopy or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of a Consent) that such party has signed a Consent) 
 (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, certifying on behalf of the Company as to clauses (d) and (e) in Section 3 below 
 (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, that the Administrative Agent has requested at least ten Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date 
 (e) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent all accrued and unpaid interest on the Amendment No. 4 Term Loans to, but not including, the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date 
 (f) the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of payment of (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses due to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement and to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date for which, in the case of expenses, reasonably detailed invoices have been presented and (ii) all fees required to be paid on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date pursuant to (x) that certain engagement letter, dated as of June 18, 2024, between BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Bank Ltd., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, CIBC World Markets Corp., Fifth Third Bank, National Association, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Regions Capital Markets, a division of Regions Bank Citizens Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc. and the Company and (y) any Fee Letter referred to therein and 
 2 

(g) an opinion from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York counsel to HGVI and the Loan Parties. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party and HGVI represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that on and as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date 
 (a) each Loan Party and HGVI (i) is a Person duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing (where relevant) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and (ii) has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment No. 6 and perform its obligations under this Amendment No. 6 and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, except in respect of clause (i) of this Section 3(a) (other than with respect to the Company), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (b) the execution and delivery by each Loan Party and HGVI of this Amendment No. 6 and the performance under this Amendment No. 6, are within HGVI s or such Loan Party s corporate or other powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not (i) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01 of the Credit Agreement), or require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject or (iii) violate any applicable Law, except with respect to any conflict, breach or contravention or payment (but not creation of Liens) referred to in clause (ii)(x), to the extent that such violation, conflict, breach, contravention or payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) this Amendment No. 6 has been duly executed and delivered by HGVI and each Loan Party that is party hereto. This Amendment No. 6 constitutes, a legal, valid and binding obligation of HGVI and such Loan Party, enforceable against HGVI and such Loan Party that is party hereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity, (ii) the need for filings, recordations and registrations necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties and (iii) the effect of foreign Laws, rules and regulations as they relate to pledges, if any, of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries 
 (d) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect are true and correct in all respects as so qualified) on and as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date and 
 (e) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or exists after giving effect to this Amendment No. 6. 
 SECTION 4. New Lenders and Non-Consenting Lenders . 
 3 

(a) If any Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loan Lender (each, a Non-Consenting Lender declines or fails to consent to this Amendment No. 6 by failing to return an executed Consent to the Administrative Agent prior to the Consent Deadline or elects to assign its Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans as provided in its executed Consent, then pursuant to and in compliance with the terms of Section 3.07(d) of the Credit Agreement, such Non-Consenting Lender may be replaced and all of its interests, rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement and the related Loan Documents with respect to its Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans purchased and assumed by either a new lender or an existing Lender which is willing to execute the Consent. As of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, each Non-Consenting Lender will be deemed to have executed an Assignment and Assumption Agreement Assignment Agreement for all of its then outstanding Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans and will be deemed to have assigned all of its then outstanding Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans to Bank of America, N.A. (the New Lender ), in each case pursuant to and in compliance with the terms of Section 3.07(b) of the Credit Agreement. 
 (b) The New Lender hereby (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the exhibits thereto, together with copies of the financial statements referred to therein and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment No. 6, (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, (iii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent hereby (i) consents to the assignment of the then outstanding Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans of each Non-Consenting Lender to the New Lender in accordance with Section 10.07 of the Credit Agreement and (ii) agrees that no assignment fees specified in Section 10.07 shall be required to be paid by the Company (or otherwise) in connection with such assignment. 
 (d) This Amendment No. 6 shall constitute the notice required under Section 3.07(a) of the Credit Agreement. 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, all Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans shall continue to be outstanding as Amendment No. 4 Term Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement on and after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, subject to the terms of this Amendment No. 6, and for the avoidance of doubt the Amendment No. 4 Term Loans shall continue as the same Class of Term Loans for all purposes under the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . 
 (a) On and after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall 
 4 

mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment No. 6 constitutes a Loan Document under and for all purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 (b) The Credit Agreement, as specifically amended by this Amendment No. 6, is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Documents and all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue to secure the payment of all Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, in each case as amended by this Amendment No. 6. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment No. 6 shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (d) This Amendment No. 6 shall not extinguish the Obligations for the payment of money outstanding under the Credit Agreement or discharge or release the lien or priority of any Loan Document or any other security therefor or any guarantee thereof, and the liens and security interests existing immediately prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties securing payment of the Obligations are in all respects continuing and in full force and effect with respect to all Obligations. Except as expressly provided, nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation, or a payment and reborrowing, or a termination, of the Obligations outstanding under the Credit Agreement or instruments guaranteeing or securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith. Nothing expressed or implied in Amendment No. 6 or any other document contemplated hereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of any Loan Party under the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document from any of its obligations and liabilities thereunder, and except as expressly provided, such obligations are in all respects continuing with only the terms being modified as provided in this Amendment No. 6. 
 SECTION 6. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment No. 6 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. This Amendment No. 6 and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Amendment No. 6 (each an Amendment Communication ), including Amendment Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the parties hereto agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Amendment Communication shall be valid and binding on each of the parties hereto to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Amendment Communication entered into by Electronic Signature will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the parties hereto enforceable against such party in accordance with the terms hereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any other Amendment Communication may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties thereto in separate counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same Amendment Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders of a manually signed paper Amendment Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Amendment Communication converted into another format for transmission, 
 5 

delivery and or retention. Each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Amendment Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Amendment Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan party without further verification and (ii) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself or any Lender), any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6, EACH PARTY HERETO CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE OR SUPPORT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN TELECOPIER OR OTHER ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION) IN SECTION 10.02 OF THE AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT. NOTHING IN THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 8. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES 
 6 

AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 8 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 SECTION 9. Severability . If any provision of this Amendment No. 6 is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment No. 6 shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 6 to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC , as the Borrower 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS PARENT LLC , as Parent 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. , as a Guarantor and solely in respect of certain applicable provisions of Sections 3, 5 and 7 of this Amendment No. 6 and Article XI of the Credit Agreement 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

2400 PRINCE EDWARD, LLC 
 AB BLUE ACQUISITION, LLC 
 AHC PROFESSIONALS US MAJORITY, LLC 
 AHC PROFESSIONALS US MINORITY, LLC 
 AKGI-ST. MAARTEN N.V. 
 AMBER GROUP, INC. 
 AMBER VACATION REALTY OF TENNESSEE, INC. 
 AMBER VACATION REALTY, INC. 
 AMERISTATE TITLE, LLC 
 BRIDGESPIRE FINANCIAL SERVICES INC. 
 CRESCENT ONE, LLC 
 CUSTOMER JOURNEY, LLC 
 DESTINATIONXCHANGE, LLC 
 DIAMOND ASIA DEVELOPMENT, INC. 
 DIAMOND RESORTS BEACH QUARTERS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS BEACHWOODS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS BOARDWALK DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CALIFORNIA COLLECTION DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CANADA RECEIVABLES, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CENTRALIZED SERVICES COMPANY 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CITRUS SHARE HOLDING, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CORAL SANDS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CORPORATION 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CYPRESS POINTE I DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CYPRESS POINTE II DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS CYPRESS POINTE III DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS DAYTONA DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS DESERT ISLE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 HVC DEVELOPER AND SALES HOLDING COMPANY , as Guarantors 
 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

DIAMOND RESORTS DPM DEVELOPMENT LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS EPIC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS FALL CREEK DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 GRAND VACATIONS RESORT SERVICES, INC. 
 DIAMOND RESORTS FRANZ KLAMMER DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS GK DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS GRAND BEACH I DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS GRAND BEACH II DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS GREENSPRINGS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 HAWAII COLLECTION DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS HILTON HEAD DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS HK, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 HVC INTERNATIONAL CLUB, INC. 
 DIAMOND RESORTS INTERNATIONAL MARKETING MEXICO, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS INTERNATIONAL MARKETING, INC. 
 DIAMOND RESORTS INTERNATIONAL, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS IW HOLDING COMPANY 
 DIAMOND RESORTS IW RESORT OWNERSHIP U.S. CORPORATION 
 DIAMOND RESORTS IW TRADING COMPANY 
 DIAMOND RESORTS IW VENTURES, INC. 
 DIAMOND RESORTS KAHANA DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS KONA DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS KONA II DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS LAS VEGAS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS MANAGEMENT & EXCHANGE HOLDING COMPANY , as Guarantors 
 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

DIAMOND RESORTS MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 DIAMOND RESORTS MGV DEVELOPMENT LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS MORTGAGE HOLDINGS, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS MYSTIC DUNES DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS OCEAN BEACH CLUB DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS OCEANAIRE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS PALM SPRINGS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS POCO DIABLO DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS POIPU DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS POLO DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS PORT ROYAL DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS POWHATAN DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RANCHO MANANA DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RESIDUAL ASSETS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RESIDUAL ASSETS FINANCE, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RESIDUAL ASSETS M&E, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RIDGE ON SEDONA DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RIDGE POINTE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RIVER CLUB DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS RIVER CLUB MEMBERS, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS SAN LUIS BAY DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS SANTA FE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS SAPPHIRE VALLEY DEVELOPMENT LLC , as Guarantors 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

DIAMOND RESORTS SCOTTSDALE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS SEDONA SPRINGS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS SEDONA SUMMIT DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS ST. CROIX DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS ST. LOUIS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS STEAMBOAT DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS TAHOE BEACH & SKI DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS TAHOE SEASONS DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS TETON CLUB DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS TURTLE CAY DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 U.S. COLLECTION DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS U.S. COLLECTION-HAWAII DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS VILLA MIRAGE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS VILLAS OF SEDONA DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS WAIKIKI DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS WEST MAUI DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 DIAMOND RESORTS, LLC 
 DPM ACQUISITION, LLC 
 DPM HOLDINGS, LLC 
 DPM LOANCO, LLC 
 DPM RP SUBSIDIARY, LLC 
 DR MODERN SPA, LLC 
 EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPES CORPORATION 
 FLORIDA DIAMOND RESORTS MANAGEMENT, LLC 
 FOUR C S HOSPITALITY, LLC 
 GALAXY EXCHANGE COMPANY 
 GEORGE ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY, INC. 
 GRAND ESCAPES, LLC , as Guarantors 
 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

GRAND VACATIONS REALTY, LLC 
 GRAND VACATIONS SERVICES LLC 
 GRAND VACATIONS TITLE, LLC 
 HGV TOC, LLC 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC. 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS CLUB, LLC 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS COMPANY, LLC 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS FINANCING, LLC 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS MANAGEMENT, LLC 
 HILTON KINGSLAND 1, LLC 
 HILTON RESORTS CORPORATION 
 HILTON RESORTS MARKETING CORP. 
 HILTON TRAVEL, LLC 
 HK F&B SERVICES, LLC 
 HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT AND CONSULTING SERVICE, L.L.C. 
 HRC ISLANDER LLC 
 ILX ACQUISITION, INC. 
 ILX ACQUISITION, LLC 
 INTERNATIONAL TIMESHARES MARKETING, LLC 
 ISLAND ONE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
 ISLAND ONE RESORTS MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 
 ISLAND ONE, INC. 
 KUPONO PARTNERS LLC 
 LAKE TAHOE RESORT PARTNERS, LLC 
 MAZATLAN DEVELOPMENT INC. 
 MMG DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
 MYSTIC DUNES MYRTLE BEACH, LLC 
 MYSTIC DUNES RECEIVABLES, LLC 
 MYSTIC DUNES, LLC 
 NAVIGO VACATION CLUB, INC. 
 NEVADA HK F&B SERVICES, LLC 
 POINCIANA VACATION RESORTS, INC. 
 POIPU RESORT PARTNERS, L.P. 
 RESORT MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL, INC., A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION 
 RESORT VENTURES, L.P. 
 RESORTS DEVELOPMENT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 SUNRISE RIDGE RESORT, INC. 
 TEMPUS ACQUISITION, LLC 
 TEMPUS HOLDINGS, LLC , as Guarantors 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

VACATION OTA, LLC 
 WEST MAUI RESORT PARTNERS, L.P. 
 WORLD DISCOVERY KIDS CLUB, LLC , as Guarantors 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

GRAND VACATIONS FINANCE HOLDING COMPANY , as a Guarantor 
 By s Alejandro Canales Name Alejandro Canales Title President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

BLUEGREEN VACATIONS HOLDING CORPORATION 
 WOODBRIDGE HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 BLUEGREEN VACATIONS CORPORATION 
 BLUEGREEN ASSET MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 
 BLUEGREEN BEVERAGE, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN CORPORATION OF TENNESSEE 
 BLUEGREEN GOLF CLUBS, INC. 
 BLUEGREEN HOLDCO, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN HOLDING CORPORATION (TEXAS) 
 BLUEGREEN LOUISIANA, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN MANAGEMENT RESOURCES, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN NEVADA, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN NEW JERSEY, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN PROPERTIES OF VIRGINIA, INC. 
 BLUEGREEN PURCHASING & DESIGN, INC. 
 BLUEGREEN RESORTS MANAGEMENT, INC. 
 BLUEGREEN SERVICING LLC 
 BLUEGREEN SOUTHWEST LAND, INC. 
 BLUEGREEN SPECIALTY FINANCE, LLC 
 BLUEGREEN VACATIONS UNLIMITED, INC. 
 BXG CONSTRUCTION, LLC 
 ENCORE REWARDS, INC. 
 GREAT VACATIONS DESTINATIONS, INC. 
 JORDAN LAKE PRESERVE CORPORATION 
 LEISURE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 MANAGED ASSETS CORPORATION 
 NEW ENGLAND ADVERTISING CORPORATION 
 PINNACLE VACATIONS, INC. 
 BRE GRAND ISLANDER PARENT LLC 
 BRE GRAND ISLANDER LLC , each as a Guarantor 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

BLUEGREEN SOUTHWEST ONE, L.P. , as a Guarantor 
 By Bluegreen Southwest Land, Inc., as General Partner 
 By s Ben Loper Name Ben Loper Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as the Administrative Agent and the New Lender 
 By s David J. Smith Name David J. Smith Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement 

Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loan Lender signature pages on file with the Administrative Agent 

EXHIBIT A 
 CONSENT TO AMENDMENT NO. 6 
 CONSENT (this Consent to AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT Amendment No. 6 ), among HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), HILTON GRAND VACATIONS PARENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Parent ), the other guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and the Term Lenders party thereto. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in Amendment No. 6 and used herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in Amendment No. 6. 
 Term Lenders Holding Amendment No. 4 Term Loans Only 
 Check the first or second box below 

Consent 
 The undersigned Lender hereby irrevocably and unconditionally approves of and consents to Amendment No. 6 with respect to all Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans held by such Lender. All Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans held by such Lender will be amended on a cashless basis to reflect the new terms of Amendment No. 6. 

Post-Close Settle 
 The undersigned Lender hereby irrevocably and unconditionally approves of and consents to Amendment No. 6 with respect to all Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans held by such Lender. The undersigned Lender hereby elects to have all Existing Amendment No. 4 Term Loans held by such Lender be assigned on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date to the New Lender (and is hereby deemed to execute the Assignment Agreement). 

Name of Lender ____________________________________________________ 
 
 by 
 Name Title 
 For any Institution requiring a second signature line 
 by 
 Name Title 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 hgv-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Mark D. Wang, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Mark D. Wang Mark D. Wang Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 hgv-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Daniel J. Mathewes, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Daniel J. Mathewes Daniel J. Mathewes President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 hgv-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period September 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark D. Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Mark D. Wang Mark D. Wang Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 
 A signed original of this certification required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 hgv-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel J. Mathewes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, certify that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Daniel J. Mathewes Daniel J. Mathewes President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 7, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this certification required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hgv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hgv-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hgv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hgv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hgv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

