<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1769624_0001213900-24-098416.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9684633</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150224</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1802647</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2570754</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2292331</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2582480</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098416.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098416
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Triller Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001769624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38909
		FILM NUMBER:		241461932

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7119 WEST SUNSET BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 782
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-893-5090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7119 WEST SUNSET BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 782
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Group Holding Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Acquisition Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098416.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220348-10q_triller.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Capital Market 

As of November 12, 2024,
there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Triller Group Inc. 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 

Item 4. 
 Control and Procedures 
 63 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 64 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 64 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 65 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 65 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 65 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 66 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TRILLER GROUP
INC. 

(Formerly AGBA
Group Holding Limited) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, net, related parties 

Loans receivable, net 

Notes receivable, net 

Promissory notes receivable from Triller LLC 

Deposit, prepayments, and other receivables, net 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Rental deposit, net 

Loans receivable, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Long-term investments, net 

Long-term investments, net, related party 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Escrow liabilities 

Borrowings 

Borrowings, related party 

Amount due to the holding company 

Convertible promissory notes payable, net 

Income tax payable 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Warrant liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized 

Series A-1 preferred stock, par value; shares designated, nil shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series B preferred stock, par value; shares designated, nil shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively # 

Common stock to be issued 

Subscription receivable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

# 

See accompanying
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

TRILLER GROUP
INC. 

(Formerly AGBA
Group Holding Limited) 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Loans interest income 

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

Recurring asset management service fees 

Recurring asset management service fees, related party 

Total non-interest income 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Interest expense 

Commission expense 

Sales and marketing expense 

Research and development expense 

Personnel and benefit expense 

Legal and professional fee 

Legal and professional fee, related party 

Office and operating fee, related party 

Provision for allowance for expected credit losses 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Foreign exchange gain (loss), net 

Investment income (loss), net 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 

Loss on settlement of forward share purchase agreement 

Rental income 

Sundry income 

Total other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Weighted average number of common stocks outstanding basic and diluted # 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

# 

See accompanying
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

TRILLER GROUP
INC. 

(Formerly AGBA
Group Holding Limited) 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

For
 the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Common
 stock 
 Common
 stock to be issued 

Additional 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 
 Total 

Note 
 No.
 of 
 share # 
 Amount 
 No.
 of 
 share # 
 Amount 
 Subscription 
 receivable 
 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 comprehensive (loss) income 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2024 

Issuance
 of common stocks to settle finder fee 
 (14)
 (iv) 

Issuance
 of common stocks for private placement 
 (14)
 (v) 

Issuance
 of common stocks to independent directors under 2024 Equity Incentive Plan 
 (14)
 (viii) 

Share-based
 compensation to consultants 
 (14)
 (iii), (ix) 

Share-based
 compensation to directors, officers, and employees 
 (14)
 (i), (ii), (vii), (x), (xi) 

Shares
 issued for service rendered and purchase option 
 (14)
 (vi) 

Fractional
 shares from forward and reverse splits 
 (14)
 (xii) 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Net
 loss for the period 

Balance
 as of September 30, 2024 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Common stock 
 Common stock to be issued 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 
 Total 

No.
 of 
shares # 
 Amount 
 No.
 of 
Shares # 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
capital 
 comprehensive 
 loss 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 stockholders 
 equity 

Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Issuance of common stocks to settle finder fee 

Issuance of holdback shares 

Share-based compensation 

Forgiveness of amount due to the holding company 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the period 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

# 

See accompanying
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

TRILLER GROUP
INC. 

(Formerly AGBA
Group Holding Limited) 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US )) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Share-based compensation expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Depreciation on property and equipment, net 

Interest income on loans receivable, net 

Interest income on notes receivable, net 

Interest income on promissory notes receivable from Triller LLC 

Interest expense on convertible promissory notes payable, net 

Interest expense on borrowings 

Foreign exchange gain, net 

Investment loss (income), net 

Gain on disposal of property and equipment, net 

Provision for allowance for expected credit losses 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 

Loss on settlement of forward share purchase agreement 

Reversal of annual bonus accrued in prior year 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Loans receivable 

Deposits, prepayments, and other receivables 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Escrow liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of long-term investments, net 

Purchase of notes receivable, net 

Dividends received from long-term investments, net 

Proceeds from sale of notes receivable, net 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment, net 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from the holding company 

Repayment of borrowings 

Issue of promissory notes to Triller LLC 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note payable, net 

Settlement of forward share purchase agreement 

Proceeds from borrowings 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect on exchange rate change on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Net change in cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash received for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Issuance of common stock to settle payables 

Forgiveness of amount due to the holding company 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

As of September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Reconciliation to amounts on condensed consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See accompanying
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

5 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

6 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Period average HK :US exchange rate 

7 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

8 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

years Computer equipment years Motor vehicle years 

impairment losses were recognized for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023. 

9 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

10 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

11 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

Recurring asset management service fees 

Total 

12 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

Recurring asset management service fees 

Total 

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

Recurring asset management service fees 

Total 

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

Recurring asset management service fees 

Total 

13 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority
assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

14 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Platform Business - Asset Management Business - Money Lending Service - Real Estate Agency Service Fintech Business Investment Holding Healthcare Business Investment Holding 

15 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

16 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

17 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Investments under purchase option 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

18 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and net cash outflows from operating activities of . As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had a working capital deficit of and a stockholders deficit of . 

The Company has determined that the prevailing
conditions and ongoing liquidity risks encountered by the Company raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
for at least one year following the date these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to successfully implement its current operating plan and fund-raising exercises.
The Company believes that it will be able to grow its revenue base and control expenditures. In parallel, the Company will monitor its
capital structure and operating plans and search for potential funding alternatives in order to finance the development activities and
operating expenses. The Company is continuing its plan to further grow and expand operations and seek sources of capital to pay the contractual
obligations as they come due. To access capital to fund operations or provide growth capital, the Company will need to raise capital in
one or more debt and/or equity offerings. 

However, the Company cannot predict the exact
amount or timing of the alternatives or guarantee those alternatives will be favorable to its stockholders. Any failure to obtain financing
when required will have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, operation and financial result. Please refer to the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed on March 28, 2024, for further information about the
liquidity and going concern. 

per share will
automatically convert into the same number of shares Delaware Parent Common Stock, as defined below (AGBA, when domesticated as a Delaware
corporation, is sometimes referred to as Delaware Parent and (c) after giving effect to the Triller Reorganization and
the AGBA Domestication, Merger Sub will merge into Triller, with Triller as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Delaware Parent. 

Stockholders Approval 

On September 19, 2024, the Merger Transaction and other related proposals were approved by the stockholders of the Company at the extraordinary
general meeting of stockholders (the EGM ). 

Merger Closing 

On October 15, 2024, the Company consummated the
Merger Agreement and completed the AGBA Domestication by changing its jurisdiction of incorporation from the British Virgin Islands to
the State of Delaware and changed its company name to Triller Group Inc. Triller Group or ILLR ). Pursuant
to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, the par value of the common stock and preferred stock of the Company is per
share. 

19 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

of the outstanding capital stock and exercised the conversion of all restricted
stock units of Triller, in exchange for the following: 

(i) issued shares of common stock of ILLR to the Triller
stockholders; 

(ii) shares of common stock of ILLR to escrow agent; 

(iii) issued shares of Series A-1 preferred stock of
ILLR to the holders of Triller preferred stock, that are affiliated with the Company s majority stockholder, 

(iv) issued shares of Series B preferred stock of ILLR
to Green Nature Limited, a British Virgin Islands company that is affiliated with the Company s majority stockholder; 

(v) converted all existing Triller restricted stock units into
 shares of restricted stock units of ILLR (the Triller Group RSUs ), and reserved an aggregate of shares
of common stock of ILLR for future issuance upon the vesting of the Triller Group RSUs, and 

(vi) adjusted an aggregate of Triller warrants which
are to be reissued as Triller Group warrants in replacement thereof pursuant to an independent valuation. 

Following the closing, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of its common stock, shares of its Series A-1 preferred stock, and shares of its Series B preferred
stock. 

At the closing date and following the completion of the Merger Transaction and after giving effect to the Forward Split effected on October
1, 2024 and Reverse Split effected on October 15, 2024, the Company had approximately shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

To date, the common stocks of ILLR were listed
and traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol ILLR . 

million shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company Common Stock ), subject to certain
limitations and conditions set forth in the A R SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. Sales of the shares of Common
Stock to Yorkville under the A R SEPA, and the timing of any such sales, are at the Company s option, and the Company
is under no obligation to sell any shares of Common Stock to Yorkville under the A R SEPA except in connection with notices that may
be submitted by Yorkville. 

In connection with the A R SEPA, Yorkville
agreed to an advance to the Triller in the form of convertible promissory notes in a principal amount up to million (the First
Pre-Paid Advance ). The First Pre-Paid Advance is amounted to of the principal amount to be drawn down. Interest shall accrue
on the outstanding balance of First Pre-Paid Advance at an annual rate of , subject to an increase to upon an event of default as
described in the definitive agreement. The maturity date of the First Pre-Paid Advance will be 12 months after its issuance date. Yorkville may
convert the First Pre-Paid Advance into shares of the Common Shares at any time after the Merger at a fixed conversion price equal to
(i) the principal mount and interests, divided by (ii) the determination of the lower of (a) of the VWAP during the ten trading days
preceding the closing date of the Merger (the Fixed Price ), or (b) of the lowest daily VWAP during the 10 consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the conversion date or other date of determination (the Variable Price ), provided that
the Variable Price shall not be lower than the Floor Price. The Floor Price , solely with respect to the Variable Price,
shall be equal to (i) a price equal to of the average of the daily VWAPs during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the
closing date of the Merger, and (ii) from and after the date of effectiveness of the initial registration statement, of the VWAP of
the trading day immediately prior to the date of effectiveness of the initial registration statement, if such price is lower than the
price in part (i) of this sentence. 

20 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million from Triller dated April 25, 2024 and (ii) provide to the Company
financing in the principal amount of million (the Second Pre-Paid Advance in the form of an additional convertible
promissory note, subject to the same terms in interest charge and maturity under the First Pre-Paid Advance. 

In connection with the Second A R SEPA, the
Company issued convertible promissory notes in an aggregate of million to Yorkville. On July 2, 2024, the Company received 
million, net of direct legal fee incurred in arranging the Second A R SEPA, from Yorkville. 

Common Warrants to Yorkville 

Also, pursuant to the Second A R SEPA, the Company issued a warrant
(the Common Warrant to Yorkville to purchase up to a number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to of the
principal amount of the aggregated pre-paid advances divided by a price equal to the Fixed Price, each such Common Warrant with an exercise
price equal to the Fixed Price. On June 28, 2024, the Company issued shares of common warrants to Yorkville (representing 
or of the the aggregated principal amount of the First Pre-Paid Advance and the Second Pre-Paid Advance) at a fixed price
of per share. 

Promissory Notes Receivable from Triller 

In connection with the First and Second Pre-Paid
Advances issued by Yorkville under A R SEPA and the Second A R SEPA, Yorkville advanced million and million, respectively
to Triller and Triller issued promissory note to the Company in April and August 2024. The promissory notes receivable from Triller included
interest receivables from Triller. 

As of September 30, 2024, the promissory note
receivable from Triller was , including an interest receivable of , with the maturity date on . 

Convertible Promissory Notes Payable, net 

As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate principal
amount of the First and Second Pre-Paid Advances are million and the convertible promissory notes payable to Yorkville are recorded
at million, net of discount, as current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The convertible promissory notes payable will be repayable within 12 months after the issuance date. Also, Yorkville has the right to
convert the convertible promissory notes payable into the Company s common stock at any time after the Merger Transaction at a fixed
conversion price. The Company analyzed the conversion
feature of the agreement for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815 and determined that the embedded conversion features should
be classified as a derivative because the exercise price of these convertible notes are subject to a variable conversion rate. The Company
has determined that the conversion feature is not considered to be solely indexed to the Company s own shares and is therefore not
afforded equity treatment. 

The Company recorded amortization of debt discount
of convertible promissory notes payable as interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

The Company recorded accrued interest of
convertible promissory notes payable in interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

21 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and fund held in escrow, respectively. Fund held in escrow primarily comprised of escrow funds
held in bank accounts on behalf of the Company s customers. The Company is currently acted as a custodian to manage the assets and
investment portfolio on behalf of its customers under the terms of certain contractual agreements, which the Company does not have the
right to use for any purposes, other than managing the portfolio. Upon receiving escrow funds, the Company records a corresponding escrow
liability. 

Accounts receivable related parties 

Less: allowance for expected credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

The accounts receivable due from related parties
represented the management service rendered to the portfolio assets of a related companies, which are controlled by the holding company,
for a compensation of asset management service fee income at the predetermined rate based on the respective portfolio of asset values
invested by the final customers. The amount is unsecured, interest-free and with a credit term mutually agreed. 

Additions 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Balance at end of period/year 

The Company generally conducts its business with
creditworthy third parties. The Company determines, on a quarterly basis, the probable losses and an allowance for expected credit losses
determined in accordance with the CECL model, based on historical losses, current economic conditions, forecasted future economic and
market considerations, and in some cases, evaluating specific customer accounts for risk of loss. Accounts receivable are written off
after exhaustive collection efforts occur and the receivable is deemed uncollectible. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on
an ongoing basis and its exposure to bad debts is not significant. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company
has evaluated the probable losses on the accounts receivable and made a provision for allowance for expected credit losses of 
and , respectively. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, the Company has evaluated the probable losses on the accounts receivable and made a provision for allowance for expected credit
losses of and , respectively. 

22 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Less: allowance for expected credit losses 

Loans receivable, net 

Classifying as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Loans receivable, net 

The interest rates on loans issued ranged between
 and (for the nine months ended September 30, 2023: to per annum for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
Mortgage loans are secured by collateral in the pledge of the underlying real estate properties owned by the borrowers. As of September
30, 2024, the net carrying amount of the loans receivable was , which included an interest receivable of . 

Mortgage loans are made to either business or
individual customers in Hong Kong for a period of to years, which are fully collateralized and closely monitored for counterparty
creditworthiness, with such collateral having a fair value in excess of the carrying amount of the loans as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023. 

Estimated allowance for expected credit losses
is determined on quarterly basis, in accordance with the CECL model, for general credit risk of the overall portfolio, which is relied
on an assessment of specific evidence indicating doubtful collection, historical loss experience, loan balance aging and prevailing economic
conditions. If there is an unexpected deterioration of a customer s financial condition or an unexpected change in economic conditions,
including macroeconomic events, the Company will assess the need to adjust the allowance for expected credit losses. Any such resulting
adjustments would affect earnings in the period that adjustments are made. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company has evaluated the probable losses on loans receivable and made a provision for allowance for expected credit losses
of and , respectively. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company
has evaluated the probable losses on loans receivable and made a provision for allowance for expected credit losses of and ,
respectively. 

notes, in batches, which are payable on or before January 31, 2024 and bears
a fixed interest rate of per annum. On April 30, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with an independent third
party to sell all its convertible loan notes on Investment A for a purchase price of . The transaction was completed on April
30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has evaluated the probable losses on notes receivable and
made a provision for allowance for expected credit losses of nil and , respectively. 

23 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Non-marketable equity securities: 

Investment A 

Investment B 

Investment D 

Investment E, related party 

Investment F 

Investment G under purchase option 

Net carrying value 

Investments
in Marketable Equity Securities 

Investments in equity securities, such as, marketable
securities, are accounted for at its current market value with the changes in fair value recognized in net gain (loss). Investment C was
listed and publicly traded on Nasdaq Stock Exchange. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Investment C was recorded
at fair value of and , which were traded at a closing price of and per share, respectively. 

Investments
in Non-Marketable Equity Securities 

Investments in non-marketable equity securities
consist of investments in limited liability companies in which the Company s interests are deemed minor and long-term, strategic
investments in companies that are in various stages of development, and investments in close-ended partnership funds which concentrated
in the healthcare sector. These investments do not have readily determinable fair values and, therefore, are reported at cost, minus impairment,
if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment
of the same issuer. 

24 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million and the transaction was completed on February 19, 2024. 

Investments Under Purchase Option 

On September 6, 2024, the Company received the
warrant containing a purchase option to acquire units of Class C of the consultant, equal to of its equity interest, at
an exercise price of per unit, over a period of years (see Note 14). This warrant containing a purchase option of equity securities
was recorded as an investment in non-marketable equity securities and measured at the fair value of under ASC Topic 321, as
of September 30, 2024. 

Under ASC Topic 820-10, the warrant was classified as Level 3 due to
the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value of the warrant is valued by an independent valuer using a Binominal pricing model with
the following key inputs at the measurement date: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Warrant remaining life 
 5 years 

25 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Additions 

Disposal 

Adjustments: 

Downward adjustments 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance at end of period/year 

Upward adjustments 

Non-marketable equity securities: 

Unrealized loss (including impairment) Investment F 

Dividend income 

Investment income (loss), net 

Realized gain from sale of Investment C 

Non-marketable equity securities: 

Unrealized loss (including impairment) Investment B 

Unrealized loss (including impairment) Investment F 

Dividend income 

Investment (loss) income, net 

26 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Short-term borrowings, related party 

Total 

Mortgage Borrowings 

In February 2023, the Company obtained a mortgage loan of 
(equivalent to HK from a finance company in Hong Kong, which bears an average interest rate at per annum and becomes
repayable in February 2024. The loan was pledged by a fixed charge on an office premises owned by the Company. As of September 30, 2024,
the carrying value of the loan is . On October 31, 2024, the Company entered into a preliminary sales and purchase agreement
with an independent third party to sell the office premises with a cash consideration of approximately million. The transaction will
be completed in February 2025. 

In July 2024, the Company partially settled ,
including interest expense (equivalent to principal and interest of HK and HK , respectively). The remaining
principal and accrued interest is expected to settle in November 2024. 

Short-term Borrowings 

In September 2023, the Company obtained a short-term
borrowing of from the Company s major stockholder s ultimate holding company, which bears interest at a fixed rate
of per annum, repayable in October 2023. The borrowing is secured by a lien on the partial equity interest in Investment D owned
by the Company. The Company entered into certain supplementary agreements to renew and extend the maturity to the end of November 2024. 

year, but not more
than years with an option to renew for a further term of 3 years. The operating lease is included in Right-of-use assets, net 
on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and represented the Company s right to use the underlying assets during the lease term.
The Company s obligation to make lease payments are included in Operating lease liabilities on the condensed consolidated
balance sheets. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Lease liabilities: 

Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities: 

27 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and , respectively, is included in other general and administrative expenses in the unaudited
condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Operating lease expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 was and , respectively, is included in other general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Future minimum lease payments 

to the number of AGBA Ordinary Shares issuable on the exercise of
each AGBA Warrants and the warrant price. Upon the Closing, all warrants issued by AGBA and Triller were assigned to and assumed by Triller
Group Triller Group Warrants ). Accordingly, as of the close of business on October 15, 2024, each AGBA Public Warrant and
each AGBA SPAC Private Warrant became one Triller Group Warrant which entitles the holder thereof to purchase shares of Triller Group
Common Stock at an adjusted exercise price of per whole share (provided, however, warrants are not exercisable for fractional shares,
only whole shares; thereby a warrant holder would need to hold four warrants to yield one share). Each AGBA Class A Warrant and each AGBA
Common Warrant became one Triller Group Warrant which entitles the holder thereof to purchase shares of Triller Group Common Stock
at an adjusted exercise price of two times of the original exercise price per whole share (provided, however, warrants are not exercisable
for fractional shares, only whole shares; thereby a warrant holder would need to hold two warrants to yield one share). AGBA Public Warrants
started trading on a post-adjustment basis as Triller Group Warrants on October 16, 2024 under the new ticker symbol ILLRW .
All the warrants and their exercise prices are retroactively restated in effect to the forward stock split and reverse stock split (see
Note 14). 

The Company has
issued the different classes of warrants, as follows: 

Public Warrants 

Each public warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-quarter
(1/4) of one share of common stock at a price of per full share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants
may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

28 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, 

if, and only if, the last sales price of the common stock equals
or exceeds per share for any trading days within a trading day period ending three business days before the Company send
the notice of redemption, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in
effect with respect to the common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred
to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, the management of the Company will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so
on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that
number of common stocks equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y)
the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the
10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.
Whether the Company will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will
depend on a variety of factors including the price of the common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, the Company s
cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The public warrants qualify for the derivative scope exception under
ASC 815 and are therefore presented as a component of Stockholders Equity Section on the condensed consolidated balance sheets
without subsequent fair value re-measurement. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were public warrants outstanding. 

Other than the public warrants, the Company has
accounted for and presented certain warrants as liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with ASC 480.
The fair value of the warrant liabilities is valued by an independent valuer using a Binominal pricing model. The warrant liabilities
were classified as Level 3 due to the use of unobservable inputs. 

SPAC Private Warrants 

The SPAC private warrants are identical to
the public warrants, except that the SPAC private warrants and the common stocks issuable upon the exercise of the SPAC private
warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of the business combination on November 14, 2022,
subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the SPAC private warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be
non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the SPAC private warrants are
held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the SPAC private warrants will be redeemable by
the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the public warrants at a price of per full share. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were SPAC private warrants outstanding, with aggregate value of and nil , respectively. 

The changes in fair value for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 were ) and , respectively. 

The changes in fair value for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2023 were and , respectively. 

29 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares
of common stock and the associated warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share under
the private placement, to an institutional investor, a director and officers of the Company. The subscribers in private placement will
receive one warrant class A for every five shares of common stock subscribed. Each warrant class A entitles the holder
to purchase 0.5 share of common stock at an exercise price of per share and shall be exercised with more than per tranche.
The warrants will be exercisable six months after the issuance date for a period of after the exercise date. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were and nil warrants - class A outstanding, respectively, with aggregate value of and nil , respectively. 

The changes in fair value for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 were and respectively. 

Common Warrants 

One June 28, 2024, the Company issued 
common warrants to Yorkville, in connection with the Second A R SEPA, representing or of the the aggregate principal
amount of the First Pre-Paid Advance and the Second Pre-Paid Advance (see Note 5). Each common warrant entitles the holder to purchase
0.5 share of common stock with an exercise price of per share. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were and nil common warrants outstanding, respectively, with aggregate value of and nil , respectively. 

The changes in fair value for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Warrant remaining life 
 years 
 years 
 years 
 years 

30 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares of preferred stock. Of this amount the Company has designated shares and shares to two classes of
preferred stock, Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively. 

A description of each class of preferred stock
is listed below: 

Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

The Company designated up to shares
as Series A-1 Preferred Stock, with a par value of per share. Each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder
thereof, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock. 

There were nil shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

The Company designated up to shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, with a par value of per share. 
for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder. 

There were nil shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

31 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

to , increase in the outstanding ordinary shares from shares to shares and reduction of par value
from to per share. 

Further, Proportional adjustments were also made to all outstanding stock options, warrants, and common warrants in accordance
with their respective terms. The Reverse Split did not change the par value of the Company s common stock or the authorized number
of shares. All fractional shares were rounded up to the nearest whole share with respect to outstanding shares of common stock. All share
and warrant numbers and per share amounts are retroactively presented in this Form 10-Q to reflect the impact of the Forward Split and
the Reverse Split as if they had taken effect on January 1, 2023. 

To date, the Company has authorized
shares of common stock, with a par value of per share. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company issued shares of common stock as follows: 

(i) shares of common stock to the directors and officers of the Company under the Share Award Scheme
(the Scheme ), whose shares were vested in 2023. 

(ii) shares of common stock to the employees of the Company to compensate for the contributions of
their services and performance. 

(iii) shares of common stock to certain consultants to compensate their services rendered. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized deferred equity compensation amounting to was recorded in the additional paid-in capital and will be amortized over the remaining service period. 

(iv) shares of common stock to Apex Twinkle Limited to partially settle the finder fee payable. 

(v) shares of common stock and the associated warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share under the private placement, to an institutional investor, a director and officers of the Company, on May 2, 2024. Among shares of common stock, in December 2023, the Company received gross proceeds of from an institutional investor in exchange of shares of common stock and settled the accrued salaries of with an aggregate of shares of common stock to a director and officers of the Company. The remaining shares of common stock were issued to a director of the Company. 

(vi) shares of common stock to a consultant to compensate services for a period of two years commenced in September 2024 and to receive the warrant containing a purchase option to acquire the equity interest of the consultant, with the aggregate fair value of , at the current market value of per share. Under the consulting agreement, the Company received the warrant to purchase units of Class C of the consultant, equal to of its equity interest, at an exercise price of per unit, over a period of years. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and of consultancy service fee, respectively in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized deferred equity compensation amounting to was recorded in the additional paid-in capital and will be amortized over the remaining service period and of long-term investments, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

(vii) shares of common stock for the settlement of the accrued salaries to the directors and officers. 

(viii) shares of common stock to the independent directors of the Company under the 2024 Equity Incentive
Plan. 

(ix) shares of common stock to a related company which owned by the Chairman of the Company to compensate
for the advisory services rendered. 

(x) shares of common stock for the settlement of the accrued director s fee to the Chairman
of the Company. 

(xi) shares of common stock to the employees and officers of the Company to compensate for their services
and performance. 

(xii) fractional shares of common stock resulting from rounding up to whole shares upon the effectiveness
of Reverse Split. 

There were and shares of
common stock issued and outstanding, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the legal and
professional fee in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
recorded and share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the legal and professional fee in
the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

32 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares of common stock
to be issued, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Subscription Receivable 

Subscription receivable is related to the private
placement commenced in November 2023, whose common stocks were issued to a director of the Company on May 2, 2024. The gross proceed of
 in relation to the corresponding shares of common stock is expected to be settled by the director of the Company
on or before December 31, 2024. 

Forgiveness of Amount Due to the Holding
Company 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the holding company of the Company agreed to forgive a debt of nil and , in aggregate, respectively, representing
certain amount due to it and treat as additional paid-in capital. 

2023 Share Award Scheme 

Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Company
filed S-8 registration statement to register up to shares of common stock on February 24, 2023. 

The fair value of the common stock granted during
the period is measured based on the closing price of the Company s common stocks as reported by Nasdaq Exchange on the date of grant.
For those vested immediately on the date of grant, the fair value is recognized as share-based compensation expense in the unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As of September 30, 2024, shares of common
stock are available to issue under this plan. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded nil and nil share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the personnel and benefit
expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
recorded and nil share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the personnel and benefit expenses in
the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

33 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares of common stock as RSUs to employees and consultants as additional compensation under the Scheme. These RSUs typically
will be vested over to period from 2023 to 2026. 

For the RSUs, the fair value is recognized over
the period based on the derived service period (usually the vesting period), on a straight-line basis. The valuations assume no dividends
will be paid. The Company has assumed forfeitures. 

On January 22, 2024 and June 18, 2024, the Company
issued and shares of common stock, respectively, to the directors and officers of the Company under the Scheme, whose shares
were vested in 2023. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the personal
and benefit expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the personal
and benefit expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
total unrecognized compensation remaining to be recognized in future periods for RSUs totaled million and million, respectively.
They are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, end of period/year 

2024 Equity
Incentive Plan 

Pursuant to the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 2024 Plan ), the Company filed S-8 registration statement to register shares of common stock on August 29, 2024. 

The fair value of the common stock granted during
the period is measured based on the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported by Nasdaq Exchange on the date of grant.
For those vested immediately on the date of grant, the fair value is recognized as share-based compensation expense in the unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As of September 30, 2024, shares of common
stock are available to issue under this plan. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company recorded and share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the personal and benefit
expenses and legal and professional fee, respectively in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company recorded and share-based compensation expense, respectively which is included in the personal and benefit
expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

34 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and commission expenses, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and commission expenses, respectively. 

Personnel and Benefit Expense 

Personnel and benefit expense mainly consisted
of salaries and bonus paid and payable to the employees of the Company. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and personnel and benefit expense, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and personnel and benefit expense, respectively. 

Legal and Professional Fees 

Legal and professional fees mainly consisted of
certain professional consulting services in legal, audit, accounting and taxation, and others. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and legal and professional fees, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and legal and professional fees, respectively. 

Other General and Administrative Expenses 

The Company incurred different types of expenditures
under other general and administrative expenses. They primarily consist of depreciation of property and equipment and management fee expenses
which are allocated for certain corporate office expenses. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and other general and administrative
expenses, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company recorded and other general and administrative expenses, respectively. 

35 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

The Company s subsidiaries mainly operate
in Hong Kong that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United States of America 

Upon the redomiciliation from the British Virgin
Islands to the State of Delaware, the Company is subjected to the federal income tax rate of . 

British Virgin
Islands 

The Company s subsidiaries incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands are not subject to taxation. In addition, upon payments of dividends by these entities to their stockholder,
no British Virgin Islands withholding tax will be imposed. 

Hong Kong 

The Company s subsidiaries operating in
Hong Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the income tax rates ranging from to on the assessable income arising
in Hong Kong during its tax year. 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Addition 

Balance as of end of the period/year 

36 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million and million, respectively of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward
to offset future taxable income. Net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely but cannot be carried back to prior years. There
are no group relief provisions for losses or transfers of assets under Hong Kong tax regime. Each company within a corporate group is
taxed as a separate entity. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets on the expected future
tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes that it is more likely than not that these assets will
not be realized in the future. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. 

Uncertain
tax positions 

The Company evaluates the uncertain tax position
(including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the technical merits, and measure the unrecognized benefits associated
with the tax positions. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain
tax positions. The Company incurred and settled minimal interest related to potential underpaid income tax expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and did not anticipate any significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months
from September 30, 2024. 

- Non-interest income 

Commission expense 

Depreciation 

Income (loss) from operations 

Investment income, net 

Total assets 

37 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

- Non-interest income 

Commission expense 

Depreciation 

Income (loss) from operations 

Investment loss, net 

Total assets 

- Non-interest income 

Commission expense 

Depreciation 

Income (loss) from operations 

Investment loss, net 

Total assets 

38 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

- Non-interest income 

Commission expense 

Depreciation 

Income (loss) from operations 

Investment income, net 

Total assets 

All of the Company s
customers and operations are based in Hong Kong. 

Borrowings 
 (b) 

Amount due to the holding company 
 (c) 

Long-term investment Investment E 
 (d) 

Subscription receivable 
 (e) 

, respectively, were forgiven
(see Note 14). 

equity interest in Investment E from
a related party in May 2021, based on historical cost. The Company has a common director with Investment E. 

in relation to the corresponding shares of common stock is expected to be settled by the director of the Company on or before
December 31, 2024. 

39 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Office and operating fee charge 
 (g) 

General and administrative expense allocated 
 (h) 

Legal and professional fees 
 (i) 

. The service will
be terminated by either party upon 90 days prior written notice. 

Apart from the transactions and balances detailed
elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other significant or material
related party transactions during the periods presented. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

40 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Customer E 

Customer C 

Customer D 

(b) Credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to credit risk consist of cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, loans receivable, and notes
receivables. Cash equivalents are maintained with high credit quality institutions, the composition and maturities of which are
regularly monitored by management. Effective from October 1, 2024, the Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board pays compensation up to a
limit of HK (approximately if the bank with which an individual/a company hold its eligible deposit fails. As of
September 30, 2024, cash balance of and fund held in escrow of were maintained at financial institutions in
Hong Kong, of which approximately was subject to credit risk. While management believes that these financial
institutions are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. 

For accounts receivable, loans receivable, and
notes receivables, the Company determines, on a continuing basis, the probable losses and sets up an allowance for expected credit losses
based on the estimated realizable value. Credit of money lending business is controlled by the application of credit approvals, limits
and monitoring procedures. 

The Company uses internally-assigned risk grades
to estimate the capability of borrowers to repay the contractual obligations of their loan agreements as scheduled or at all. The Company s
internal risk grade system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans and the assessment of borrower credit quality, such as,
credit risk scores, collateral and collection history. Individual credit scores are assessed by credit bureau, such as TransUnion. Internal
risk grade ratings reflect the credit quality of the borrower, as well as the value of collateral held as security. To minimize credit
risk, the Company requires collateral arrangements to all mortgage loans and has policies and procedures for validating the reasonableness
of the collateral valuations on a regular basis. Management believes that these policies effectively manage the credit risk from advances. 

41 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Customer G 

Customer H 

(c) Economic and political risk 

The Company s major operations are conducted
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong Kong s
economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

(d) Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD converted
to US and Sterling on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without
notice. 

(e) Liquidity risk 

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will
not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company s policy is to ensure that it has sufficient cash
to meet its liabilities when they become due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking
damage to the Company s reputation. A key risk in managing liquidity is the degree of uncertainty in the cash flow projections.
If future cash flows are fairly uncertain, the liquidity risk increases. 

42 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million. On April 18, 2024, the court
made an order that the plaintiff shall set the case down for trial on or before July 6, 2024 for a 7 days trial before a judge and there
shall be a pre-trial review before the trial judge on a date 12 weeks before the trial. The plaintiff and the defendants agreed on a
time extension until August 8, 2024 to set the case down for trial. On August 9, 2024, the Court made an order that the case be adjourned
to January 14, 2025 for another case management conference. The case is on-going and parties have yet to attempt mediation. Legal counsel
of the Company will continue to handle this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the
outcome of the matter or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 

Action Case:
 HCA2097 and 2098/2020 On December 15, 2020, the writs of summons were issued against the Company and the former consultant by
the Plaintiff. This action alleged misrepresentation and conspiracy causing the loss from the investment in corporate bond and claimed
for compensatory damage of approximately million. The Company previously made million as contingency
loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. Parties participated in a mediation held on March 25, 2022 and negotiated for settlement through
without prejudice correspondence, no settlement was reached. The case is on-going and legal counsel of the Company will continue to handle
this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of the matter or the range of
reasonably possible loss, if any. 

The Company makes a provision for a liability
relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
These provisions are reviewed at least each fiscal quarter and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimate settlements,
legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. Legal fees are expensed in
the period in which they are incurred. 

Sale and Purchase Agreement Pursuant
to the agreement dated April 5, 2023, entered with Sony Life Singapore Pte. Ltd. SLS ), an independent third party, the
Company is committed to purchase equity interest in Sony Life Financial Advisers Pte. Ltd. for a cash consideration of SGD2,500,000 
(equivalent to ). On December 28, 2023, the Company and SLS entered into a second supplementary agreement to extend the closing
date of the transaction from December 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024. On March 29, 2024, the Company and SLS entered into a third supplementary
agreement to extend the closing date of the transaction from March 31, 2024 to May 9, 2024. Pursuant to the third supplementary agreement,
the Company paid SGD250, 000 (equivalent to to SLS as the partial payment to cash consideration on April 12, 2024. On May 9,
2024, the Company and SLS entered into a fourth supplementary agreement to extend the closing date of the transaction from May 9, 2024
to May 20, 2024. On June 18, 2024, the Company and SLS entered into a fifth supplementary agreement to extend the closing date of the
transaction from May 20, 2024 to July 31, 2024. Pursuant to the fifth supplementary agreement, the Company paid an aggregate of SGD150,000 
(equivalent to as the extension fee and indemnification fee in July 2024. On September 25, 2024, the Company and SLS entered
into a sixth supplementary agreement to extend the closing date of the transaction from July 31, 2024 to October 31, 2024. Up to the date
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements available to be issued, further extension on the closing date of the transaction
is under negotiation between SLS and the Company. 

Nasdaq Compliance On March 20,
2024, Nasdaq granted an additional 180 calendar days period or until September 16, 2024, to the Company to regain the compliance. On May
3, 2024, the closing bid price of the common stocks of the Company has been over per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading
days. Accordingly, Nasdaq confirmed that the Company regained compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) and that this matter is now closed. 

43 

TRILLER GROUP INC. (Formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited) NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million. The transaction will be completed in February 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the office premises was approximately million. 

44 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us , the Group or the Company refer to Triller Group Inc.
(formerly AGBA Group Holding Limited AGBA )). References to our management or our management team 
refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar
words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section included in our 2023 Annual Report filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

Triller Group Inc. is formed
in the State of Delaware, on October 15, 2024, which was established to domicile its legal jurisdiction from British Virgin Islands to
the State of Delaware. 

Merger Transaction 

In April 2024, we entered into a certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement by and between our subsidiary, AGBA Social Inc., Triller Corp., a Delaware
corporation Triller ), and Bobby Sarnevesht, as sole representative of the Triller stockholders. On August 30, 2024, all
parties further entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (as further amended, the Merger Agreement ).
The Merger Agreement has amended, restated and superseded the Original Merger Agreement accordingly (the Merger Transaction ). 

On September 19, 2024, our
shareholders approved the Merger Transaction and other related proposals at the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders. 

On October 15, 2024, we consummated
the Merger Transaction and issued an aggregate of 107,674,877 shares of our common stock, 11,801,804 shares of our Series A-1 preferred
stock, and 30,851 shares of our Series B preferred stock. 

Domestication and Name Change 

In connection with the Merger Transaction, we
completed the domestication of our jurisdiction to domicile from British Virgin Islands to the State of Delaware, United States of America,
and changed our company name from AGBA Group Holding Limited to Triller Group Inc. 

45 

Forward and Reverse Stock Splits 

On October 1, 2024, we effected a 1.9365-to-1 forward stock split (the Forward Split ), resulting increase in the total number
of authorized ordinary shares from 1,500,000,000 to 2,904,753,145, increase in the outstanding ordinary shares from 97,736,035 shares
to 189,265,804 shares and reduction of par value from 0.001 to 0.00516395 per share. 

Further, on October 15, 2024, we effected a 1-for-4
reverse stock split (the Reverse Split ), resulting in the proportional adjustments to the par value of the ordinary shares,
the authorized number of ordinary shares, and the number of outstanding ordinary shares. Proportional adjustments were also made to all
outstanding warrants and common warrants in accordance with their respective terms. All fractional shares were rounded up to the nearest
whole share with respect to outstanding ordinary shares. All share numbers and per share amounts are retroactively presented in this Form
10-Q to reflect the impact of the Forward Split and the Reverse Split if they had taken effect on January 1, 2023. 

Nasdaq Trading 

To date, our common stock and public warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ILLR and ILLRW, 
respectively, which were previously traded under the symbol AGBA and AGBAW. 

Business overview 

We are a leading one-stop
financial supermarket based in Hong Kong servicing over 400,000 individual and corporate customers. We offer the broadest set of financial
services and healthcare products in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA) through a tech-led ecosystem, enabling clients
to unlock the choices that best suit their needs. 

We currently operate four
major areas of businesses, comprising of: 

1. Distribution
Business: The Group s powerful financial advisor business is the largest in the market, it engages in the personal financial advisory
business (including advising and sales of a full range of financial services products including long-term life insurance, savings and
mortgages), with additional internal and external channels being developed and added. 

2. Platform
Business: The Group operates as a financial supermarket offering over 1,800 financial products to a large universe of retail
and corporate customers. 

3. Healthcare
Business: Through the Group s 4 stake in and a strategic partnership with HCMPS, operating as one of the largest healthcare management
organizations in the Hong Kong and Macau region, with over 800 doctors in its network. Established in 1979, it is one of the most reputed
healthcare brands in Hong Kong. 

4. Fintech
Business: The Group has an ensemble of leading FinTech assets and businesses in Europe and Hong Kong. In addition to financial gains,
the Group also derives substantial knowledge transfers from its investee companies, supporting the development and growth of the Group s
new business models. 

Distribution Business 

The Distribution Business
comprises a variety of captive financial services distribution channels. We have built a market leading financial advisors distribution
channel in Hong Kong. We have also built other distribution channels alongside our market leading financial advisors business. 

Our combined captive distribution
channels enable us to directly access one of the largest pools of customers accessible to independent financial services providers in
Hong Kong. 

Channel 
 
 Description 
 
 Financial Advisors Business FA Business 
 
 Focus is engaged in the distribution of life insurance, asset management, property-casualty and Mandatory Provident Fund products through its teams of independent financial advisors (brokers). 

Alternative Distribution Business 
 
 A collection of distribution channels, including salaried financial planners targeting HNWI, development teams pursuing corporate partnerships and incubating financial advisors teams. 

Digital Business 
 
 ILLR Money is a direct-to-consumer digital app that provides various financial products and services to retail customers. 

46 

Our largest distribution channel
is the FA Business, operating under the brand name Focus. With its large salesforce of financial advisors, Focus provides
a wide range of financial products and independent advisory services to individual and corporate customers, primarily in connection with
life insurance products. Our FA Business has been the clear market leader in the insurance brokerage industry in Hong Kong for decades,
building up a large and highly productive salesforce. As of September 30, 2024, there were around 562 financial advisors at Focus ,
organized into 10 sales teams. Each team is led by a tree head , responsible for managing the financial advisors within their
teams. 

In addition to the FA Business,
we continued to expand our distribution footprint with the establishment and expansion of a number of additional distribution channels,
collectively known as our Alternative Distribution Business. These distribution channels are targeted at specific customer segments and/or
capturing specific distribution opportunities. 

Combined with our Digital
Business, we now have a well-diversified range of distribution channels and capabilities. 

During 2024, we continued
to make significant investments into developing and expanding our financial advisors salesforce, broadening and deepening the product
range, as well as upgrading the supporting infrastructure. Our infrastructure not only supports the financial consultants in engaging
with their customers, it also provides extensive operational support in relation to the processing of transactions, associated payment
flows, as well as after-sales services. Building our infrastructure required substantial investments into technological, operational and
financial systems, as well as the development of comprehensive operational and support teams (operations support, customer services, payments,
etc.). Since many of the financial products offered to our customers are regulated, on top of the various operational requirements, we
have built significant internal capabilities in the areas of risk and internal control, as well as legal and compliance to ensure an appropriate
level of regulatory compliance and supervision. 

As a result of our efforts
to expand our distribution capabilities and improve our supporting infrastructure, we have successfully developed these inter-related
strategic assets: 

Vast
customer base in Hong Kong and growing customer base in Mainland China. 

State-of-the-art
supporting infrastructure. 

Relationships
with and access to a broad range of leading global financial product providers. 

Deep
market knowledge and understanding. 

Highly
productive and well-trained salesforce. 

We will continue to capitalize
on these core strategic assets and match them with the emerging opportunities in our three core industries (life insurance, wealth management
and healthcare). 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company made 15.21 million from commission in the Distribution Business. The revenue attributed to the Company
during the first half year of 2024 only captured an insignificant portion of the revenues actually generated by the financial advisors
currently associated with Focus. 

47 

We will continue to widen
our distribution footprint and actively explore further opportunities to develop partnerships and generate customer leads on the ground
in Mainland China, as well as refining our abilities to service our customer base. We expect sales volumes to return to the levels previously
recorded, prior to the pandemic period, especially with the re-opening of the Mainland border and the ongoing integration of Hong Kong
into the Greater Bay area. 

Platform Business 

The Platform business, through
OPH and its subsidiaries, is a one-stop financial supermarket with a breadth of products and services that is unrivaled in Hong Kong sourced
from leading global product providers. 

The Platform Business was
set up to take advantage of the decades-long experience we built up in supporting the largest financial advisors salesforce in Hong Kong.
We were already servicing a large pool of customers and in the process, built up a wide library of world class financial products and
constructed a state-of-the-art technological and operational infrastructure. 

The Platform Business now
operates this full-service platform under its OnePlatform brand and has opened it up to banks, other financial institutions,
family offices, brokers, and individual independent financial advisors that are looking for support in advising and serving their retail
clients. 

Our technology-enabled Platform
Business offers a wide range of financial products, covering life insurance, pensions, property-casualty insurance, stock brokerage, mutual
funds, money lending and real estate agency. 

In addition to its unrivaled
product-shelf, the Platform Business offers digital-enabled sales management and support solutions, business operations support, comprehensive
customer services, and training support. 

Currently, our platform financial
services and investment products mainly comprise mutual fund distributions, portfolio management, money lending, insurance and Mandatory
Provident Fund (MPF) products, and international real estate referral and brokerage services, as discussed below:- 

The OnePlatform brand currently
covers 80 insurance providers selling 1,183 products, and 53 asset management fund houses with over 1,141 products. 

Fintech Business 

The Fintech Business has collected
an ensemble of valuable fintech assets in its investment portfolio. Fintech Business management team has strived to establish the
business as a leading name in the fintech investment sector. 

Core Fintech investments held
under the Fintech Business as of September 30, 2024 include: 

1. An
investment in Tandem Money Limited, a UK digital bank. 

2. An
investment in CurrencyFair Limited, a B2B and B2C payments company. 

3. An
investment in Oscar Health Inc., a US direct-to-consumer digital health insurer. 

4. An
investment in Goxip Inc., a fashion media platform based in Hong Kong. 

Carrying amount in 

US thousands (1) 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Tandem Money Limited 
 17,751 
 16,880 
 
 CurrencyFair Limited 
 5,887 
 5,827 
 
 Oscar Health Inc. (2) 

Goxip Inc. 
 306 
 342 
 
 LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P. (3) 
 
 2,152 

Notes: 

(1) Carrying
amount represents Fintech s attributable interest in the investment portfolio asset. 

48 

(2) 
 The
Company partially sold 993,108 shares of Oscar Health Inc. on Nasdaq Stock Exchange with an average current market price of 4.01 per
share in 2023. 

(3) 
 On February 5, 2024, the Company sold all its equity interest in LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P. to an independent third party for a consideration of 2.15 million. 

Healthcare Business 

We currently hold a 4 equity
stake in HCMPS, one of the leading healthcare management organizations in Hong Kong. 

Founded in 1979 and currently
operating under the Dr. Jones Fok Associates Medical Scheme Management Limited JFA brand, JFA is one of the most
reputed healthcare brands in Hong Kong. It has four self-operated medical centres and a network of over 700 healthcare service providers
 providing healthcare schemes for more than 500 corporate clients with over 300,000 scheme members. JFA s clients include
blue chip companies from various industry and leading insurers. Apart from Hong Kong, JFA is the largest operator in Macau with around
70 clinics. 

JFA operates a city-wide medical
network that includes 340 general practitioners GP ), 11 laboratories and imaging centers, 273 specialist doctors, 25 physiotherapy
centers, 12 Chinese medicine practitioner clinics, all based in Hong Kong, and 69 GP clinics in Macau. Over 380,000 out-patient and in-patient
visits are recorded annually through HCMPS s medical network. JFA offers its patients a full range of medical services, including
general services, specialist services, physiotherapy, Chinese medicine, dental, vaccination, X-ray, laboratories and imaging services. 

We believe that the future
of healthcare is in Smart Health technology that offers improved patient-care management and leverages data as the
new tool for solving complex healthcare challenges with reduced operating costs. We will focus on technology/digitalization and consumerization
of healthcare to create an ecosystem empowering customers to proactively manage their health and well-being and to improve their access
to healthcare at a lower cost with connectivity across the care continuum. We believe that JFA has the captive customer base,
infrastructure and product/service offerings to optimize customer experience to further grab market share. 

We are currently working to
transform JFA into the best medical care institution in Asia by 2025, redefining industry standards in the Greater Bay Area and offering
market-leading customer care and best-in-class infrastructure empowered by data analytics. 

49 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30,
2024 and 2023: 

The following tables set forth our results of
operations for the periods presented in U.S. dollars (in thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Interest income: 

Loans 
 60 
 41 
 19 
 46.34 
 
 Total interest income 
 60 
 41 
 19 
 46.34 
 
 Non-interest income: 

Commissions 
 4,785 
 12,169 
 (7,384 
 (60.68 
 
 Recurring asset management service fees 
 349 
 752 
 (403 
 (53.59 
 
 Recurring asset management service fees, related party 
 246 
 245 
 1 
 0.41 
 
 Total non-interest income 
 5,380 
 13,166 
 (7,786 
 (59.14 
 
 Total revenues 
 5,440 
 13,207 
 (7,767 
 (58.81 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Interest expense 
 (1,148 
 (393 
 755 
 192.11 
 
 Commission expense 
 (1,934 
 (8,916 
 (6,982 
 (78.31 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 (93 
 (754 
 (661 
 (87.67 
 
 Research and development expense 
 (401 
 (741 
 (340 
 (45.88 
 
 Personnel and benefit expense 
 (6,827 
 (7,764 
 (937 
 (12.07 
 
 Legal and professional fee 
 (2,594 
 (3,453 
 (859 
 (24.88 
 
 Legal and professional fee, related party 
 (250 
 (78 
 172 
 220.51 
 
 Office and operating fee, related party 
 (1,088 
 (1,317 
 (229 
 (17.39 
 
 Provision for allowance for expected credit losses 
 (135 
 (328 
 (193 
 (58.84 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 (1,153 
 (806 
 347 
 43.05 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (15,623 
 (24,550 
 (8,927 
 (36.36 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (10,183 
 (11,343 
 (1,160 
 (10.23 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest income 
 302 
 17 
 285 
 1,676.47 
 
 Foreign exchange gain (loss), net 
 1,105 
 (864 
 1,969 
 227.89 
 
 Investment loss, net 
 
 (793 
 (793 
 (100.00 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (632 
 1 
 (633 
 (63,300.00 
 
 Rental income 
 
 79 
 (79 
 (100.00 
 
 Sundry income 
 26 
 38 
 (12 
 (31.58 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 801 
 (1,522 
 2,323 
 152.63 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (9,382 
 (12,865 
 (3,483 
 (27.07 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (37 
 (56 
 (19 
 (33.93 
 
 NET LOSS 
 (9,419 
 (12,921 
 (3,502 
 (27.10 

Revenue 

The following table summarizes the major operating
revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Business segment 

Distribution Business 
 4,701 
 11,876 
 (7,175 
 (60.42 
 
 Platform Business 
 739 
 1,331 
 (592 
 (44.48 
 
 Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

TOTAL 
 5,440 
 13,207 
 (7,767 
 (58.81 

50 

Distribution Business 

The Distribution Business contributed 86.42 and
89.92 of the total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Income from the Distribution Business
mainly related to commissions earned, which decreased by US 7.2 million, or 60.42 , from US 11.9 million in 2023 to US 4.7 million
in 2024. The decrease in revenue primarily attributed from the economic recession and outward migration in Hong Kong. The largest segment
of the Distribution Business is our FA Business, operated under the Focus brand name. 

Summarized revenue breakdown by product and type
of contracts: 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

By product: 

Life insurance 
 3,921 
 11,147 
 (7,226 
 (64.82 
 
 Property-casualty insurance 
 639 
 467 
 172 
 36.83 
 
 Mandatory provident fund and related revenues 
 141 
 262 
 (121 
 (46.18 

4,701 
 11,876 
 (7,175 
 (60.42 

By the type of contracts: 

- New and or current year 
 4,701 
 11,496 
 (6,795 
 (59.11 
 
 - Recurring 
 
 380 
 (380 
 (100.00 
 
 TOTAL 
 4,701 
 11,876 
 (7,175 
 (60.42 

Platform Business 

The Platform Business contributed 13.58 and 10.08 
of the total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Commission 
 84 
 293 
 (209 
 (71.33 
 
 Recurring service fees 
 595 
 996 
 (401 
 (40.26 
 
 Loans 
 60 
 42 
 18 
 42.86 
 
 TOTAL 
 739 
 1,331 
 (592 
 (44.48 

Operating Expenses 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense increased by US 0.8 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly attributed
to the interest expense and amortization of the debt discount on convertible notes payable. 

Commission Expense 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Business segment 

Distribution Business 
 1,843 
 8,593 
 (6,750 
 (78.55 
 
 Platform Business 
 91 
 323 
 (232 
 (71.83 
 
 Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

TOTAL 
 1,934 
 8,916 
 (6,982 
 (78.31 

51 

The Distribution Business contributed 95.29 and
96.38 of the total commission expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Commission expense for the
Distribution Business decreased by US 6.8 million, or 78.55 , from US 8.6 million in 2023 to US 1.8 million in 2024. As
a result of the decrease in revenue associated with the Distribution Business, commission expense decreased correspondingly. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and marketing expense decreased by US 0.7
million or 87.67 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease
in sales and marketing expense is mainly attributed to lower spending associated with AGBA corporate branding and associated
product campaigns for celebrating the successful listing. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense decreased by
US 0.3 million or 45.88 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The
slight decrease was primarily due to decreased in headcounts. 

Personnel and Benefit Expense 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Personnel and benefit 
 3,517 
 6,446 
 (2,929 
 (45.44 
 
 Share-based compensation to employees 
 3,310 
 1,318 
 1,992 
 151.14 
 
 TOTAL 
 6,827 
 7,764 
 (937 
 (12.07 

Personnel and benefit cost decreased by US 1.0
million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily
attributable to the reduction of headcounts during the period. 

Share-based compensation for employees increased
by US 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase
was primarily due to the issuance of common stocks to our independent directors under the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan and issuance of common
stocks to our officers and employees to compensate for their contributions of services and performance, offset by the decrease in the
amortization of the fair value of the restricted share units due to the vested and forfeited shares in 2024. The fair value of the restricted
share units is recognized over the period based on the derived service period (usually the vesting period), on a straight-line basis. 

Legal and Professional Fees 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Legal and professional fee 
 1,915 
 1,301 
 614 
 47.19 
 
 Legal and professional fee, related party 
 250 
 78 
 172 
 220.51 
 
 Consulting fees (share-based related) 
 679 
 2,152 
 (1,473 
 (68.45 
 
 TOTAL 
 2,844 
 3,531 
 (687 
 (19.46 

52 

Legal and professional fees in aggregate decreased
by US 0.7 million, or 19.46 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023.
The decrease was primarily attributed to the decrease in the consulting fees incurred during the period, which settled by the issuance
of our common stocks. 

Legal and professional fees, related party of
 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 represented the advisory service fee paid to a related company which owned
by the Chairman of the Company. 

Consulting fees under share-based compensation
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly related to the corporate strategic consultancy, intelligence technology consultancy,
and business marketing service rendered by certain third party consultants, equal to 5,349,582 shares of common stock at the market price
ranging from US 0.339 to US 2.5111 per share. 

Other General and Administrative Expense 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Depreciation on property and equipment 
 23 
 23 

Depreciation on right-of-use assets 
 467 
 446 
 21 
 4.71 
 
 Financial data subscription expense 
 67 
 155 
 (88 
 (56.77 
 
 Interest expense on lease liabilities 
 173 
 199 
 (26 
 (13.07 
 
 Building management fee and utilities 
 247 
 166 
 81 
 48.80 
 
 Overseas travelling expense 
 52 
 129 
 (77 
 (59.69 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 124 
 (312 
 436 
 139.74 
 
 TOTAL 
 1,153 
 806 
 347 
 43.05 

Total other general and administrative expenses
increased US 0.3 million, or 43.05 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2023. The net increase was mainly due to the increase in building management fee and utilities of US 0.08 million and other operating
expenses of US 0.4 million, offset by the decrease in depreciation on right-of-use assets of US 0.09 million, and overseas travelling
expense of US 0.08 million. The depreciation on right-of-use assets and the interest expense on lease liabilities were mainly attributed
to the commercial operating lease entered with an independent third party for the use of an office premises in Hong Kong. The lease has
original terms exceeding one year, but not more than three years with an option to renew for a further term of three years. 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations decreased by US 1.2 million,
or 10.23 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly
attributable to the decrease in operating expenses of US 8.9 million, offset by the decrease in revenues of 7.8 million. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Interest Income 

Interest income increased by US 0.3 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss), net 

Foreign exchange gain (loss), net mainly represented
the unrealized net foreign exchange gain (loss) from the translation of long-term investments which are mostly denominated in Sterling.
The net foreign exchange gain increased by US 2.0 million or 227.89 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to
the net foreign exchange loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to the continuous strong Sterling exchange rate. 

53 

Investment Loss, Net 

Investment loss decreased by US 0.8 million,
or 100.00 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, mainly because of
the decrease in unrealized loss in non-marketable equity securities of US 1.0 million, and decrease in dividend income of US 0.2 million. 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

We classified the SPAC Private Warrants,
Warrant Class A, and Common Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust them to fair value at each reporting
period. These warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement of each balance sheet date until exercised. For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized the change in fair value in aggregate of 0.6 million and nil in our condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Net Loss 

Net loss decreased by US 3.5 million, or
27.10 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the decrease
in operating expense of US 8.9 million, offset by the decrease in total revenues of US 7.8 million and increase in other income of US 2.3
million. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs
nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Interest income: 

Loans 
 123 
 118 
 5 
 4.24 
 
 Total interest income 
 123 
 118 
 5 
 4.24 
 
 Non-interest income: 

Commissions 
 15,661 
 38,507 
 (22,846 
 (59.33 
 
 Recurring asset management service fees 
 1,503 
 2,301 
 (798 
 (34.68 
 
 Recurring asset management service fees, related party 
 730 
 725 
 5 
 0.69 
 
 Total non-interest income 
 17,894 
 41,533 
 (23,639 
 (56.92 
 
 Total revenues 
 18,017 
 41,651 
 (23,634 
 (56.74 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Interest expense 
 (1,723 
 (806 
 917 
 113.77 
 
 Commission expense 
 (7,697 
 (28,196 
 (20,499 
 (72.70 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 (606 
 (3,125 
 (2,519 
 (80.61 
 
 Research and development expense 
 (1,354 
 (2,678 
 (1,324 
 (49.44 
 
 Personnel and benefit expense 
 (18,364 
 (22,672 
 (4,308 
 (19.00 
 
 Legal and professional fee 
 (4,707 
 (12,423 
 (7,716 
 (62.11 
 
 Legal and professional fee, related party 
 (750 
 (78 
 672 
 861.54 
 
 Office and operating fee, related party 
 (3,281 
 (5,089 
 (1,808 
 (35.53 
 
 Provision for allowance for expected credit losses 
 (1,878 
 (661 
 1,217 
 184.12 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 (3,441 
 (2,242 
 1,199 
 53.48 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (43,801 
 (77,970 
 (34,169 
 (43.82 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (25,784 
 (36,319 
 (10,535 
 (29.01 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest income 
 390 
 385 
 5 
 1.30 
 
 Foreign exchange gain, net 
 826 
 41 
 785 
 1,914.63 
 
 Investment (loss) income, net 
 (37 
 489 
 (526 
 (107.57 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (4,281 
 3 
 (4,284 
 (142,800.00 
 
 Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 
 
 (82 
 (82 
 (100.00 
 
 Loss on settlement of forward share purchase agreement 
 
 (379 
 (379 
 (100.00 
 
 Rental income 
 14 
 217 
 (203 
 (93.55 
 
 Sundry income 
 121 
 122 
 (1 
 (0.82 
 
 Total other (expense) income, net 
 (2,967 
 796 
 (3,763 
 (472.74 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (28,751 
 (35,523 
 (6,772 
 (19.06 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (98 
 (56 
 42 
 75.00 
 
 NET LOSS 
 (28,849 
 (35,579 
 (6,730 
 (18.92 

54 

Revenue 

The following table summarizes the major operating
revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Business segment 

Distribution Business 
 15,211 
 37,569 
 (22,358 
 (59.51 
 
 Platform Business 
 2,806 
 4,082 
 (1,276 
 (31.26 
 
 Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

TOTAL 
 18,017 
 41,651 
 (23,634 
 (56.74 

Distribution Business 

The Distribution Business contributed 84.43 and
90.20 of the total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Income from the Distribution Business
mainly related to commissions earned, which significantly decreased by US 22.4 million, or 59.51 , from US 37.6 million in 2023 to
US 15.2 million in 2024. The largest segment of the Distribution Business is our FA Business, operated under the Focus 
brand name. The decrease in revenue primarily attributed from the economic recession and outward migration in Hong Kong. 

Summarized revenue breakdown by product and type
of contracts: 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

By product: 

Life insurance 
 13,811 
 35,286 
 (21,475 
 (60.86 
 
 Property-casualty insurance 
 1,034 
 1,523 
 (489 
 (32.11 
 
 Mandatory provident fund and related revenues 
 366 
 760 
 (394 
 (51.84 

15,211 
 37,569 
 (22,358 
 (59.51 

By the type of contracts: 

- New and or current year 
 15,130 
 36,944 
 (21,814 
 (59.05 
 
 - Recurring 
 81 
 625 
 (544 
 (87.04 
 
 TOTAL 
 15,211 
 37,569 
 (22,358 
 (59.51 

55 

Platform Business 

The Platform Business contributed 15.57 and 9.80 
of the total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Commission 
 450 
 938 
 (488 
 (52.03 
 
 Recurring service fees 
 2,233 
 3,026 
 (793 
 (26.21 
 
 Loans 
 123 
 118 
 (5 
 (4.24 
 
 TOTAL 
 2,806 
 4,082 
 (1,276 
 (31.26 

Operating Expenses 

Commission Expense 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Business segment 

Distribution Business 
 7,124 
 27,133 
 (20,009 
 (73.74 
 
 Platform Business 
 573 
 1,063 
 (490 
 (46.10 
 
 Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

TOTAL 
 7,697 
 28,196 
 (20,499 
 (72.70 

The Distribution Business contributed 92.56 and
96.23 of the total commission expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Commission expense for the
Distribution Business decreased by US 20.0 million, or 73.74 , from US 27.1 million in 2023 to US 7.1 million in 2024. As a result of
the decrease in revenue associated with the Distribution Business, commission expense decreased correspondingly. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and Marketing expense decreased by US 2.5
million or 80.61 , from US 3.1 million in 2023 to US 0.6 million in 2024. The decrease in sales and marketing expense is mainly attributed
to lower spending associated with AGBA corporate branding and associated product campaigns for celebrating the successful
listing. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense decreased by
US 1.3 million or 49.44 , from US 2.7 million in 2023 to US 1.4 million in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to decreased in headcounts. 

Personnel and Benefit Expense 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Personnel and benefit 
 12,987 
 18,719 
 (5,732 
 (30.62 
 
 Share-based compensation to employees 
 5,377 
 3,953 
 1,424 
 36.02 
 
 TOTAL 
 18,364 
 22,672 
 (4,308 
 (19.00 

56 

Personnel and benefit cost decreased by US 4.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily
due to the decrease in headcounts in both Platform Business and Distribution Business. 

Share-based compensation for employees increased
by US 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase
was primarily due to the issuance of common stocks to our independent directors under the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan and issuance of common
stocks to our officers and employees to compensate for their contributions of services and performance, offset by the decrease in the
amortization of the fair value of the restricted share units due to the vested and forfeited shares in 2024. The fair value of the restricted
share units is recognized over the period based on the derived service period (usually the vesting period), on a straight-line basis. 

Legal and Professional Fees 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Legal and professional fees 
 3,612 
 4,396 
 (784 
 (17.83 
 
 Legal and professional fees, related party 
 750 
 78 
 672 
 861.54 
 
 Consulting fees (share-based related) 
 1,095 
 8,027 
 (6,932 
 (86.36 
 
 TOTAL 
 5,457 
 12,501 
 (7,044 
 (56.35 

Legal and professional fees in aggregate decreased
by US 7.0 million, or 56.35 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The
decrease was primarily attributed to the decrease in the consulting fees incurred during the period, which settled by the issuance of
our common stocks. 

 Legal and professional fees, related party of
 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 represented the advisory service fee paid to a related company which owned by
the Chairman of the Company. 

Consulting fees under share-based compensation
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly related to the corporate strategic consultancy, intelligence technology consultancy,
and business marketing service rendered by certain third party consultants, equal to 6,078,488 shares of common stock at the market price
ranging from US 0.339 to US 2.5111 per share. 

Other General and Administrative Expenses 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Depreciation on property and equipment 
 69 
 238 
 (169 
 (71.01 
 
 Depreciation on right-of-use assets 
 1,386 
 594 
 792 
 133.33 
 
 Financial data subscription expense 
 254 
 294 
 (40 
 (13.61 
 
 Interest expense on lease liabilities 
 542 
 266 
 276 
 103.76 
 
 Building management fee and utilities 
 749 
 633 
 116 
 18.33 
 
 Overseas travelling expense 
 256 
 350 
 (94 
 (26.86 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 185 
 (133 
 318 
 239.10 
 
 TOTAL 
 3,441 
 2,242 
 1,199 
 53.48 

Total other general and administrative expenses
increased by US 1.2 million, or 53.48 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2023. The net increase was mainly due to the increase in depreciation on right-of-use assets of US 0.8 million, interest expense on
lease liabilities of US 0.3 million, building management fee and utilities of US 0.1 million, and other operating expenses of 0.3 million,
offset by the decrease in depreciation on property and equipment of US 0.2 million. The depreciation on right-of-use assets and the interest
expense on lease liabilities were mainly attributed to the commercial operating lease entered with an independent third party for the
use of an office premises in Hong Kong. The lease has original terms exceeding one year, but not more than three years with an option
to renew for a further term of three years. 

57 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations decreased by US 10.5 million,
or 29.01 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly
attributable to the significant decrease in operating expenses of 34.2 million, offset by decrease in revenues of 23.6 million. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Foreign Exchange Gain, net 

Foreign exchange gain, net mainly represented
the unrealized net foreign exchange gain from the translation of long-term investments which are mostly denominated in Sterling. The net
foreign exchange gain increased by US 0.8 million or 1,914.63 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the net
foreign exchange gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to continuous strong Sterling exchange rate. 

Investment (Loss) Income, Net 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Realized gain in marketable equity securities 
 1 
 1,543 
 (1,542 
 (99.94 
 
 Unrealized loss in non-marketable equity securities 
 (38 
 (2,458 
 (2,420 
 (98.45 
 
 Dividend income 
 
 1,404 
 (1,404 
 (100.00 
 
 TOTAL 
 (37 
 489 
 (526 
 (107.57 

Investment loss decreased by US 0.5 million,
or 107.57 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the investment income for the nine months ended September 30,
2023, mainly because of the decrease in realized gain in marketable equity securities of US 1.5 million, decrease in dividend income of
US 1.4 million, and offset by the decrease in unrealized loss in non-marketable equity securities of US 2.4 million. The decrease in realized
gain in marketable equity securities and dividend income was mainly due to the disposal of long-term investments. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

We classified the SPAC Private Warrants,
Warrants Class A, and Common Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust them to fair value at each reporting
period. These warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement of each balance sheet date until exercised. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized the change in fair value in aggregate of (4.3) million and 0.003 million,
respectively in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Rental Income 

Rental income was earned from the leasing of our
owned office premises. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the rental income decreased by US 0.2 million, or 93.55 , as compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was resulted from the sale of one of the office premises in 2023. 

58 

Income Tax Expense 

Income tax expense increased by US 0.04 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to the provision
of income tax during the period. 

Net Loss 

Net loss decreased by US 6.7 million, or 18.92 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, as compared to nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the decrease in operating expenses of
US 34.2 million, offset by the decrease in revenue of 23.6 million and other expense, net of US 3.8 million.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

We have a history of operating losses and negative
cash flow. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reported a net loss of US 28.8 million and reported a negative operating cash
flow of US 20.7 million. As of September 30, 2024, our cash balance was US 5.1 million for working capital use. Our management estimates
that currently available cash will not be able to provide sufficient funds to meet the planned obligations for the next 12 months. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on our ability to successfully implement our plans. Our management believes that it will be able to continue to grow our revenue
base and control expenditures. In parallel, ILLR continually monitors its capital structure and search for potential funding alternatives
in order to finance our business development activities and operating expenses. ILLR is continuing its plan to further grow and expand
operations and seek sources of capital to pay the contractual obligations as they come due. To access capital to fund operations or provide
growth capital, we will need to raise capital in one or more debt and/or equity offerings. Although there is no assurance that, if needed,
we will be able to pursue these fundraising initiatives and have access to the capital markets going forward. The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements attached to this Form 10-Q do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these
uncertainties. 

Future Liquidity 

On a recurring basis, the primary future cash
needs of the Company will be focused on operating activities, working capital, capital expenditures, investment, regulatory and compliance
costs. The ability of the Company to fund these needs will depend, in part, on its ability to generate or raise cash in the future, which
is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond its control. 

The ability to fund our operating needs will depend
on its future ability to continue to generate positive cash flow from operations and raise capital in the capital markets. Our management
believe that we will meet known or reasonably likely future cash requirements through the combination of cash flows from operating activities,
available cash balances, and external borrowings and fund raising. Our management expects that the primary cash requirements in 2024 will
be to fund capital expenditures for (i) expansion of the Distribution Business and (ii) Platform Business. 

If our sources of liquidity need to be augmented,
additional cash requirements would likely need to be financed through the issuance of debt or equity securities; however, there can be
no assurances that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, or at all, in the future. 

We expect that operating losses could continue
into the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in growing our businesses. Based upon our current operating plans, our management
believes that cash and equivalents will not be able to provide sufficient funds to its operations for at least the next 12 months from
the date of its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements provided with this Form 10-Q. However, these forecasts involve risks
and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. 

Our future capital requirements may vary materially
from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenues growth, the timing and extent of spending
on sales and marketing, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing of new product introductions, market acceptance of
our brand, and overall economic conditions. We may also seek additional capital to fund our operations, including through the sale of
equity or debt financings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the future sale of equity, the ownership interest of
our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
the rights of our existing stockholders. The incurrence of debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments
governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. 

59 

Cash Flows 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash
equivalents totaling 5.1 million, and 13.7 million in restricted cash. 

As of December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash
equivalents totaling 1.9 million, and 16.8 million in restricted cash. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for the periods presented: 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(US in thousands) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (20,742 
 (33,365 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 2,580 
 4,687 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 18,254 
 (415 
 
 Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 
 (19 
 (26 
 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 73 
 (29,119 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the beginning 
 18,678 
 51,294 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end 
 18,751 
 22,175 
 
 Representing as: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 5,093 
 1,622 
 
 Restricted cash fund held in escrow 
 13,658 
 20,553 

18,751 
 22,175 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
working capital: 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Total Current Assets 
 52,073 
 25,619 
 26,454 
 103.26 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 92,562 
 47,840 
 44,722 
 93.48 
 
 Working Capital Deficit 
 (40,489 
 (22,221 
 18,268 
 82.21 

Working Capital Deficit 

The working capital deficit as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was amounted to approximately US 40.5 million and US 22.2 million, respectively, an increase of
US 18.3 million or 82.21 . The increase was mainly attributed to the issuance of convertible promissory note payable of 32.5
million and warrant liabilities of 4.3 million, offset by the receivable from Triller LLC of 28.3 million and deposit,
prepayments, and other receivables, net of 1.8 million. 

60 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was US 20.7
million and US 33.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of the net loss of US 28.8 million, deposits, prepayments, and others receivable
of US 0.6 million, decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of US 2.3 million, decrease in escrow liabilities of US 3.2 million,
decrease in lease liabilities of US 1.5 million and decrease in income tax payable of US 0.1 million. These amounts were partially offset
by the decrease in accounts receivable of US 0.7 million, loans receivable of US 0.05 million, and non-cash adjustments consisting of
share-based compensation expense of US 6.4 million, non-cash lease expense of US 1.9 million, depreciation of property and equipment
of US 0.07 million, interest income on loans receivable of US 0.1 million, interest income on promissory note receivables of US 0.4 million,
interest expense on convertible promissory notes payable of 1.1 million, interest expense on borrowings of 0.6 million, net foreign
exchange gain of US 0.8 million, provision for allowance for expected credit losses of US 1.9 million, and change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of US 4.3 million. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily the result of the net loss of US 35.6 million, an increase in accounts receivable of
US 0.6 million, increase in deposits, prepayments, and others receivable of US 2.9 million, decrease in escrow liabilities ofUS 8.9 million,
decrease in lease liabilities of US 0.6 million and decrease in income tax payable of US 0.1 million. These amounts were partially offset
by the decrease in loans receivable of US 0.1 million, increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of US 5.5 million, and non-cash
adjustments consisting of share-based compensation expense ofUS 12.0million, non-cash lease expense of US 0.9 million, depreciation of
property and equipment of US 0.2 million, interest income on loans receivable of US 0.1 million, interest income on notes receivable of
US 0.02 million, net foreign exchange gain of US 0.04 million, net investment income of US 0.5 million, allowance for credit losses on
financial instruments of US 0.7 million, loss on settlement of forward share purchase agreement of US 0.4 million and reversal of annual
bonus accrued in prior year of US 3.8 million. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of US 2.6 million was primarily due to proceeds from sale of long-term investments of US 2.2
million and proceeds from sale of convertible notes receivable of US 0.4 million. 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of US 4.7 million was primarily due to proceeds from sale of investments of US 4.0 million, dividend
received from long-term investments of US 1.4 million, offset by the purchase of notes receivable of US 0.6million and purchase of property
and equipment of US 0.1 million. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of US 18.3 million was primarily due to advances from the holding company of US 15.6 million,
proceeds from convertible promissory note payable of US 23.4 million, offset by repayments of borrowings of US 0.8 million and issuance
of promissory notes to Triller LLC of US 20.0 million. 

Net cash used in financing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 of US 0.4 million was primarily due to advances from holding company of US 6.3 million, proceeds
from borrowings of US 7.2 million, offset by the settlement of forward share purchase agreement of US 14.0 million. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The management of the Company estimates that currently available cash will not be able
to provide sufficient funds to meet the Company s planned obligations for the next 12 months from the date that these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements were made available to be issued. 

61 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we reported a net loss of approximately US 28.8 million. With a significant decrease in our revenues, described in the paragraph below,
we had an accumulated deficit of approximately US 94.4 million as of September 30, 2024. 

Coupled with the economic recession in Hong Kong,
we reported a sales decline with total revenue of approximately US 18.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (nine months
ended September 30, 2023: US 41.7 million) and resulting with an operating loss of approximately US 25.8 million (nine months ended September
30, 2023: US 36.3 million). We expect to continue our business growth, while closely monitoring our future spending. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on the management s ability to successfully implement its plans. Our management team believes that we will be able to
continue to grow our revenue base and control our expenditures. In parallel, our management team will continually monitor our capital
structure and operating plans and evaluate various potential funding alternatives that may be needed in order to finance our business
development activities, general and administrative expenses and growth strategy. 

We intend to raise additional capital through
various debt and equity offerings, but there can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable, or will be sufficient
to enable us to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional funds,
we will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, or scale back our current business plan until
sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

Capital Commitments 

Sale and Purchase Agreement Pursuant
to the agreement dated April 5, 2023, entered with Sony Life Singapore Pte. Ltd. SLS ), an independent third party, the
Company is committed to purchase 100 equity interest in Sony Life Financial Advisers Pte. Ltd. for a cash consideration of SGD2,500,000
(equivalent to 1,882,000). On December 28, 2023, the Company and SLS entered into a second supplementary agreement to extend the closing
date of the transaction from December 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024. On March 29, 2024, the Company and SLS entered into a third supplementary
agreement to extend the closing date of the transaction from March 31, 2024 to May 9, 2024. Pursuant to the third supplementary agreement,
the Company paid SGD250,000 (equivalent to 188,200) to SLS as the partial payment to cash consideration on April 12, 2024. On May 9,
2024, the Company and SLS entered into a fourth supplementary agreement to extend the closing date of the transaction from May 9, 2024
to May 20, 2024. On June 18, 2024, the Company and SLS entered into a fifth supplementary agreement to extend the closing date of the
transaction from May 20, 2024 to July 31, 2024. Pursuant to the fifth supplementary agreement, the Company paid an aggregate of SGD150,000
(equivalent to 112,920) as the extension fee and indemnification fee in July 2024. On September 25, 2024, the Company and SLS entered into a sixth supplementary agreement to extend the closing date of the transaction
from July 31, 2024 to October 31, 2024. Up to the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements available to be issued, further extension on the closing date of the transaction is under negotiation between SLS
and the Company. 

Nasdaq Compliance On March 20,
2024, Nasdaq granted an additional 180 calendar days period or until September 16, 2024, to the Company to regain the compliance. On May
3, 2024, the closing bid price of the common stocks of the Company has been over 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading
days. Accordingly, Nasdaq confirmed that the Company regained compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) and that this matter is now closed. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We are not party to any off-balance sheet transactions.
We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal business operations. 

We have not engaged in any off-balance sheet financial
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, net revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgements and
Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions in the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies
and estimates as reported in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

62 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation and supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and
Procedures 

The effectiveness of any system of internal control
over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing,
operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of
internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not
absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but there can be no assurance
that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 

63 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company involved with various legal proceedings: 

Action Case: HCA702/2018 On March 27, 2018,
the writ of summons was issued against the Company and seven related companies of the former shareholder by the Plaintiff. This action
alleged the infringement of certain registered trademarks currently registered under the Plaintiff. On February 23, 2023, the Court granted
leave for this action be set down for trial of 13 days, and the trial will commence on November 25, 2024. Legal counsel of the Company
will continue to handle in this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of
the matter or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 

Action Case: HCA765/2019 On April 30,
2019, the writ of summons was issued against the Company s subsidiary, three related companies and the former directors,
shareholders and financial consultant by the Plaintiff. This action alleged the deceit and misrepresentation from an inducement of
the fund subscription and claimed for compensatory damage of approximately 2 million (equal to HK 17.1 million). On April 18, 2024,
the court made an order that the plaintiff shall set the case down for trial on or before July 6, 2024 for a 7 days trial before a
judge and there shall be a pre-trial review before the trial judge on a date 12 weeks before the trial. The plaintiff and the
defendants agreed on a time extension until August 8, 2024 to set the case down for trial. On August 9, 2024, the Court made an
order that the case be adjourned to January 14, 2025 for another case management conference. The case is on-going and parties have
yet to attempt mediation. Legal counsel of the Company will continue to handle this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is
unable to determine the probability of the outcome of the matter or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 

Action Case : HCA2097 and 2098/2020 On
December 15, 2020, the writs of summons were issued against the Company and the former consultant by the Plaintiff. This action alleged
the misrepresentation and conspiracy causing the loss from the investment in corporate bond and claimed for compensatory damage of approximately
 1.67 million (equal to HK 13 million). The Company previously made 0.84 million as contingency loss for the year ended December 31,
2021. Parties participated in a mediation held on March 25, 2022 and negotiated for settlement through without prejudice correspondence,
no settlement was reached. The case is on-going and legal counsel of the Company will continue to handle this matter. At this stage in
the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of the matter or the range of reasonably potential loss, if
any. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As smaller reporting company we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

64 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES,
USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished. 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Triller Group Inc. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ng Wing Fai 

Name: 
 Ng Wing Fai 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Name: 
 Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Title: 
 Acting Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting 
 Officer) 

66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022034801ex31-1_triller.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Ng Wing Fai, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Triller Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ng Wing Fai 

Name: 
 Ng Wing Fai 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022034801ex31-2_triller.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Shu Pei Huang, Desmond, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Triller Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Name: 
 Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Title: 
 Acting Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ea022034801ex32_triller.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Triller
Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Ng Wing Fai 

Ng Wing Fai 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal executive officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 illr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 illr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 illr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 illr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 illr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

