<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_857855_0000857855-24-000099.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24659875</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161622</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2918536</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12571502</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4309214</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3988693</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000857855-24-000099.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108113432
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000857855-24-000099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000857855
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				581807304
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35095
		FILM NUMBER:		241438813

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. CAMPERDOWN WAY
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		18008222651

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. CAMPERDOWN WAY
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNION BANCSHARES INC /GA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000857855-24-000099.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 ucbi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ucbi-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 There were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 1 per share, outstanding as of October 31, 2024. 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 Glossary of Defined Terms 
 3 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 4 
 PART I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (unaudited) 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 PART II - Other Information 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 62 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 62 

2 

Glossary of Defined Terms 
 
 The following terms may be used throughout this report, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 
 Term Definition 2023 10-K 
 United s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024 
 ACL Allowance for credit losses AFS Available-for-sale ALCO Asset/Liability Management Committee AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ASU Accounting standards update Bank United Community Bank Board United Community Banks Inc., Board of Directors BOLI Bank-owned life insurance CECL Current expected credit losses 
 CET1 Common equity tier 1 CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange CRE 
 Commercial real estate 
 Company United Community Banks Inc. (interchangeable with "United" below) CVA Credit valuation adjustment FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDM Modification made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty Federal Reserve Federal Reserve System FinTrust 
 Collectively, FinTrust Brokerage Services, LLC and FinTrust Capital Advisors, LLC 
 First Miami First Miami Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, First National Bank of South Miami FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FRB Federal Reserve Bank FTE Fully taxable equivalent GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GSE U.S. government-sponsored enterprise Holding Company United Community Banks, Inc. on an unconsolidated basis HTM Held-to-maturity LIHTC Low-income housing tax credit 
 MD A Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MBS Mortgage-backed securities NOW Negotiable order of withdrawal NPA Nonperforming asset OCI Other comprehensive income (loss) OREO Other real estate owned PAM 
 Proportional amortization method 
 PCD Purchased credit deteriorated Progress Progress Financial Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Progress Bank Trust 
 Report Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2024 
 SBA United States Small Business Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission U.S. Treasury United States Department of the Treasury United United Community Banks, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries USDA United States Department of Agriculture VIE Variable interest entity 
 3 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither statements of historical or current fact nor are they assurances of future performance and generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes , expects , may , will , could , should , projects , plans , goal , targets , potential , estimates , pro forma , seeks , intends , or anticipates , or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include discussions of strategy, financial projections, guidance and estimates (including their underlying assumptions), statements regarding plans, objectives, expectations or consequences of various transactions or events, and statements about our future performance, operations, products and services, and should be viewed with caution. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances, many of which are beyond our control, and that are difficult to predict as to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence, and that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results implied or anticipated by the statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
 negative economic and political conditions that adversely affect the general economy, the banking sector, housing prices, the real estate market, the job market, consumer confidence, the financial condition of our borrowers and consumer spending habits, which may affect, among other things, the levels of NPAs, charge-offs and provision expense; 
 changes in loan underwriting, credit review or loss policies associated with economic conditions, examination conclusions or regulatory developments; 
 the potential effects of pandemics or public health conditions on the economic and business environments in which we operate, including the impact of actions taken by governmental authorities to address these situations; 
 strategic, market, operational, liquidity and interest rate risks associated with our business; 
 potential fluctuations or unanticipated changes in the interest rate environment, including interest rate changes made by the Federal Reserve, replacement or reform of other interest rate benchmarks, as well as cash flow reassessments may reduce net interest margin and/or the volumes and values of loans made or held as well as the value of other financial assets; 
 any unanticipated or greater than anticipated adverse conditions in the national or local economies in which we operate; 
 our loan concentration in industries or sectors that may experience unanticipated or greater than anticipated adverse conditions than other industries or sectors in the national or local economies in which we operate; 
 the risks of expansion into new geographic or product markets; 
 risks with respect to our ability to identify and complete future mergers or acquisitions as well as our ability to successfully expand and integrate those businesses and operations that we acquire; 
 our ability to attract and retain key employees; 
 competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers including non-bank financial technology providers and our ability to attract customers from other financial institutions; 
 losses due to fraudulent and negligent conduct of our customers, third-party service providers or employees; 
 cybersecurity risks and the vulnerability of our network and online banking portals, and the systems or parties with whom we contract, to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches that could adversely affect our business and financial performance or reputation; 
 our reliance on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure and services required to operate our business; 
 the risk that we may be required to make substantial expenditures to keep pace with regulatory initiatives and the rapid technological changes in the financial services market; 
 the availability of and access to capital, particularly if there were to be increased capital requirements or enhanced regulatory supervision; 
 legislative, regulatory or accounting changes that may adversely affect us; 
 volatility in the ACL resulting from the CECL methodology, either alone or as that may be affected by conditions affecting our business; 
 adverse results (including judgments, costs, fines, reputational harm, inability to obtain necessary approvals and/or other negative effects) from current or future litigation, regulatory proceedings, examinations, investigations, or similar matters, or developments related thereto; 
 any matter that would cause us to conclude that there was impairment of any asset, including intangible assets, such as goodwill; 
 limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends and other distributions from the Bank to the Holding Company, which could affect Holding Company liquidity, including its ability to pay dividends to shareholders or take other capital actions; 
 the potential effects of events beyond our control that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and the economy, such as inflation or recession, terrorist activities, wars and other foreign conflicts, climate change, natural disasters, disruptions in our customers supply chains, disruptions in transportation, essential utility outages or trade disputes and related tariffs; and 
 other risks and uncertainties disclosed in documents filed or furnished by us with or to the SEC, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, implied or otherwise anticipated by such forward-looking statements. 
 
 We caution readers that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, is not necessarily in order of importance and readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements also may be found in our 2023 10-K (including the Risk Factor section of that report), Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC and available at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. We do not intend to and, except as required by law, hereby disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this Report, which speaks only as of the date of its filing with the SEC, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The financial statements and information contained herein have not been reviewed, or confirmed for accuracy or relevance, by the FDIC or any other regulator. 
 
 4 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in banks Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale Debt securities held-to-maturity (fair value and , respectively) 
 Loans held for sale Loans and leases held for investment Allowance for credit losses - loans and leases ) ) Loans and leases, net Premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Other assets (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Long-term debt Accrued expenses and other liabilities (including and at fair value, respectively) 
 Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; shares Series I issued and 
 outstanding; per share liquidation preference 
 Common stock, par value: shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Common stock issuable: and shares, respectively 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 5 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest revenue: Loans, including fees Investment securities, including tax exempt of , , and , respectively 
 Deposits in banks and short-term investments Total interest revenue Interest expense: Deposits Short-term borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank advances Long-term debt Total interest expense Net interest revenue Provision for credit losses Net interest revenue after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Service charges and fees Mortgage loan gains and other related fees Wealth management fees Net (losses) gains from sales of other loans ) ) Lending and loan servicing fees Securities losses, net ) Other Total noninterest income Total revenue Noninterest expenses: Salaries and employee benefits Communications and equipment Occupancy Advertising and public relations Postage, printing and supplies Professional fees Lending and loan servicing expense Outside services - electronic banking FDIC assessments and other regulatory charges Amortization of intangibles Merger-related and other charges Other Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income available to common shareholders Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 6 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) Before-tax Amount Tax 
 (Expense) 
 Benefit 
 Net of Tax Amount Before-tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit Net of Tax Amount 2024 Net income ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities transferred from available-for-sale ) ) Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains (losses) on derivatives ) ) ) Gains on derivative instruments realized in net income ) ) ) ) Net cash flow hedge activity ) ) ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension plan net periodic pension cost components ) ) Total other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive income ) ) 2023 Net income ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities: Unrealized holding (losses) gains ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income ) Net unrealized (losses) gains ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities transferred from available-for-sale ) ) Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains on derivatives ) ) Gains on derivative instruments realized in net income ) ) ) ) Net cash flow hedge activity ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension plan net periodic pension cost components ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 7 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands except share and per share data) 
 
 Shares of Common Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Common Stock Issuable Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Impact of acquisitions Preferred stock dividends ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Purchases of preferred stock ) ) Impact of equity-based compensation awards Impact of other United sponsored equity plans Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Impact of equity-based compensation awards Impact of other United sponsored equity plans Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Impact of acquisitions Purchases of preferred stock ) 792 ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Impact of equity-based compensation awards Impact of other United sponsored equity plans ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Preferred stock dividends ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Impact of equity-based compensation awards Impact of other United sponsored equity plans ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 8 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net Provision for credit losses Stock based compensation Deferred income tax expense Securities losses, net Net losses (gains) from sales of other loans ) FinTrust goodwill write-down Changes in assets and liabilities: Other assets ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Loans held for sale ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Debt securities held-to-maturity: Proceeds from maturities and calls Debt securities available-for-sale: Proceeds from sales Proceeds from maturities and calls Purchases ) ) Net decrease (increase) in loans ) Payments for other investments ) ) Proceeds from other investments Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash received in acquisition Net cash paid for branch disposal ) Other investing inflows Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net decrease in short-term borrowings ) Repayment of long-term debt ) Proceeds from FHLB advances Repayment of FHLB advances ) ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Cash dividends on preferred stock ) ) Other financing inflows Other financing outflows ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 9 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 1 

Note 2 

10 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 3 
 
 Unsettled securities purchases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Acquisitions: Assets acquired Liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Common stock issued and options converted 

Note 4 
 
 measurement period related to the acquisition of First Miami, United received additional information regarding the lack of realizability of certain tax credits. As a result, the provisional fair value assigned to acquired other assets was adjusted to million, other liabilities was adjusted to million and goodwill was adjusted to million, which represents a decrease of million, a decrease of and an increase of million, respectively. 
 
 Pro forma information 
 
 On January 3, 2023 and July 1, 2023, United acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Progress and First Miami, respectively, in stock transactions. The following table discloses certain pro forma information as if Progress and First Miami had been acquired on January 1, 2022. These results combine the historical results of the acquired entities with United s consolidated statement of income. Adjustments were made for the estimated impact of certain fair value adjustments and other acquisition-related activity; however pro forma financial results presented are not necessarily indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisitions taken place in earlier years. 
 
 Merger-related costs related to the First Miami acquisition for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 of million and million, respectively, have been excluded from the pro forma information for those periods presented below. Merger-related costs related to the Progress acquisition for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 of and million, respectively, have been excluded from the pro forma information for those periods presented below. 
 Actual First Miami results included in statement of income since acquisition date ) ) Supplemental consolidated pro forma as if Progress and First Miami had been acquired January 1, 2022 
 
 11 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 5 
 
 U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Supranational entities Total As of December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Supranational entities Total 
 
 U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Residential MBS, Non-agency Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Non-agency Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Total As of December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Residential MBS, Non-agency Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Non-agency Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the carrying value of pledged securities totaled billion and billion, respectively. At September 30, 2024 securities were pledged primarily to secure public deposits. At December 31, 2023 securities were pledged to secure public deposits and provide contingent liquidity through the Bank Term Funding Program at the FRB, a 
 12 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Supranational entities Total As of December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Supranational entities Total 
 
 U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Residential MBS, Non-agency Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Non-agency Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Total As of December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS, Agency GSEs Residential MBS, Non-agency Commercial MBS, Agency GSEs Commercial MBS, Non-agency Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Total 
 
 13 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

AFS debt securities and HTM debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position. United does not intend to sell nor does it believe it will be required to sell securities in an unrealized loss position prior to the recovery of their amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses at September 30, 2024 were primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, estimated credit losses and, thus, the related ACL on HTM debt securities were de minimis due to the high credit quality of the portfolio, which included securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies, GSEs, high credit quality municipalities and supranational entities. As a result, ACL was recorded on the HTM portfolio at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. In addition, based on the assessments performed at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was ACL required related to the AFS portfolio. 
 
 AFS 
 
 U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Corporate bonds 1 to 5 years: U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Corporate bonds 5 to 10 years: U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Supranational entities More than 10 years: U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Debt securities not due at a single maturity date: Asset-backed securities Residential MBS Commercial MBS Total 
 
 Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers and borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 
 
 14 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) Securities losses, net ) Income tax benefit attributable to sales ) 
 
 Equity Investments 
 FRB Stock 
 Equity securities with readily determinable fair values 

Note 6 
 Income producing CRE Commercial industrial Commercial construction Equipment financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Home equity Residential construction Manufactured housing Consumer Total loans excluding fair value hedge basis adjustment Fair value hedge basis adjustment Total loans Less ACL - loans ) ) Loans, net 
 
 Accrued interest receivable related to loans totaled million and million on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was reported in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Accrued interest receivable was excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the loan portfolio included certain loans specifically pledged to the Federal Reserve as well as loans covered by a blanket lien on qualifying loan types with the FHLB to secure contingent funding sources. 
 
 15 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

million. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Manufactured housing loans 
 Guaranteed portion of SBA/USDA loans Equipment financing receivables Total 
 
 million and million, respectively. The components of the net investment in leases, which included both sales-type and direct financing, are presented below. 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Minimum future lease payments receivable Estimated residual value of leased equipment Initial direct costs Security deposits ) ) Unearned income ) ) Net investment in leases 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 16 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Income producing CRE Commercial industrial Commercial construction Equipment financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Home equity Residential construction Manufactured housing Consumer Total loans As of December 31, 2023 Owner occupied CRE 
 Income producing CRE 
 Commercial industrial Commercial construction Equipment financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Home equity Residential construction Manufactured housing Consumer Total loans 
 
 17 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

million and million, respectively, in loans for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. Estimated credit losses for these loans are based on the net realizable value of the collateral relative to the amortized cost of the loan. The majority of these loans are income producing CRE and commercial and industrial loans. 
 
 Income producing CRE 
 Commercial industrial Commercial construction Equipment financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Home equity Residential construction Manufactured housing Consumer Total 
 
 Risk Ratings 
 United categorizes commercial loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, public information, and current industry and economic trends, among other factors. United analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed on a continual basis. United uses the following definitions for its risk ratings: 
 
 Pass. Loans in this category are considered to have a low probability of default and do not meet the criteria of the risk categories below. 
 
 Special Mention. Loans in this category are presently protected from apparent loss; however, weaknesses exist that could cause future impairment, including the deterioration of financial ratios, past due status and questionable management capabilities. These loans require more than the ordinary amount of supervision. Collateral values generally afford adequate coverage, but may not be immediately marketable. 
 
 Substandard. These loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged. Specific and well-defined weaknesses exist that may include poor liquidity and deterioration of financial ratios. The loan may be past due and related deposit accounts experiencing overdrafts. There is the distinct possibility that United will sustain some loss if deficiencies are not corrected. If possible, immediate corrective action is taken. 
 
 Doubtful. Specific weaknesses characterized as Substandard that are severe enough to make collection in full highly questionable and improbable. There is no reliable secondary source of full repayment. 
 
 Loss. Loans categorized as Loss have the same characteristics as Doubtful; however, probability of loss is certain. Loans classified as Loss are charged off. 
 
 Consumer Purpose Loans. United applies a pass / fail grading system to all consumer purpose loans. Under this system, loans that are on nonaccrual status, become past due 90 days, or are in bankruptcy and 30 or more days past due are classified as fail and all other loans are classified as pass . For reporting purposes, loans in these categories that are classified as fail are reported as substandard and all other loans are reported as pass. 
 
 18 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Special Mention Substandard Total owner occupied CRE Current period gross charge-offs Income producing CRE Pass Special Mention Substandard Total income producing CRE Current period gross charge-offs Commercial industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Total commercial industrial Current period gross charge-offs Commercial construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total commercial construction Current period gross charge-offs Equipment financing Pass Special Mention Substandard Total equipment financing Current period gross charge-offs Residential mortgage Pass Substandard Total residential mortgage Current period gross charge-offs Home equity Pass Substandard Total home equity Current period gross charge-offs Residential construction Pass Substandard Total residential construction Current period gross charge-offs Manufactured housing Pass Substandard Total manufactured housing Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Pass Substandard Total consumer Current period gross charge-offs 
 
 19 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Special Mention Substandard Total owner occupied CRE Current period gross charge-offs Income producing CRE Pass Special Mention Substandard Total income producing CRE Current period gross charge-offs Commercial industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Total commercial industrial Current period gross charge-offs Commercial construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total commercial construction Current period gross charge-offs Equipment financing Pass Substandard Total equipment financing Current period gross charge-offs Residential mortgage Pass Substandard Total residential mortgage Current period gross charge-offs Home equity Pass Substandard Total home equity Current period gross charge-offs Residential construction Pass Substandard Total residential construction Current period gross charge-offs Manufactured housing Pass Substandard Total manufactured housing Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Pass Substandard Total consumer Current period gross charge-offs 
 
 20 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Income producing CRE Commercial industrial Equipment financing Residential mortgage Manufactured housing Consumer Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 New FDMs (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Weighted Average Modification Extension Owner occupied CRE months Commercial industrial years Residential mortgage years Consumer years Total Payment Delay Owner occupied CRE (1) 
 months Income producing CRE (2) 
 years Commercial industrial (1) 
 months Residential mortgage months Total Rate Reduction Commercial industrial basis points 
 Payment Delay and Extension Commercial industrial Payment delay: months; Extension: years 
 Equipment financing Extension and payment delay: months 
 Total Rate Reduction and Extension Income producing CRE Rate reduction: basis points; Extension: years 
 Residential mortgage Rate reduction: basis points; Extension: years 
 Manufactured housing Rate reduction: basis points; Extension: years 
 Total Rate Reduction and Payment Delay Owner occupied CRE Rate reduction: basis points; Payment delay: months 
 Commercial industrial Rate reduction: basis points; Payment delay: months 
 Total Rate Reduction, Payment Delay Extension 
 Owner occupied CRE Rate reduction: basis points; Payment delay: months; 
 Extension: years 
 Commercial industrial Rate reduction: basis points; Payment delay: months; 
 Extension: years 
 Total Total 
 (1) Payment delay FDMs in bankruptcy are excluded from the weighted average payment delay calculation. 
 (2) Payment delays in this category reflect principal payment delays, while interest payments continue in accordance with loan terms. 
 
 21 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Income producing CRE Commercial industrial Commercial construction Equipment financing Residential mortgage Residential construction Manufactured housing Total 
 
 The following paragraphs further describe the terms of FDMs executed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 Equipment financing FDMs typically consist of extensions and/or payment delays in which the borrower receives or more extensions and/or payment delays beyond the original maturity date. For the remainder of extension FDMs occurring during the first nine months of 2023, the weighted average extension granted was approximately months. 
 
 Commercial and industrial payment delay FDMs include million of loans in bankruptcy status. Excluding bankruptcy status loans, the remainder of FDMs in this category had a weighted average payment delay of approximately . 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, income producing CRE FDMs categorized as rate reduction and extensions resulted in a decrease in weighted average interest rate of basis points and extended the weighted average maturity by . Residential mortgage and manufactured housing FDMs resulted in a decrease in the weighted average interest rate on these FDMs of basis points and extended the weighted average maturity by years. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL for loans represents management s estimate of life of loan credit losses in the portfolio as of the end of the period. The ACL related to unfunded commitments is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, United used a one-year reasonable and supportable forecast period. Expected credit losses were estimated using a regression model for each segment based on historical data from peer banks combined with a third party vendor s baseline economic forecast to predict the change in credit losses. These estimates were then combined with a starting value that was based on United s recent charge-off experience to produce an expected default rate, with the results subject to a floor. Beginning in the second quarter of 2024, United adjusted the model assumption regarding the look-back period used to determine the starting value for the expected default rate, which decreased the need for model overlays and, collectively, had no material impact on the ACL. 
 
 In the case of commercial industrial loans, at September 30, 2024, the expected default rate was adjusted downward by a model overlay based on expectations of future performance. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the third party vendor s baseline economic forecast had improved slightly relative to the forecast at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, United applied qualitative adjustments to the model output for the residential mortgage, owner occupied CRE, commercial and industrial, manufactured housing and equipment finance portfolios. In addition, a qualitative adjustment was made for loans in certain western North Carolina areas affected by Hurricane Helene. 
 
 For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period of one year, United reverted to historical credit loss information on a straight line basis over two years. For most collateral types, United reverted to through-the-cycle average default rates using peer data from 2000 to 2017. For loans secured by residential mortgages and manufactured housing, the peer data was adjusted for changes in lending practices designed to mitigate the magnitude of losses observed during the 2008 mortgage crisis. 
 
 22 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

) ) ) Income producing CRE ) ) ) Commercial industrial ) ) Commercial construction ) ) ) Equipment financing ) ) Residential mortgage ) ) Home equity ) ) ) Residential construction ) ) ) Manufactured housing ) ) Consumer ) ) ACL - loans ) ) ACL - unfunded commitments ) ) Total ACL ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Beginning Balance Charge-Offs Recoveries (Release) Provision Ending Balance Beginning Balance Initial ACL - PCD loans (1) 
 Charge- Offs Recoveries (Release) Provision Ending Balance Owner occupied CRE ) ) ) Income producing CRE ) ) ) Commercial industrial ) ) Commercial construction ) ) Equipment financing ) ) Residential mortgage ) ) Home equity ) ) ) Residential construction ) ) ) Manufactured housing ) ) Consumer ) ) ACL - loans ) ) ACL - unfunded commitments ) ) Total ACL ) ) 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2023, represents the initial ACL related to PCD loans acquired in the First Miami transaction. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, represents the initial ACL related to PCD loans acquired in the First Miami and Progress transactions. 
 23 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 7 
 
 Cash flow hedges of trust preferred securities Fair value hedges of AFS debt securities Fair value hedges of loans Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Customer derivative positions Dealer offsets to customer derivative positions Risk participations Mortgage banking - loan commitments Mortgage banking - forward sales commitment Bifurcated embedded derivatives Dealer offsets to bifurcated embedded derivatives Total Total derivatives Total gross derivative instruments Less: Amounts subject to master netting agreements ) ) ) ) Less: Cash collateral received/pledged ) ) ) ) Net amount 
 
 United clears certain derivatives centrally through the CME. CME rules legally characterize variation margin payments for centrally cleared derivatives as settlements of the derivatives exposure rather than as collateral. As a result, the variation margin payment and the related derivative instruments are considered a single unit of account for accounting purposes. Variation margin, as determined by the CME, is settled daily. As a result, derivative contracts that clear through the CME have an estimated fair value of zero. 
 
 Hedging Derivatives 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, United utilized interest rate caps and swaps to hedge the variability of cash flows due to changes in interest rates on certain of its variable-rate subordinated debt and trust preferred securities. Gains and losses related to changes in fair value are reclassified into earnings in the periods the hedged forecasted transactions occur. Losses representing amortization of the premium recorded on cash flow hedges, which is a component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness, are recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis in the same caption as the hedged item over the term of the hedge. Over the next twelve months, United expects to reclassify million of gains from AOCI into earnings related to these agreements. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 United uses interest rate derivatives to manage its exposure to changes in fair value attributable to changes in interest rates on certain of its fixed-rate financial instruments. For derivatives designated and that qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. United includes the gain or loss on the hedged items in the same income statement line item as the offsetting loss or gain on the related derivatives. During the first three quarters of 2024, United entered into additional fair value hedges on stated amounts of closed portfolios of loans and investment securities using the portfolio layer method. 
 
 24 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Gain (loss) recognized on derivative 
 ) ) Gain (loss) recognized on hedged items 
 ) ) Net income recognized on AFS securities fair value hedges 
 Interest revenue- investment securities Loans: 
 Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives 
 Loss recognized on derivatives 
 ) ) Gain recognized on hedged items 
 Net income recognized on loan fair value hedges 
 Interest revenue - loans, including fees 
 Cash flow hedges: Long-term debt (1) 
 Interest expense- long term debt 
 (1) Includes premium amortization expense excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 ) Loans and leases held for investment 
 (1) Carrying amount for AFS debt securities reflects amortized cost, which excludes the hedge accounting basis adjustment. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Customer derivative positions include swaps, caps, and collars between United and certain commercial loan customers with offsetting positions to dealers under a back-to-back program. In addition, United occasionally enters into credit risk participation agreements with counterparty banks to accept or transfer a portion of the credit risk related to interest rate swaps. 
 
 United also has interest rate swap contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments but are economic hedges of market-linked brokered certificates of deposit. The market-linked brokered certificates of deposit contain embedded derivatives that are bifurcated from the host instruments and are marked to market through earnings. The fair value marks on the market-linked swaps and the bifurcated embedded derivatives tend to move in opposite directions and therefore provide an economic hedge. 
 
 In addition, United originates certain residential mortgage loans with the intention of selling these loans. Between the time United enters into an interest-rate lock commitment to originate a residential mortgage loan that is to be held for sale and the time the loan is funded and eventually sold, United is subject to the risk of variability in market prices. United enters into forward sale agreements to mitigate risk and to protect the expected gain on the eventual loan sale. The commitments to originate residential mortgage loans and 
 25 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Bifurcated embedded derivatives and dealer offsets Other noninterest income ) ) ) ) Mortgage banking derivatives Mortgage loan gains and other related fees ) ) Risk participations Other noninterest income ) 
 
 Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features 
 United manages its credit exposure on derivatives transactions by entering into a bilateral credit support agreement with each non-customer counterparty. The credit support agreements require collateralization of exposures beyond specified minimum threshold amounts. The details of these agreements, including the minimum thresholds, vary by counterparty. 
 
 United s agreements with each of its derivative counterparties provide that if either party defaults on any of its indebtedness, then it could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. The agreements with derivative counterparties also include provisions that if not met, could result in United being declared in default. United has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that provide that if United fails to maintain its status as a well-capitalized institution or is subject to a prompt corrective action directive, the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and United would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. Derivatives that are centrally cleared do not have credit-risk-related features that would require additional collateral if United s credit rating were downgraded. 

Note 8 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Net core deposit intangible Customer relationship intangible Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Net customer relationship intangible Total intangibles subject to amortization, net (1) 
 Goodwill Total goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
 (1) As intangible assets become fully amortized, they are excluded from balances presented. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, FinTrust met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. In the second quarter of 2024, at the time of transfer to held for sale, the carrying amount of FinTrust s net assets held for sale was compared to fair value, less cost to sell, which resulted in a million write-down to the goodwill associated with FinTrust. The write-down is reflected in other noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of September 30, 2024, FinTrust had total assets of million, including million of goodwill and a million customer relationship intangible included in the table above. When United closed on the sale of FinTrust on October 1, 2024, the related intangibles were disposed of as of that date. 
 
 26 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Acquisitions Measurement period adjustment - First Miami (2) 
 FinTrust goodwill write-down 
 ) Balance, end of period (1) 
 
 (1) Goodwill balances are shown net of accumulated impairment losses of million incurred prior to 2023. 
 (2) See Note 4 for further details. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note 9 
 27 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

28 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS Commercial MBS Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Mortgage loans held for sale Deferred compensation plan assets Servicing rights for SBA/USDA loans Residential mortgage servicing rights Derivative financial instruments Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liability Derivative financial instruments Total liabilities 
 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: AFS debt securities: U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government agencies GSEs State and political subdivisions Residential MBS Commercial MBS Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Mortgage loans held for sale Deferred compensation plan assets Servicing rights for SBA/USDA loans Residential mortgage servicing rights Derivative financial instruments Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liability Derivative financial instruments Total liabilities 
 
 29 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Additions Sales and settlements ) ) ) ) ) Fair value adjustments included in OCI ) Fair value adjustments included in earnings ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Nine Months Ended September 30, Beginning balance Business combinations Additions Transfers from Level 2 Sales and settlements ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value adjustments included in OCI ) Fair value adjustments included in earnings ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 - 
 - 
 Prepayment rate - 
 - 
 Residential mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 - 
 Prepayment rate - 
 - 
 Corporate bonds Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 - 
 Derivative assets - mortgage Internal model Pull through rate - 
 - 
 Derivative assets and liabilities - other Dealer priced Dealer priced N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 
 Fair Value Option 
 United generally records mortgage loans held for sale at fair value under the fair value option. Interest income on these loans is calculated based on the note rate of the loan and is recorded in interest revenue. 
 Fair value 
 
 30 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Changes in fair value were mostly offset by hedging activities. An immaterial portion of these amounts was attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 United may be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These adjustments to fair value usually result from the application of the lower of the amortized cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets due to impairment. 
 FinTrust net assets held for sale 
 December 31, 2023 Loans held for investment 
 
 Loans held for investment that are reported above as being measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are generally impaired loans that have either been partially charged off or have specific reserves assigned to them. Nonaccrual loans that are collateral dependent are generally written down to net realizable value, which reflects fair value less the estimated costs to sell. Specific reserves that are established based on appraised value of collateral are considered nonrecurring fair value adjustments as well. When an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price, United records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. 
 
 In June 2024, the net assets of FinTrust were transferred to held for sale and therefore were carried at fair value, less cost to sell as of September 30, 2024. The fair value, less cost to sell was based on a probability-weighted discounted cash flow valuation of the consideration included in a sales contract executed in June 2024, which resulted in a million write-down to the goodwill associated with FinTrust recorded during the second quarter of 2024. The valuation of the disposal group is categorized as Level 3 as significant unobservable inputs, most notably the probability assessment of realizing revenue-related contingent consideration, were used in the determination of fair value. The sale of FinTrust was completed subsequent to the end of the third quarter on October 1, 2024. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value 
 For financial instruments that have quoted market prices, those quotes are used to determine fair value. Financial instruments that have no defined maturity, have a remaining maturity of days or less, or reprice frequently to a market rate, are assumed to have a fair value that approximates reported book value, after taking into consideration any applicable credit risk. If no market quotes are available, financial instruments are valued by discounting the expected cash flows using an estimated current market interest rate for the financial instrument. For off-balance sheet derivative instruments, fair value is estimated as the amount that United would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date, taking into account the current unrealized gains or losses on open contracts. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and repurchase agreements have short maturities and therefore the carrying value approximates fair value. Due to the short-term settlement of accrued interest receivable and payable, the carrying amount closely approximates fair value. 
 
 Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect the premium or discount on any particular financial instrument that could result from the sale of United s entire holdings. All estimates are inherently subjective in nature. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
 
 Fair value estimates are based on existing on and off-balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. Significant assets and 
 31 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Loans and leases, net Liabilities: Deposits Long-term debt December 31, 2023 Assets: HTM debt securities Loans and leases, net Liabilities: Deposits Long-term debt 
 
 32 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 10) with an exercise period not to exceed . Certain options and restricted stock unit awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the plan document). As of September 30, 2024, the plan covered million shares that could be issued pursuant to additional awards granted under the plan. 
 
 Granted Released / Exercised ) ) Cancelled ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested / Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 compensation expense relating to options was included in earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Compensation expense for restricted stock units and performance stock units without market conditions is based on the market value of United s common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for performance stock units with market conditions is based on the grant date per share fair value, which was estimated using the Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model. United recognizes the impact of forfeitures as they occur. The value of restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards is amortized into expense over the service period. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, expense of million and million, respectively, was recognized related to restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards granted to United employees, which was included in salaries and employee benefits expense. In addition, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively, was recognized in other expense for restricted stock unit awards granted to members of United s Board. 
 
 million and million was included in the determination of income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized expense related to non-vested restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards granted under the plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

33 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 11 
 
 ) Securities losses, net Income tax expense ) Net of tax Amortization of unrealized losses on HTM securities transferred from AFS: ) ) ) ) Investment securities interest revenue Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net of tax Reclassifications related to derivative instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges: Interest rate contracts Long-term debt interest expense ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension plan net periodic pension cost components: Prior service cost ) ) ) ) Salaries and employee benefits expense Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) ) ) ) Net of tax 
 
 34 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 12 
 Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) ) Discount on preferred shares repurchased 
 Earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Restricted stock units Diluted Net income per common share: Basic Diluted 
 
 potentially dilutive shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options were excluded from the computation of earnings per share because of their antidilutive effect. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, United excluded from the computation of earnings per share potentially dilutive shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options because of their antidilutive effect. 

Note 13 
 
 35 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Tier 1 capital Total capital Leverage ratio CET1 capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Risk-weighted assets Average total assets for the leverage ratio 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the minimum ratios as presented were subject to an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.50 

Note 14 
 Letters of credit 
 
 For certain purchase card and credit card agreements between United customers and a third party institution, in the case of the borrower s default, United will make the holder of the loan whole. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of these purchase and credit card loans totaled million. 
 
 United, in the normal course of business, is subject to various pending and threatened lawsuits in which claims for monetary damages are asserted. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these lawsuits, or the range of any possible loss, management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the ultimate aggregate liability, if any, arising from these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on United s financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Tax Credit and Certain Equity Investments 
 United invests in certain LIHTC partnerships throughout its market area as a means of supporting local communities, as well as in entities that promote renewable energy sources. United receives tax credits related to these investments. For certain of the investments, United provides financing during the construction and development phase of the related projects and/or permanent financing upon completion of the project. United has concluded that these partnerships are VIEs of which it is not the primary beneficiary because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs' financial performance and, therefore, is not required to consolidate these VIEs. United's maximum potential exposure to losses relative to investments in these VIEs is generally 
 36 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Amount of future funding commitments included in carrying amount Other liabilities Lending exposure 
 Loans and leases held for investment 
 Renewable energy investments: Carrying amount Other assets Amount of future funding commitments (1) 
 N/A 
 Fintech funds and certain other equity method investments: Carrying amount Other assets Amount of future funding commitments not included in carrying amount N/A 
 (1) Starting in 2024, United no longer records future funding commitments related to its renewable energy investments on the balance sheet. Prior to 2024, these commitments were included in other liabilities. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of tax credits and amortization expense associated with the United s tax credit investment activity. 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Income Statement Location 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Investments in LIHTC: 
 Income tax credits and other income tax benefits Income tax expense ) ) Amortization expense 
 Income tax expense 

Note 15 
 
 million and approved the extension of the program through December 31, 2025. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shares were repurchased under the program. As of September 30, 2024, United had remaining authorization to repurchase up to million of outstanding common stock under the program. 
 
 37 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following is a discussion of our financial condition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The purpose of this discussion is to focus on information about our financial condition and results of operations which is not otherwise apparent from our consolidated financial statements and is intended to provide insight into our results of operations and financial condition. The following discussion and analysis should be read along with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I - Item 1 of this Report, Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and the risk factors discussed in our 2023 10-K and the other reports we have filed with the SEC after we filed the 2023 10-K. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, our, us refer to United on a consolidated basis. 

Overview 
 
 We offer a wide array of commercial and consumer banking services and investment advisory services primarily through the operation of 202 banking offices throughout Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Florida and Alabama. We have grown organically as well as through strategic acquisitions. At September 30, 2024, we had consolidated total assets of 27.4 billion and 3,010 full-time equivalent employees. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Effective May 2024, we officially moved our holding company headquarters from Blairsville, Georgia to Greenville, South Carolina. 
 Effective June 2024, the Bank changed its primary federal regulator from the FDIC to the Federal Reserve. 
 Effective August 6, 2024, we transferred the listing of our securities from NASDAQ to the New York Stock Exchange. Our common shares are now listed under the trading symbol UCB and our preferred Series I depositary shares are now listed under the trading symbol UCB PRI. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we entered into an agreement to sell FinTrust, which closed subsequent to the end of the third quarter on October 1, 2024. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we sold 303 million of manufactured housing loans, which was substantially all of that portfolio. As a result of the sale, we recorded a charge-off of 11.0 million, which is reflected in the loans sold amount, and a pre-tax loss on sale of the loans of 27.2 million, reflected in noninterest income. Our manufactured housing loan portfolio came to us through the acquisition of Reliant Bank in January 2022 and we discontinued originating those loans in the third quarter of 2023. Selling the portfolio reduced risk and allowed us to redirect our management and capital resources to activities that better align with our strategic objectives. 
 Results of Operations 
 We reported net income and diluted earnings per common share of 47.3 million and 0.38, respectively, for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 47.9 million and 0.39, respectively, for the same period in 2023. The third quarter of 2024 included a 27.2 million loss on the manufactured housing loan sale, which was partially offset by a decrease in provision for credit losses of 15.8 million and an increase in net interest revenue of 6.63 million. 
 
 Net interest revenue increased to 209 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 203 million for the third quarter of 2023. Taxable equivalent interest revenue increased 26.0 million mostly resulting from higher interest rates earned on our average loan and securities portfolios. The increase resulted from the replacement of lower-yielding fixed-rate asset runoff with higher-yielding market rate instruments and earnings from fair value hedges on certain AFS investment securities and loans. The increase in interest revenue was partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 19.3 million mostly resulting from interest-bearing deposit growth in combination with higher rates paid on those deposits. For the third quarter of 2024, our net interest spread increased seven basis points to 2.30 and our net interest margin increased nine basis points to 3.33 compared to the same period of 2023. The increases in net interest spread and net interest margin reflect the increase in yield on interest-earning assets, as discussed, in combination with less steep increases in deposit rates compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 14.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to a provision of 30.3 million for the third quarter of 2023. The provision for the third quarter of 2023 was elevated due to a 19.0 million charge off taken during this quarter and a 4.01 million provision for the establishment of the initial ACL for First Miami non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments. The provision for credit losses for the third quarter of 2024 is indicative of the impact of an improving economic 
 38 

forecast and slower loan growth, partly offset by a special provision of 9.89 million related to expected losses in nine counties in western North Carolina severely affected by Hurricane Helene. The provision for unfunded commitments for the quarter was a negative 1.49 million due to a decrease in the amount of unfunded commitments, particularly commercial construction commitments. 
 
 Noninterest income of 8.09 million for the third quarter of 2024 decreased by 23.9 million compared to the third quarter of 2023 mostly driven by the loss on the manufactured housing loan sale and a negative fair value adjustment, including decay, to our mortgage servicing asset of 3.07 million. These reductions in noninterest income were partially offset by gains on other investments compared to losses in the third quarter of 2023, which resulted in a 2.43 million increase in income, and an increase in other noninterest income of 3.55 million. Other noninterest income in the third quarter of 2023 was negatively impacted by a 1.00 million loss on the sale of two of our Tennessee branches and 912,000 more in collateral charges related to our derivative positions. 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, noninterest expenses of 143 million decreased 1.41 million, or 1 , compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in merger-related and other charges of 6.99 million due to the lack of merger activity in 2024, which was partially offset by a 2.36 million increase in salaries and employee benefits and a 1.72 million increase in communications and equipment expense. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we reported net income of 177 million and 173 million, respectively, and diluted earnings per common share of 1.43 and 1.44, respectively. Net interest revenue and net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 617 million and 3.30 , respectively, compared to 614 million and 3.41 , respectively, for the same period in 2023. In addition to the factors affecting the third quarter of 2024, results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include a 5.10 million goodwill write-down associated with the transfer of FinTrust to held-for-sale, a 1.37 million increase in BOLI income related to death benefits recognized in the first and third quarters of 2024 and higher FDIC assessment expense of 4.58 million, which is attributable to the FDIC special assessment and an increase in our assessment base. The nine months ended September 30, 2024 also reflects an additional six months of salaries and benefits and occupancy expense attributable to the addition of First Miami employees and branches on July 1, 2023. 
 
 Results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 are discussed in further detail throughout the following sections of MD A. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and revenues and expenses for the period. Our accounting and reporting estimates are in accordance with GAAP and conform to general practices within the banking industry. Estimates that are susceptible to significant changes include accounting for the ACL and fair value measurements, both of which require significant judgments by management. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Also, different assumptions in the application of these accounting estimates could result in material changes in our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. Our critical accounting estimates are discussed in MD A in our 2023 10-K. 
 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliation and Explanation 
 
 This Report contains financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial information includes the following measures: tangible book value per common share, and tangible common equity to tangible assets. In addition, management presents non-GAAP operating performance measures, which exclude merger-related and other items that are not part of our ongoing business operations. Operating performance measures include noninterest income - operating, noninterest expense - operating, net income operating, diluted income per common share operating, return on common equity operating, return on tangible common equity operating, return on assets operating and efficiency ratio operating. We have developed internal policies and procedures to accurately capture and account for merger-related and other charges and those charges are reviewed with the Audit Committee of our Board each quarter. We use these non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful supplemental information for evaluating our operations and performance over periods of time, as well as in managing and evaluating our business and in discussions about our operations and performance. We believe these non-GAAP measures may also provide users of our financial information with a meaningful measure for assessing our financial results and credit trends, as well as a comparison to financial results for prior periods. Nevertheless, non-GAAP measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied and are not audited. These non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative to or substitute for, measures determined in accordance with GAAP. In addition, because non-GAAP measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare our non-GAAP measures to similarly titled measures used by other companies. To the extent applicable, reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable measures as reported in accordance with GAAP are included in Table 1 of MD A. 
 39 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Table 1 - Financial Highlights (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 Third Quarter 
 2024 - 2023 Change 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, YTD Change Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 
 Fourth Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 2024 2023 INCOME SUMMARY Interest revenue 349,086 346,965 336,728 338,698 323,147 1,032,779 898,409 Interest expense 139,900 138,265 137,579 135,245 120,591 415,744 284,097 Net interest revenue 209,186 208,700 199,149 203,453 202,556 3 617,035 614,312 Provision for credit losses 14,428 12,235 12,899 14,626 30,268 39,562 74,804 Noninterest income 8,091 36,556 39,587 (23,090) 31,977 (75) 84,234 98,573 (15) Total revenue 202,849 233,021 225,837 165,737 204,265 (1) 661,707 638,081 4 Noninterest expenses 143,065 147,044 145,002 154,587 144,474 (1) 435,111 416,686 4 Income before income tax expense 59,784 85,977 80,835 11,150 59,791 226,596 221,395 2 Income tax expense 12,437 19,362 18,204 (2,940) 11,925 4 50,003 47,941 4 Net income 47,347 66,615 62,631 14,090 47,866 (1) 176,593 173,454 2 Non-operating items 29,385 6,493 2,187 67,450 9,168 38,065 21,444 Income tax benefit of non-operating items (6,276) (1,462) (493) (16,714) (2,000) (8,231) (4,775) Net income - operating (1) 
 70,456 71,646 64,325 64,826 55,034 28 206,427 190,123 9 PERFORMANCE MEASURES Per common share: Diluted net income - GAAP 0.38 0.54 0.51 0.11 0.39 (3) 1.43 1.44 (1) Diluted net income - operating (1) 
 0.57 0.58 0.52 0.53 0.45 27 1.67 1.58 6 Cash dividends declared 0.24 0.23 0.23 0.23 0.23 4 0.70 0.69 1 Book value 27.68 27.18 26.83 26.52 25.87 7 27.68 25.87 7 Tangible book value (3) 
 19.66 19.13 18.71 18.39 17.70 11 19.66 17.70 11 Key performance ratios: Return on common equity - GAAP (2)(4) 
 5.20 7.53 7.14 1.44 5.32 6.61 6.69 Return on common equity - operating (1)(2)(4) 
 7.82 8.12 7.34 7.27 6.14 7.76 7.35 Return on tangible common equity - operating (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 11.17 11.68 10.68 10.58 9.03 11.18 10.65 Return on assets - GAAP (4) 
 0.67 0.97 0.90 0.18 0.68 0.85 0.86 Return on assets - operating (1)(4) 
 1.01 1.04 0.93 0.92 0.79 0.99 0.95 Net interest margin (FTE) (4) 
 3.33 3.37 3.20 3.19 3.24 3.30 3.41 Efficiency ratio - GAAP 65.51 59.70 60.47 66.33 61.32 61.76 58.06 Efficiency ratio - operating (1) 
 57.37 57.06 59.15 59.57 57.43 57.84 55.07 Equity to total assets 12.45 12.35 12.06 11.95 11.85 12.45 11.85 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (3) 
 8.93 8.78 8.49 8.36 8.18 8.93 8.18 ASSET QUALITY NPAs 114,960 116,722 107,230 92,877 90,883 26 114,960 90,883 26 ACL - loans 205,290 213,022 210,934 208,071 201,557 2 205,290 201,557 2 Net charge-offs 23,651 11,614 12,908 10,122 26,638 48,173 42,121 ACL - loans to loans 1.14 1.17 1.15 1.14 1.11 1.14 1.11 Net charge-offs to average loans (4) 
 0.52 0.26 0.28 0.22 0.59 0.35 0.32 NPAs to total assets 0.42 0.43 0.39 0.34 0.34 0.42 0.34 AT PERIOD END in millions) 
 Loans 17,964 18,211 18,375 18,319 18,203 (1) 17,964 18,203 (1) Investment securities 6,425 6,038 5,859 5,822 5,701 13 6,425 5,701 13 Total assets 27,373 27,057 27,365 27,297 26,869 2 27,373 26,869 2 Deposits 23,253 22,982 23,332 23,311 22,858 2 23,253 22,858 2 Shareholders equity 3,407 3,343 3,300 3,262 3,184 7 3,407 3,184 7 Common shares outstanding (thousands) 119,283 119,175 119,137 119,010 118,976 119,283 118,976 
 (1) E xcludes non-operating items as detailed on Non-GAAP Performance Measures Reconciliation on next page . (2) Net income less preferred stock dividends, divided by average realized common equity, which excludes AOCI. (3) Excludes effect of acquisition related intangibles and associated amortization. (4) Annualized. 
 40 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Table 1 (Continued) - Financial Highlights Non-GAAP Performance Measures Reconciliation (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2024 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 
 Fourth Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 2024 2023 Noninterest income reconciliation Noninterest income (GAAP) 8,091 36,556 39,587 (23,090) 31,977 84,234 98,573 Loss on sale of manufactured housing loans 27,209 27,209 Gain on lease termination (2,400) (2,400) Bond portfolio restructuring loss 51,689 Noninterest income - operating 35,300 36,556 37,187 28,599 31,977 109,043 98,573 Noninterest expense reconciliation Noninterest expenses (GAAP) 143,065 147,044 145,002 154,587 144,474 435,111 416,686 Loss on FinTrust (goodwill impairment) (5,100) (5,100) FDIC special assessment 764 (2,500) (9,995) (1,736) Merger-related and other charges (2,176) (2,157) (2,087) (5,766) (9,168) (6,420) (21,444) Noninterest expenses - operating 140,889 140,551 140,415 138,826 135,306 421,855 395,242 Net income to operating income reconciliation Net income (GAAP) 47,347 66,615 62,631 14,090 47,866 176,593 173,454 Loss on sale of manufactured housing loans 27,209 27,209 Bond portfolio restructuring loss 51,689 Gain on lease termination (2,400) (2,400) Loss on FinTrust (goodwill impairment) 5,100 5,100 FDIC special assessment (764) 2,500 9,995 1,736 Merger-related and other charges 2,176 2,157 2,087 5,766 9,168 6,420 21,444 Income tax benefit of non-operating items (6,276) (1,462) (493) (16,714) (2,000) (8,231) (4,775) Net income - operating 70,456 71,646 64,325 64,826 55,034 206,427 190,123 Diluted income per common share reconciliation Diluted income per common share (GAAP) 0.38 0.54 0.51 0.11 0.39 1.43 1.44 Loss on sale of manufactured housing loans 0.18 0.18 Bond portfolio restructuring loss 0.32 Gain on lease termination (0.02) (0.02) Loss on FinTrust (goodwill impairment) 0.03 0.03 FDIC special assessment 0.02 0.06 0.01 Merger-related and other charges 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.04 0.06 0.04 0.14 Diluted income per common share - operating 0.57 0.58 0.52 0.53 0.45 1.67 1.58 Book value per common share reconciliation Book value per common share (GAAP) 27.68 27.18 26.83 26.52 25.87 27.68 25.87 Effect of goodwill and other intangibles (8.02) (8.05) (8.12) (8.13) (8.17) (8.02) (8.17) Tangible book value per common share 19.66 19.13 18.71 18.39 17.70 19.66 17.70 Return on tangible common equity reconciliation Return on common equity (GAAP) 5.20 7.53 7.14 1.44 5.32 6.61 6.69 Loss on sale of manufactured housing loans 2.43 0.82 Bond portfolio restructuring loss 4.47 Gain on lease termination (0.22) (0.07) Loss on FinTrust (goodwill impairment) 0.46 0.16 FDIC special assessment (0.07) 0.23 0.86 0.05 Merger-related and other charges 0.19 0.20 0.19 0.50 0.82 0.19 0.66 Return on common equity - operating 7.82 8.12 7.34 7.27 6.14 7.76 7.35 Effect of goodwill and other intangibles 3.35 3.56 3.34 3.31 2.89 3.42 3.30 Return on tangible common equity - operating 11.17 11.68 10.68 10.58 9.03 11.18 10.65 
 41 

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. Table 1 (Continued) - Financial Highlights Non-GAAP Performance Measures Reconciliation (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2024 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 
 Fourth Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 2024 2023 Return on assets reconciliation Return on assets (GAAP) 0.67 0.97 0.90 0.18 0.68 0.85 0.86 Loss on sale of manufactured housing loans 0.31 0.10 Bond portfolio restructuring loss 0.57 Gain on lease termination (0.03) (0.01) Loss on FinTrust (goodwill impairment) 0.06 0.02 FDIC special assessment (0.01) 0.03 0.11 0.01 Merger-related and other charges 0.03 0.02 0.03 0.06 0.11 0.02 0.09 Return on assets - operating 1.01 1.04 0.93 0.92 0.79 0.99 0.95 Efficiency ratio reconciliation Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 65.51 59.70 60.47 66.33 61.32 61.76 58.06 Loss on sale of manufactured housing loans (7.15) (2.25) Gain on lease termination 0.60 0.21 Loss on FinTrust (goodwill impairment) (2.07) (0.73) FDIC special assessment 0.31 (1.05) (4.29) (0.24) Merger-related and other charges (0.99) (0.88) (0.87) (2.47) (3.89) (0.91) (2.99) Efficiency ratio - operating 57.37 57.06 59.15 59.57 57.43 57.84 55.07 Tangible common equity to tangible assets reconciliation Equity to total assets (GAAP) 12.45 12.35 12.06 11.95 11.85 12.45 11.85 Effect of goodwill and other intangibles (3.20) (3.24) (3.25) (3.27) (3.33) (3.20) (3.33) Effect of preferred equity (0.32) (0.33) (0.32) (0.32) (0.34) (0.32) (0.34) Tangible common equity to tangible assets 8.93 8.78 8.49 8.36 8.18 8.93 8.18 
 
 42 

Net Interest Revenue 
 
 For the quarter: 
 
 FTE net interest revenue for the third quarter of 2024 was 210 million, an increase of 6.66 million from the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by increases in average rates earned on loans and taxable securities, which increased 40 basis points and 42 basis points, respectively. This was the primary driver in the increase in interest revenue on earning assets of 26.0 million. 
 
 Loan interest revenue increased 17.4 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in yield on average loans was attributable to rising rates, including the impact of the replacement of lower-yielding fixed rate asset runoff with higher-yielding market rate instruments, and 4.61 million in earnings from recent fair value hedges of loans, which were entered into during the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the average daily balance of loans, primarily due to slow loan growth and the sale of substantially all of our manufactured housing loans at the end of August 2024, and a decrease in purchased loan discount accretion of 1.22 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. Purchased loan discount accretion for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 totaled 4.39 million and 5.61 million, respectively. 
 
 FTE interest revenue on securities increased 8.26 million compared to the same period of last year, driven by the increase in the average interest rate earned on taxable securities which is mostly attributable to rising interest rates, the bond portfolio restructuring we completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and the earnings from the fair value hedges of certain AFS securities. The hedges contributed 4.41 million and 3.77 million, respectively, in earnings in third quarter 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Interest expense for the third quarter of 2024 increased 19.3 million compared to the same quarter of 2023. The average daily balance of interest-bearing deposits increased 892 million compared to the third quarter of 2023 and the average rate paid on those deposits increased 32 basis points, resulting in a 19.4 million increase in deposit interest expense. The growth in interest-bearing deposits is attributable to organic growth and deposit migration from noninterest-bearing deposit accounts. We have continued to attract and retain deposits by remaining competitive with our interest rate offerings, which has increased our average rate paid on deposits. As a result, we have been able to reduce our utilization of higher interest rate brokered deposits, the interest expense for which decreased 1.65 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, partially offsetting the increased interest expense on customer deposits. The growth in our deposit base has also allowed us to reduce our utilization of more costly short-term borrowings and FHLB advances, as the average balances of these combined decreased 42.3 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, resulting in a reduction in interest expense on these types of borrowings. 
 
 When compared to the third quarter of 2023, our net interest rate spread increased seven basis points to 2.30 and our net interest margin increased nine basis points to 3.33 . The increase is mostly driven by the increase in interest rates on our interest-earning assets, which includes the positive impact of our fair value hedges on certain AFS securities and loans, which exceeded the increase in the rates paid on interest-bearing deposits. 
 
 For the nine months ended: 
 
 FTE net interest revenue for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 was 620 million and 617 million, respectively. Net interest revenue included 14.4 million in purchased loan accretion for both the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. Net interest revenue for the first nine months of 2024 also included an increase in earnings from the AFS securities fair value hedges of 6.07 million and 9.55 million in earnings from the loan fair value hedges. 
 
 In addition to the factors influencing the quarter, the acquisition of First Miami on July 1, 2023 impacted the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as First Miami added 577 million in loans and 865 million in deposits, including 637 million of interest-bearing deposits, as of the acquisition date. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, our net interest spread decreased 24 basis points and our net interest margin decreased by 11 basis points compared to the same period of 2023. The compression in net interest rate spread and net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to that of 2023 resulted primarily from the cumulative effect of rising interest rates paid on deposits over the last several quarters as compared to that of last year, combined with the increases in interest-bearing deposits from organic growth, interest-bearing deposits received from First Miami and migration from our non-interest bearing deposits. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the average daily balance of noninterest bearing deposits comprised 27 and 33 , respectively, of total deposits. 

43 

Table 2 - Average Consolidated Balance Sheets and Net Interest Analysis For the Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands, (FTE)) 
 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Average Rate Average Balance Interest Average Rate Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans, net of unearned income (FTE) (1)(2) 
 18,051,741 291,164 6.42 18,055,402 273,800 6.02 Taxable securities (3) 
 6,182,164 51,284 3.32 5,933,708 43,007 2.90 Tax-exempt securities (FTE) (1)(3) 
 361,359 2,292 2.54 368,148 2,313 2.51 Federal funds sold and other interest-earning assets 505,792 5,440 4.28 538,039 5,093 3.76 Total interest-earning assets (FTE) 25,101,056 350,180 5.55 24,895,297 324,213 5.17 Noninterest-earning assets: Allowance for credit losses (215,008) (209,472) Cash and due from banks 206,995 225,831 Premises and equipment 399,262 367,217 Other assets (3) 
 1,615,468 1,568,824 Total assets 27,107,773 26,847,697 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and interest-bearing demand 5,797,845 43,401 2.98 5,285,513 35,613 2.67 Money market 6,342,455 56,874 3.57 5,622,355 46,884 3.31 Savings 1,126,774 672 0.24 1,301,047 868 0.26 Time 3,465,980 34,560 3.97 3,473,191 31,072 3.55 Brokered time deposits 50,364 642 5.07 209,119 2,296 4.36 Total interest-bearing deposits 16,783,418 136,149 3.23 15,891,225 116,733 2.91 Federal funds purchased and other borrowings 1,899 27 5.66 44,164 189 1.70 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 11 Long-term debt 323,544 3,724 4.58 324,770 3,669 4.48 Total borrowed funds 325,454 3,751 4.59 368,934 3,858 4.15 Total interest-bearing liabilities 17,108,872 139,900 3.25 16,260,159 120,591 2.94 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 6,239,926 6,916,272 Other liabilities 391,574 435,592 Total liabilities 23,740,372 23,612,023 Shareholders' equity 3,367,401 3,235,674 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 27,107,773 26,847,697 Net interest revenue (FTE) 210,280 203,622 Net interest-rate spread (FTE) 2.30 2.23 Net interest margin (FTE) (4) 
 3.33 3.24 
 
 (1) Interest revenue on tax-exempt securities and loans includes a taxable-equivalent adjustment to reflect comparable interest on taxable securities and loans. The FTE adjustment totaled 1.09 million and 1.07 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The tax rate used to calculate the adjustment was 25 in 2024 and 26 in 2023, reflecting the statutory federal income tax rate and the federal tax adjusted state income tax rate. 
 (2) Included in the average balance of loans outstanding are loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued and loans that are held for sale. 
 (3) Unrealized losses on AFS securities, including those related to the transfer from AFS to HTM, have been reclassified to other assets. Pretax unrealized losses of 295 million in 2024 and 430 million in 2023 are included in other assets for purposes of this presentation. 
 (4) Net interest margin is taxable equivalent net interest revenue divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 
 44 

Table 3 - Average Consolidated Balance Sheets and Net Interest Analysis For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands, (FTE)) 
 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Average Rate Average Balance Interest Average Rate Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans, net of unearned income (FTE) (1)(2) 
 18,187,790 866,502 6.36 17,377,210 760,802 5.85 Taxable securities (3) 
 5,988,368 144,363 3.21 5,982,615 120,212 2.68 Tax-exempt securities (FTE) (1)(3) 
 363,692 6,876 2.52 386,499 7,470 2.58 Federal funds sold and other interest-earning assets 559,786 18,256 4.36 490,703 13,103 3.57 Total interest-earning assets (FTE) 25,099,636 1,035,997 5.51 24,237,027 901,587 4.97 Non-interest-earning assets: Allowance for loan losses (214,372) (186,428) Cash and due from banks 210,982 249,411 Premises and equipment 392,561 347,514 Other assets (3) 
 1,613,118 1,518,503 Total assets 27,101,925 26,166,027 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and interest-bearing demand 5,913,566 133,522 3.02 4,891,214 80,809 2.21 Money market 6,092,649 160,883 3.53 5,349,265 105,430 2.64 Savings 1,159,982 2,065 0.24 1,341,033 2,108 0.21 Time 3,535,343 106,199 4.01 2,936,873 65,856 3.00 Brokered time deposits 50,343 1,726 4.58 280,293 9,608 4.58 Total interest-bearing deposits 16,751,883 404,395 3.22 14,798,678 263,811 2.38 Federal funds purchased and other borrowings 2,001 87 5.81 98,884 3,186 4.31 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 5 166,355 5,761 4.63 Long-term debt 324,414 11,262 4.64 324,737 11,339 4.67 Total borrowed funds 326,420 11,349 4.64 589,976 20,286 4.60 Total interest-bearing liabilities 17,078,303 415,744 3.25 15,388,654 284,097 2.47 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 6,306,919 7,226,096 Other liabilities 394,323 393,048 Total liabilities 23,779,545 23,007,798 Shareholders' equity 3,322,380 3,158,229 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 27,101,925 26,166,027 Net interest revenue (FTE) 620,253 617,490 Net interest-rate spread (FTE) 2.26 2.50 Net interest margin (FTE) (4) 
 3.30 3.41 
 
 (1) Interest revenue on tax-exempt securities and loans includes a taxable-equivalent adjustment to reflect comparable interest on taxable securities and loans. The FTE adjustment totaled 3.22 million and 3.18 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The tax rate used to calculate the adjustment was 25 in 2024 and 26 in 2023, reflecting the statutory federal income tax rate and the federal tax adjusted state income tax rate. 
 (2) Included in the average balance of loans outstanding are loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued and loans that are held for sale. 
 (3) Unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities, including those related to the transfer from AFS to HTM, have been reclassified to other assets. Pretax unrealized losses of 320 million and 413 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in other assets for purposes of this presentation. 
 (4) Net interest margin is taxable equivalent net-interest revenue divided by average interest-earning assets. 

45 

The following table shows the relative effect on net interest revenue for changes in the average outstanding amounts (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the rates earned and paid on such assets and liabilities (rate). Variances resulting from a combination of changes in rate and volume are allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each category. 
 
 Table 4 - Change in Interest Revenue and Expense on a FTE Basis 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes in 
 Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest-earning assets: Loans (FTE) (56) 17,420 17,364 36,571 69,129 105,700 Taxable securities 1,859 6,418 8,277 116 24,035 24,151 Tax-exempt securities (FTE) (43) 22 (21) (434) (160) (594) Federal funds sold and other interest-earning assets (319) 666 347 2,010 3,143 5,153 Total interest-earning assets (FTE) 1,441 24,526 25,967 38,263 96,147 134,410 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW and interest-bearing demand accounts 3,631 4,157 7,788 19,139 33,574 52,713 Money market accounts 6,290 3,700 9,990 16,097 39,356 55,453 Savings deposits (109) (87) (196) (304) 261 (43) Time deposits (65) 3,553 3,488 15,129 25,214 40,343 Brokered time deposits (1,975) 321 (1,654) (7,884) 2 (7,882) Total interest-bearing deposits 7,772 11,644 19,416 42,177 98,407 140,584 Federal funds purchased other borrowings (303) 141 (162) (3,926) 827 (3,099) FHLB advances (5,761) (5,761) Long-term debt (14) 69 55 (11) (66) (77) Total borrowed funds (317) 210 (107) (9,698) 761 (8,937) Total interest-bearing liabilities 7,455 11,854 19,309 32,479 99,168 131,647 Change in net interest revenue (FTE) (6,014) 12,672 6,658 5,784 (3,021) 2,763 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The ACL represents management s estimate of life of loan credit losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded loan commitments. Management s estimate of credit losses is determined using our CECL model that relies on reasonable and supportable forecasts and historical loss information to determine the balance of the ACL and resulting provision for credit losses. The provision for credit losses recorded in each period was the amount determined by management such that the total ACL reflected the appropriate balance of expected life of loan losses. 
 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 14.4 million and 39.6 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 30.3 million and 74.8 million, respectively, for the same periods of 2023. 
 
 The provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included an additional allowance of approximately 9.89 million for loans to borrowers in counties in western North Carolina that were most severely impacted by Hurricane Helene in late September. 
 
 The provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 provided for a 19.0 million loss related to one relationship with a wholesale oil distributor and the initial provision for credit losses on First Miami non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments of 
 46 

4.01 million. Additionally, the provision recorded for the first nine months of 2023 also included the initial provision for credit losses on Progress non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments of 10.4 million. 
 
 The table below shows the main components of provision expense for the periods indicated. The decrease in other provision expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 was mostly attributable to a more favorable economic forecast, slower loan growth and a decline in unfunded commitments. 
 
 Table 5 - Provision for Credit Losses 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Components of provision expense: 
 Acquisition related non-PCD loan and unfunded commitment provision 
 4,005 14,452 Allowance established for Hurricane Helene impacted areas of North Carolina 
 9,891 9,891 Individually significant loan losses during period 
 19,026 19,026 Other (i.e., loan growth, net charge-off coverage and change in forecast) 
 4,537 7,237 29,671 41,326 Total provision expense 
 14,428 30,268 39,562 74,804 
 
 Additional discussion on credit quality and the ACL is included in the Asset Quality and Risk Elements section of MD A in this Report. 

Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income for the periods indicated. 
 Table 6 - Noninterest Income 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Service charges and fees: Overdraft fees 3,603 3,214 389 12 9,977 8,470 1,507 18 ATM and debit card fees 3,833 4,145 (312) (8) 11,277 11,857 (580) (5) Other service charges and fees 3,052 2,956 96 3 9,118 8,464 654 8 Total service charges and fees 10,488 10,315 173 2 30,372 28,791 1,581 5 Mortgage loan gains and related fees 3,520 6,159 (2,639) (43) 17,830 17,264 566 3 Wealth management fees 6,338 6,451 (113) (2) 19,037 17,775 1,262 7 Gains on sales of other loans (25,700) 2,688 (28,388) (22,867) 6,909 (29,776) Lending and loan servicing fees 3,512 2,985 527 18 11,050 9,979 1,071 11 Securities losses, net (1,644) 1,644 Other noninterest income: Customer derivative fees 1,139 806 333 41 1,577 1,963 (386) (20) Other investment gains 1,182 (1,245) 2,427 4,130 909 3,221 BOLI 2,571 2,711 (140) (5) 7,375 6,007 1,368 23 Treasury management income 1,755 1,372 383 28 4,943 3,623 1,320 36 Other 3,286 (265) 3,551 10,787 6,997 3,790 54 Total other noninterest income 9,933 3,379 6,554 28,812 19,499 9,313 Total noninterest income 8,091 31,977 (23,886) (75) 84,234 98,573 (14,339) (15) 
 
 Overdraft fees for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 increased compared to the same periods of 2023, driven by higher overdraft transaction volume. 
 
 Mortgage loan gains and related fees consist primarily of fees earned on mortgage originations, gains on the sale of mortgages in the secondary market, mortgage derivative hedging gains and losses and fair value adjustments to our mortgage servicing asset. The change in mortgage income is strongly tied to the interest rate environment and industry conditions. We recognize the majority of fees 
 47 

on mortgages when customers enter into mortgage rate lock commitments, making our mortgage rate lock volume a significant driver of mortgage gains in any given period. 
 
 The decrease in mortgage loan gains and related fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily a result of negative fair value adjustments to our mortgage servicing asset partially offset by higher gains on mortgage sales. During the third quarter of 2024, we recorded a negative fair value adjustment, including decay, to the mortgage servicing rights asset of 3.07 million, compared to an 214,000 positive fair value adjustment, including decay, during the third quarter of 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, mortgage loan gains and related fees increased 3 compared to the same period of 2023 as higher gains on sales more than offset higher negative fair value adjustments recorded on our mortgage servicing asset. 
 
 Table 7 - Mortgage Loan Metrics 
 (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Mortgage rate locks 306,281 304,415 1 860,793 943,886 (9) # of mortgage rate locks 875 846 3 2,540 2,668 (5) Mortgage loans sold 171,692 108,420 58 442,282 329,444 34 # of mortgage loans sold 571 377 51 1,490 1,154 29 Mortgage loans originated: Purchases 212,470 184,608 15 551,755 610,036 (10) Refinances 26,186 26,860 (3) 72,737 89,339 (19) Total 238,656 211,468 13 624,492 699,375 (11) # of mortgage loans originated 681 614 11 1,813 1,969 (8) 
 
 The increase in wealth management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is mostly attributable to the addition of First Miami s assets under management starting July 1, 2023. Our total assets under management and advisement as of September 30, 2024 totaled 5.59 billion, 2.46 billion of which were attributable to FinTrust. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2024, on October 1, 2024, we completed the sale of FinTrust. 
 
 Our SBA/USDA lending strategy includes selling a portion of the loan production each quarter. The amount of loans sold depends on several variables including the current lending environment, balance sheet management activities and market pricing. From time to time, we also sell certain equipment financing receivables. In addition, during the third quarter of 2024, we sold the substantially all of our manufactured housing loan portfolio, the details of which are included in the table below. This portfolio was part of the Reliant Bancorp, Inc. acquisition, which closed in January 2022. The portfolio had been in runoff mode following our decision to cease originations in 2023. The sale reduced risk and allowed us to redirect resources to activities that better align with our strategic objectives. 
 
 The following table presents loans sold and the corresponding gains and losses recognized on the sales for the periods indicated. 
 
 Table 8 - Other Loan Sales 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Loans Sold Gain (Loss) Loans Sold Gain (Loss) Loans Sold Gain (Loss) Loans Sold Gain (Loss) Manufactured housing loan sale 302,870 (27,209) 302,870 (27,209) Guaranteed portion of SBA/USDA loans 11,385 815 26,381 1,545 39,084 2,645 70,223 4,635 Equipment financing receivables 21,122 694 37,671 1,143 57,836 1,697 76,945 2,274 Total 335,377 (25,700) 64,052 2,688 399,790 (22,867) 147,168 6,909 
 
 Lending and loan servicing fees for the third quarter of 2024 increased compared to 2023 due a more favorable negative fair value adjustment on our SBA/USDA servicing asset. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was attributable to higher equipment finance fee income. 
 
 48 

Significant changes in other noninterest income include: 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, customer derivative fee income was down compared to the same period of last year mostly due to slower loan growth and low demand for the product due to the high interest rate environment. However, during the third quarter of 2024, fees increased compared to the same period of 2023, which was mostly driven by the Federal Reserve s 50 basis point rate cut in September 2024, which increased demand for customer derivatives. 
 During the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, we recorded net unrealized gains on other investments, including deferred compensation plan assets, fintech and other equity securities. During the same periods of 2023, we recorded net unrealized gains on deferred compensation plan assets and fintech and limited partnership investments, however these were offset by unrealized losses on equity securities. 
 The increase in BOLI income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period of 2023 is primarily a result of death benefits realized during the first and third quarters of 2024. 
 The increase in treasury management income is a result of growth in customer base enrolled in this product, which is reflective of our continued investment in this area. 
 Other noninterest income for the third quarter of 2024 increased compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the change in collateral charges related to our derivative positions of 912,000 and due to the third quarter of 2023 including a 1.00 million loss on the disposal of two of our Tennessee branches. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in other noninterest income was mostly driven by a lease termination gain of 2.40 million, which resulted from exiting one of our corporate offices. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes the gain on sale of a commercial insurance book of business of 1.59 million and a 1.00 million loss on the Tennessee branch sale. 
 
 Noninterest Expenses 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expenses for the periods indicated. 
 Table 9 - Noninterest Expenses 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Salaries and employee benefits 83,533 81,173 2,360 3 254,336 236,121 18,215 8 Communications and equipment 12,626 10,902 1,724 16 36,534 31,654 4,880 15 Occupancy 11,311 10,941 370 3 33,466 31,024 2,442 8 Advertising and public relations 2,041 2,251 (210) (9) 6,401 6,914 (513) (7) Postage, printing and supplies 2,477 2,386 91 4 7,376 7,305 71 1 Professional fees 6,432 7,006 (574) (8) 18,464 19,670 (1,206) (6) Lending and loan servicing expense 2,227 2,697 (470) (17) 6,068 7,546 (1,478) (20) Outside services - electronic banking 4,433 2,561 1,872 73 10,163 8,646 1,517 18 FDIC assessments and other regulatory charges 5,003 4,314 689 16 17,036 12,457 4,579 37 Amortization of intangibles 3,528 4,171 (643) (15) 11,209 11,120 89 1 Merger-related and other charges 2,176 9,168 (6,992) (76) 6,420 21,444 (15,024) (70) Other 7,278 6,904 374 5 27,638 22,785 4,853 21 Total noninterest expenses 143,065 144,474 (1,409) (1) 435,111 416,686 18,425 4 
 
 The increase in salaries and employee benefits for the third quarter of 2024 compared the same period of 2023 was primarily driven by an increase in group insurance costs, an increase in accrued bonus expense, higher commission expense and a decrease in deferred direct loan origination costs attributable to slower loan growth. These increases were partially offset by reductions in salaries expense and incentive expense. Full time equivalent headcount totaled 3,010 at September 30, 2024, compared to 3,151 at September 30, 2023. 
 
 The increase in salaries and benefits expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was driven by several factors, including increases in salaries, bonus expense, temporary personnel expense, group insurance costs, deferred compensation expense and a decrease in deferred direct loan origination costs. These increases were partly offset by a decrease in 
 49 

incentive expense. The increase in salaries was driven both by the addition of First Miami employees starting in third quarter of 2023 and annual merit increases that went into effect on April 1, 2024. 
 
 Communications and equipment expense increased primarily due to incremental software contract costs and the growth in our network. We also recorded higher depreciation expense related to software and equipment placed into service since the third quarter of 2023, which includes technology equipment for our new Greenville headquarters building, the implementation of a new syndicated loan platform, and new signage associated with our rebranding. 
 
 The occupancy expense increase for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 was attributable to higher repairs and maintenance costs and depreciation expense, partially offset by a reduction in rent expense. The first nine months of 2024 also included an additional six months of expense related to branches acquired in the First Miami transaction compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 The increase in FDIC assessments and other regulatory charges for the first nine months of 2024 compared to that of 2023 was driven by growth in our FDIC assessment base and 1.74 million in additional expense related to the FDIC special assessment. The special assessment was formally announced in the fourth quarter of 2023 as part of the FDIC s efforts to recover losses resulting from the bank failures that occurred in early 2023. We accrued 10.0 million of expense related to the special assessment in the fourth quarter of 2023 based on the estimate at that time and then recorded additional expense in 2024 when the actual assessment notice was received. 
 
 The decrease in amortization of intangibles is attributable both to the discontinuation of amortization on the FinTrust customer list intangible, which was classified as held-for-sale as of September 30, 2024, and the aging of our core deposit intangibles as amortization expense of these intangibles tapers over the life of the asset. 
 
 Merger-related and other charges for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 primarily consisted of costs associated with our rebranding, branch closure costs and expenses related to the pending sale of FinTrust. Merger-related and other charges for the same periods of 2023 were primarily related to the acquisitions of Progress and First Miami, branch closure costs and our rebranding. 
 
 The increase in other noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the goodwill write-down of 5.10 million recorded in the second quarter related to the pending sale of FinTrust. The write-down reflects the reduction in book value of FinTrust to the estimated fair value of the sales proceeds, of which a portion is contingent upon achieving certain revenue growth targets. The sale of FinTrust was completed subsequent to the end of the third quarter on October 1, 2024. 

Balance Sheet Review 
 
 Total assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were 27.4 billion and 27.3 billion, respectively. Total liabilities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were 24.0 billion and 24.0 billion, respectively. Shareholders equity totaled 3.41 billion and 3.26 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 50 

Loans 
 
 Our loan portfolio, which as of September 30, 2024 totaled 17.9 billion, is our largest category of interest-earning assets. The following table presents a summary of the loan portfolio by loan type as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Table 10 - Loan Portfolio Composition 
 As of September 30, 2024 

The following table provides a disaggregation of our Income Producing CRE portfolio as of September 30, 2024. Total loans within this category totaled 4.26 billion at September 30, 2024. Our office income producing CRE portfolio totaled 762 million as of September 30, 2024. The average loan within this category was 1.37 million and the largest loan was 15.9 million. Senior care loans, which we no longer originate, totaled 268 million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Table 11 - CRE - Income Producing Portfolio Composition 
 As of September 30, 2024 

51 

Asset Quality and Risk Elements 
 
 We manage asset quality and control credit risk through review and oversight of the loan portfolio as well as adherence to policies designed to promote sound underwriting and loan monitoring practices. Our credit risk management function is responsible for monitoring asset quality and Board approved portfolio concentration limits, establishing credit policies and procedures and enforcing the consistent application of these policies and procedures. 
 
 We conduct reviews of special mention and substandard performing and nonperforming loans, past due loans and portfolio concentrations on a regular basis to identify risk migration and potential charges to the ACL. These items are discussed in a series of meetings attended by credit risk management leadership and leadership from various lending groups. In addition to the reviews mentioned above, an independent loan review team reviews the portfolio to ensure consistent application of risk rating policies and procedures. 
 
 The ACL reflects our assessment of the life of loan expected credit losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded loan commitments. This assessment involves uncertainty and judgment and is subject to change in future periods. The amount of any changes could be significant if our assessment of loan quality or collateral values changes substantially with respect to one or more loan relationships or portfolios. The allocation of the ACL is based on reasonable and supportable forecasts, historical data, subjective judgment and estimates and therefore, is not necessarily indicative of the specific amounts or loan categories in which charge-offs may ultimately occur. See the Critical Accounting Estimates section of MD A in our 2023 10-K for additional information on the ACL. 
 
 The total ACL for loans at September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.78 million, or 1 , compared to December 31, 2023 and the ACL for loans as a percentage of total loans remained constant. During the third quarter of 2024, we established an additional allowance of 9.89 million related to expected loan losses in nine counties in western North Carolina severely affected by Hurricane Helene, of which over half was related to the residential mortgage portfolio. Additionally, there was an increase in the ACL for equipment financing loans driven mostly by loan growth and recent charge-off history. These increases were mostly offset by the decrease in ACL for manufactured housing loans as we sold substantially all of that portfolio during the third quarter of 2024. Additionally, the ACL for income producing CRE loans decreased due to slow loan growth combined with an improved outlook for these loans after the recent federal funds interest rate cut in September of 2024, which positively affected the CRE Price Index. Our ACL for unfunded commitments decreased mostly due to a decrease in our construction commitments. 

Table 12 - Allocation of ACL 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ACL of loans in each category to total loans ACL of loans in each category to total loans Owner occupied CRE 21,235 18 23,542 18 Income producing CRE 39,476 24 47,755 23 Commercial industrial 34,699 13 30,890 13 Commercial construction 16,033 10 21,741 10 Equipment financing 45,866 9 33,383 9 Total commercial 157,309 74 157,311 73 Residential mortgage 34,303 18 28,219 17 Home equity 10,765 6 9,647 5 Residential construction 1,486 1 1,833 2 Manufactured housing 530 10,339 2 Consumer 897 1 722 1 Total ACL - loans 205,290 100 208,071 100 ACL - unfunded commitments 10,227 16,057 Total ACL 215,517 224,128 ACL - loans as a percentage of total loans 1.14 1.14 

52 

The following table presents a summary of net charge-offs to average loans for the periods indicated. 
 Table 13 - Net Charge-offs to Average Loans 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net charge-offs (recoveries) Owner occupied CRE (184) 582 181 467 Income producing CRE 1,409 3,011 4,582 6,501 Commercial industrial 4,577 17,542 9,764 20,513 Commercial construction 36 (49) 8 (191) Equipment financing 5,268 6,325 17,132 12,237 Residential mortgage 32 (129) (91) (259) Home equity 36 (2,784) (45) (2,810) Residential construction 111 341 256 949 Manufactured housing 11,556 1,168 14,275 2,416 Consumer 810 631 2,111 2,298 Total net charge-offs 23,651 26,638 48,173 42,121 Average loans Owner occupied CRE 3,305,391 3,240,648 3,290,993 3,136,798 Income producing CRE 4,152,421 3,956,141 4,163,423 3,719,663 Commercial industrial 2,302,556 2,563,692 2,348,293 2,497,002 Commercial construction 1,896,616 1,820,224 1,918,449 1,785,226 Equipment financing 1,590,140 1,544,284 1,561,859 1,494,726 Residential mortgage 3,260,024 3,017,081 3,236,507 2,832,109 Home equity 998,335 947,027 977,571 932,424 Residential construction 199,850 437,235 237,167 466,201 Manufactured housing 161,246 346,518 271,492 337,578 Consumer 185,162 182,552 182,036 175,483 Total average loans 18,051,741 18,055,402 18,187,790 17,377,210 Net charge-offs to average loans (1) 
 Owner occupied CRE (0.02) 0.07 0.01 0.02 Income producing CRE 0.13 0.30 0.15 0.23 Commercial industrial 0.79 2.71 0.56 1.10 Commercial construction 0.01 (0.01) (0.01) Equipment financing 1.32 1.62 1.47 1.09 Residential mortgage (0.02) (0.01) Home equity 0.01 (1.17) (0.01) (0.40) Residential construction 0.22 0.31 0.14 0.27 Manufactured housing 28.51 1.34 7.02 0.96 Consumer 1.74 1.37 1.55 1.75 Total 0.52 0.59 0.35 0.32 
 (1) Annualized. 
 
 Net charge-offs for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 decreased by 2.99 million. The third quarter and first nine months of 2024 include a 11.0 million charge off related to the manufactured housing loan sale that occurred during the period. The third quarter and first nine months of 2023 include a 19.0 million charge-off related to one relationship with a wholesale oil distributor that was part of a 218 million nationally syndicated credit, in which United s participation was 8.7 . 
 
 The increase in net charge-offs of 6.05 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was primarily related to increased charge-offs in the equipment finance portfolio and the charge offs in the third quarter of 2024 related to the sale of the manufactured housing loans. The increase in equipment finance charge-offs is partly attributable to charge-offs related to loans to borrowers in the long-haul trucking industry. The long-haul trucking equipment segment, comprising a small portion of the portfolio, is deemed not representative of the entire equipment financing portfolio. The increase in manufactured 
 53 

housing loan charge offs is due to recognition of the portion of the loss from the sale of that portfolio that results from estimated credit losses. Commercial industrial charge offs are down due to the large charge off taken in the third quarter of 2023 mentioned above. 

Nonperforming Assets 
 
 The table below summarizes NPAs for the periods indicated. NPAs include nonaccrual loans, OREO and repossessed assets. The increase since December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by net increases in commercial construction, commercial and industrial, and residential mortgage nonaccrual loans. Notably, one commercial and industrial borrower and one commercial construction borrower with loans of 4.95 million and 4.03 million, respectively, moved to nonaccrual status during 2024. Partially offsetting these increases, manufactured housing nonaccrual loans decreased 14.1 million compared to December 31, 2023 as a result of the sale of substantially all of this portfolio during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Table 14 - NPAs 
 (in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans 112,380 91,687 OREO and repossessed assets 2,580 1,190 Total NPAs 114,960 92,877 Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.63 0.50 NPAs as a percentage of total assets 0.42 0.34 ACL - loans to nonaccrual loans coverage ratio 1.83 2.27 
 
 A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of management, the full principal and interest on a loan is not likely to be collected, or when the loan becomes 90 days past due. A loan may continue on accrual status after 90 days with senior management approval if it is well collateralized and in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current interest revenue. Interest payments received on nonaccrual loans are applied to reduce the loan s amortized cost. Loans are generally returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current, there is a sustained period of repayment performance and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 Generally, we do not commit to lend additional funds to customers whose loans are on nonaccrual status, although in certain isolated cases, we execute forbearance agreements whereby we agree to continue to fund construction loans to completion or other lines of credit as long as the borrower meets the conditions of the forbearance agreement. We may also fund other amounts necessary to protect collateral such as amounts to pay past due property taxes and insurance coverage. 
 
 54 

Investment Securities 
 
 The composition of the investment securities portfolio reflects our investment strategy of maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity while providing a relatively stable source of revenue. The investment securities portfolio also provides a balance to interest rate risk and credit risk in other categories of the balance sheet while providing a vehicle for the investment of available funds, furnishing liquidity, and supplying securities to pledge as required collateral for certain deposits and borrowings. The table below summarizes the carrying value of our securities portfolio and other relevant portfolio metrics including weighted-average life and effective duration as of the dates presented. Effective duration represents the expected change in the price of a security when rates change by 100 basis points. 
 
 Table 15 - Investment Securities 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Carrying Value 
 of portfolio 
 Carrying Value 
 of portfolio 
 Change 
 AFS 
 4,023,455 63 3,331,084 57 692,371 HTM 
 2,401,877 37 2,490,848 43 (88,971) Total investment securities 
 6,425,332 5,821,932 603,400 Investment securities as a of total assets 
 23 21 Weighted average life 
 5.6 years 6.2 years Swap adjusted effective duration 
 3.7 4.0 Effective duration 
 4.1 4.4 
 In 2023 and 2024, we entered into fair value hedges on a portion of our AFS securities portfolio in order to mitigate the impact of any potential future unrealized losses on our tangible common equity. Gains and losses related to the hedge and hedged item are reflected in investment securities interest income. The changes in the fair value of the hedge and the hedged item substantially offset each other. See Note 7 to the financial statements for further detail. 
 
 Table 16 - Investment Securities Portfolio Composition 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 
 55 

At September 30, 2024, HTM debt securities had a fair value of 2.06 billion, indicating net unrealized losses of 341 million. Additional unrealized losses on HTM debt securities of 61.4 million (pre-tax) were included in AOCI as a result of the transfer of AFS debt securities to HTM in 2022. Unrealized losses were primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. 
 Our HTM debt securities portfolio is evaluated quarterly to assess whether an ACL is required. We measure expected credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. The estimate of expected credit losses considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. For U.S. Treasury and Government Agency securities, we include a zero loss assumption. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, calculated credit losses on HTM debt securities were deemed de minimis due to the high credit quality of the portfolio, which included securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies, GSEs, high credit quality municipalities and supranational entities. As a result, no ACL for HTM debt securities was recorded. 
 For AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position, if we intend to sell, or if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the security's amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. Absent circumstances when an AFS security would be sold, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. The evaluation considers factors such as the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, changes to the security s rating, and adverse conditions specific to the security. If the evaluation indicates a credit loss exists, an ACL may be recorded, with such allowance limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. Any impairment unrelated to credit factors is recognized in OCI. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no ACL related to the AFS debt securities portfolio. Unrealized losses at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 primarily reflected the effect of changes in interest rates. 
 
 We also hold certain equity investments, which are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. These investments include equity investments with readily determinable fair values, FHLB stock, and as of the second quarter of 2024, FRB stock. During the second quarter of 2024, we purchased 88.0 million of FRB stock in connection with becoming a FRB state member bank. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill represents the premium paid for acquired companies above the net fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including separately identifiable intangible assets. Management evaluates goodwill annually, or more frequently if necessary, to determine if any impairment exists. During the first quarter of 2024, we recorded a measurement period adjustment to the acquisition date fair values of other assets and other liabilities recorded for First Miami. The adjustment related to the lack of realizability of certain tax credits, which resulted in a net increase in goodwill of 1.34 million. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further detail. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, we entered into an agreement to sell FinTrust, our registered investment advisor, with the transaction completed subsequent to the end of the third quarter. The fair value of the consideration to be received from the sale includes a portion that is contingent upon achieving certain revenue growth targets over a five year period. Because the fair value of the consideration was less than the carrying amount of FinTrust, we recorded a 5.10 million write-down of FinTrust s goodwill in the second quarter of 2024. We do not believe that this goodwill impairment loss is an indicator of impairment of the remaining goodwill on our balance sheet and, therefore, does not represent a triggering event for an interim impairment test of the remaining goodwill on the balance sheet. See Note 8 to the financial statements for further detail. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net carrying amount of goodwill was 916 million and 920 million, respectively. The net carrying amount of goodwill at September 30, 2024 includes 9.06 million related to FinTrust, which was sold on October 1, 2024. 
 
 We also have core deposit and customer relationship intangible assets of 59.0 million at September 30, 2024, representing the value of acquired deposit and customer relationships, respectively, which are amortizing intangible assets. Amortizing intangible assets are required to be tested for impairment only when events or circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. The balance at September 30, 2024 includes FinTrust s customer list intangible of 6.02 million, which is included in the asset group held for sale. 
 
 56 

Deposits 
 
 Customer deposits are the primary source of funds for the continued growth of our earning assets. We believe our high level of service, as evidenced by our strong customer satisfaction scores, is instrumental in attracting and retaining customer deposit accounts. Since December 31, 2023, customer deposits decreased 67.5 million, which was mostly driven by a decrease in NOW and interest-bearing demand deposits due to seasonal outflow of public funds combined with more conservative public funds deposit pricing. In addition, our customer deposit composition changed since the end of 2023 as money market deposit balances increased with offsetting decreases in other customer deposit types. This was driven by higher demand for money market accounts, which are more liquid than time deposits and offer a higher interest rate than demand and savings accounts. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 9.23 billion of uninsured deposits, of which 2.71 billion was collateralized by investment securities. 
 
 Table 17 - Deposits 
 (in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Noninterest-bearing demand 6,222,518 6,534,307 NOW and interest-bearing demand 5,951,900 6,155,193 Money market and savings 7,415,124 6,808,394 Time 3,490,399 3,649,498 Total customer deposits 23,079,941 23,147,392 Brokered deposits 173,161 163,219 Total deposits 23,253,102 23,310,611 
 
 Borrowing Activities 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had long-term debt outstanding of 316 million and 325 million, respectively, which includes senior debentures, subordinated debentures, and trust preferred securities. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were no short-term borrowings or FHLB advances outstanding. The need to utilize wholesale funding sources has decreased as our deposit and cash balances have substantially provided for our liquidity needs. During the third quarter of 2024, we called two of our trust preferred securities, reducing our outstanding long-term debt by 8.56 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 There have not been any material changes to our contractual obligations since December 31, 2023. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and financial guarantees. 
 
 A commitment to extend credit is an agreement to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Letters of credit and financial guarantees are conditional commitments issued to guarantee a customer s performance to a third party and have essentially the same credit risk as extending loan facilities to customers. Those commitments are primarily issued to local businesses. 
 
 The exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and financial guarantees is represented by the contractual amount of these instruments. We use the same credit underwriting procedures for making commitments, letters of credit and financial guarantees, as we use for underwriting on-balance sheet instruments. Management evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis and the amount of the collateral, if deemed necessary, is based on the credit evaluation. Collateral held varies, but may include unimproved and improved real estate, certificates of deposit, personal property or other acceptable collateral. 
 
 The total amount of these instruments does not necessarily represent future cash requirements because a significant portion of these instruments expire without being used. We are not involved in off-balance sheet contractual relationships, other than those disclosed in this Report, that could result in liquidity needs or other commitments, or that could significantly affect earnings. See Note 23 to the 
 57 

consolidated financial statements included in the 2023 10-K and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in this Report for additional information on off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity Management 
 
 The absolute level and volatility of interest rates can have a significant effect on profitability. The primary objective of interest rate risk management is to identify and manage the sensitivity of net interest revenue to changing interest rates, consistent with our overall financial goals. Based on economic conditions, asset quality and various other considerations, management establishes tolerance ranges for interest rate sensitivity and manages within these ranges. 
 
 Net interest revenue and the fair value of financial instruments are influenced by changes in the level of interest rates. We limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates through policies established by our ALCO and approved by the Board. The ALCO meets periodically and has responsibility for formulating and recommending asset/liability management policies to the Board, formulating and implementing strategies to improve balance sheet positioning and/or earnings, and reviewing interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 One of the tools management uses to estimate and manage the sensitivity of net interest revenue to changes in interest rates is an asset/liability simulation model. Resulting estimates are based upon multiple assumptions for each scenario, including loan and deposit re-pricing characteristics and the rate of prepayments. The ALCO periodically reviews the assumptions for reasonableness based on historical data and future expectations; however, actual net interest revenue may differ from model results. The primary objective of the simulation model is to measure the potential change in net interest revenue over time using multiple interest rate scenarios. The base scenario assumes rates remain flat and is the scenario to which all others are compared, in order to measure the change in net interest revenue. Policy limits are based on immediate rate shock scenarios, as well as gradually rising and falling rate scenarios, which are all compared to the base scenario. Our assumptions include floors such that market rates and discount rates do not go below zero. Other scenarios analyzed may include delayed rate shocks, yield curve steepening or flattening, or other variations in rate movements. While the primary policy scenarios focus on a 12-month time frame, longer time horizons are also modeled. 
 
 Our policy is based on the 12-month impact on net interest revenue simulations with various interest rate shocks and ramps compared to the base scenario. In the shock scenarios, rates immediately change the full amount at the scenario onset. In the ramp scenarios, rates change by 25 basis points per month until they reach the predetermined levels. Our policy limits the projected change in net interest revenue from the base scenario to 8 for each 100 basis point change in simulations with rate shock and ramp scenarios. The following table presents our interest sensitivity position at the dates indicated. 
 
 Table 18 - Interest Sensitivity 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Interest Revenue from Base Scenario at September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change in Rates Shock Ramp Shock Ramp 200 basis point increase 2.58 1.09 (0.88) (1.70) 100 basis point increase 1.35 0.64 (0.38) (0.88) 100 basis point decrease (2.49) (1.62) (0.60) 0.14 200 basis point decrease (6.18) (2.51) (2.89) 0.10 
 The period from March 2022 through July 2023 was marked by the most rapid rate increases in decades, which, in part, has made non-bank products, such as U.S. Treasuries and money market funds, more attractive to our deposit customers. For this and other reasons such as the Federal Reserve s quantitative tightening and the aftermath of COVID stimulus, the banking industry s deposit base had been shrinking since the first half of 2022. This industry-wide outflow of deposits increased price competition for bank deposits. As such, industry deposit betas, including ours, had been increasing at a faster pace relative to the last rising rate cycle. Deposit beta is a measure of the change in a bank s average rate paid on deposits as a percentage of the change in the targeted federal funds rate. Our cumulative total deposit beta for this most recent rising rate cycle was 45 in the third quarter of 2024. Our cumulative total deposit beta in the last upward rate cycle from November 2015 to July 2019 was 22 . A higher total deposit beta is generally unfavorable in a rising rate environment and favorable if rates are falling. On September 19, 2024, the Federal Reserve lowered the targeted federal funds rate by 50 basis points with indication of more rate cuts to follow. This was the first rate cut since the Federal Reserve began raising rates in March of 2022. United responded by lowering rates on many of our deposit products by as much as 50 basis points. 
 Our interest sensitivity model includes significant key assumptions which may change over time. The scenario results presented in the table above assume parallel movements in the yield curve, which may differ from actual future curve behavior. Although our model generally assumes no change in deposit portfolio size or composition, we have included an assumption for the runoff of surge deposits since 2021. In the second quarter of 2023, in response to the rapid rate increases mentioned above, we increased the beta assumption 
 58 

in our model. As of September 30, 2024, our modeled total deposit beta, which is measured as the change in our overall deposit rate as a percentage of the change in the targeted federal funds rate, was 43 in an up scenario and 38 in a down scenario. 
 
 In order to manage interest rate sensitivity, we have entered into off-balance sheet contracts that are considered derivative financial instruments, which is the primary driver in the change in interest rate shocks and ramps at December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 presented in the table above. Derivative financial instruments can be a cost-effective and capital-effective means of modifying the repricing characteristics of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. These contracts generally consist of interest rate swaps under which we pay a fixed rate, (or variable rate, as the case may be) and receive a variable rate (or fixed rate, as the case may be). 
 
 Derivative financial instruments that are designated as accounting hedges are classified as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The change in fair value of cash flow hedges is recognized in OCI. Fair value hedges recognize in earnings both the effect of the change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument and the offsetting effect of the change in fair value of the hedged asset or liability associated with the particular risk of that asset or liability being hedged. We have other derivative financial instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges but are used for interest rate risk management purposes and as an effective economic hedge. Derivative financial instruments that are not accounted for as an accounting hedge are marked to market through earnings. 
 
 All non-customer derivative financial instruments are used only for asset/liability management and as effective economic hedges, and not for trading or speculative purposes. Management believes that the risk associated with using derivative financial instruments to mitigate interest rate risk sensitivity is minimal and should not have any material unintended effect on our financial condition or results of operations. In order to mitigate potential credit risk, from time to time we may require the counterparties to derivative contracts to pledge cash or securities as collateral to cover the net exposure. See Note 7 to the financial statements for further detail. 

Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity is defined as the ability to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves maintaining the ability to meet the daily cash flow requirements of customers, both depositors and borrowers. The primary objective is to ensure that sufficient funding is available, at a reasonable cost, to meet ongoing operational cash needs and to take advantage of revenue producing opportunities as they arise. While the desired level of liquidity will vary depending upon a variety of factors, our primary goal is to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity in all expected economic environments. To assist in determining the adequacy of our liquidity, we perform a variety of liquidity stress tests. We maintain an unencumbered liquid asset reserve to help ensure our ability to meet our obligations under normal conditions for at least a 12-month period and under severely adverse liquidity conditions for a minimum of 30 days. 
 An important part of the Bank s liquidity resides in the asset portion of the balance sheet, which provides liquidity primarily through loan interest and principal repayments and the maturities and sales of securities, as well as the ability to use these assets as collateral for borrowings on a secured basis. 
 The Bank s main source of liquidity is customer interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposit accounts. Liquidity is also available from wholesale funding sources consisting primarily of repurchase agreements, Federal funds purchased, FHLB advances, and brokered deposits. These sources of liquidity are generally short-term in nature and are used as necessary to fund asset growth and meet other short-term liquidity needs. As part of our liquidity management, we focus on maximizing the amount of securities and loans available as collateral for contingent liquidity sources and calibrating our assumptions in our liquidity stress test on an ongoing basis, particularly as it relates to deposit duration. At September 30, 2024, we had sufficient qualifying collateral to support additional borrowings, which is detailed in the table below. 
 Table 19 - Borrowing Capacity 
 As of September 30, 2024 (in thousands) 
 FHLB 
 1,882,674 Federal Reserve - Discount Window 
 2,241,141 Borrowing capacity from pledged collateral 
 4,123,815 Unpledged securities available as collateral for additional borrowings 
 3,781,568 
 In addition, because the Holding Company is a separate entity and apart from the Bank, it must provide for its own liquidity. The Holding Company is responsible for the payment of dividends declared for its common and preferred shareholders, and interest and principal on any outstanding debt or trust preferred securities. The Holding Company currently has sufficient liquid assets to meet these obligations. While the Holding Company has access to the capital markets, the ultimate sources of its liquidity are subsidiary 
 59 

service fees and dividends from the Bank, which are limited by applicable law and regulations. A South Carolina state-chartered bank is permitted to pay a dividend of up to 100 of its current year earnings without requesting approval of the South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions, provided certain conditions are met. Holding Company liquidity is managed to a minimum of 15-months of anticipated cash expenditures after considering all of its liquidity needs over this period. 
 Significant uses and sources of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows. See the consolidated statement of cash flows for further detail. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 202 million reflects net income of 177 million adjusted for non-cash transactions, partly offset by changes in other assets, other liabilities and loans held for sale. Significant non-cash transactions for the period included a 39.6 million provision for credit losses and net depreciation, amortization, and accretion of 31.5 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 310 million primarily consisted of purchases of AFS securities totaling 1.07 billion and purchases of premises and equipment of 41.5 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by proceeds from securities sales, maturities and calls of 570 million and a net decrease in loans of 317 million, mostly resulting from the manufactured housing loan sale. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 155 million mostly consisted of a net decrease in deposits of 58.3 million and dividends paid on common and preferred stock of 88.0 million. 
 In the opinion of management, our liquidity position at September 30, 2024 was sufficient to meet our expected cash flow requirements for the foreseeable future. 

Capital Resources and Dividends 
 
 Shareholders equity at September 30, 2024 was 3.41 billion, an increase of 145 million from December 31, 2023 primarily due to year-to-date earnings and other comprehensive income, partially offset by dividends declared on common and preferred stock. 
 
 The following table shows capital ratios, as calculated under applicable regulatory guidelines, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, capital levels remained characterized as well-capitalized under regulatory requirements in effect at the time. Additional information related to capital ratios is provided in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Table 20 - Capital Ratios 
 
 United Community Banks, Inc. (Consolidated) United Community Bank Minimum Well- Capitalized Minimum Capital Plus Capital Conservation Buffer September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Risk-based ratios: CET1 capital 4.5 6.5 7.0 13.07 12.16 13.06 12.22 Tier 1 capital 6.0 8.0 8.5 13.53 12.60 13.06 12.22 Total capital 8.0 10.0 10.5 15.31 14.49 14.08 13.23 Leverage ratio 4.0 5.0 N/A 9.99 9.47 9.62 9.17 

Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 A bank s asset and liability structure is substantially different from that of an industrial firm in that primarily all assets and liabilities of a bank are monetary in nature with relatively little investment in fixed assets or inventories. Inflation has an important effect on the growth of total assets and the resulting need to increase equity capital at higher than normal rates in order to maintain an appropriate equity to assets ratio. 
 
 Management believes the effect of inflation on financial results depends on our ability to react to changes in interest rates, and by such reaction, reduce the inflationary effect on performance. We have an asset/liability management program to manage interest rate sensitivity. In addition, periodic reviews of banking services and products are conducted to adjust pricing in view of current and expected costs. 
 60 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes in our market risk as of September 30, 2024 from that presented in our 2023 10-K. Our interest rate sensitivity position at September 30, 2024 is set forth in Table 18 in MD A of this Report and incorporated herein by this reference. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 61 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 , , our , entered into a with a brokerage firm, intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c), providing for the sale of shares of United common stock beginning February 7, 2025 and continuing until , or such earlier time as all shares covered by the trading arrangement are sold. 
 
 , , of United Community Bank, entered into a with a brokerage firm, intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c), providing for the sale of approximately 50,000 of United common stock during each of five designated periods of time between January 24, 2025 and . 
 
 No other director or officer of the Company , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 (d) Exhibits. See Exhibit Index below. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of United Community Banks, Inc. as amended through August 13, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to United Community Bank Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021, filed on November 5, 2021). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of United Community Banks, Inc., as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to United Community Banks, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2015). 
 31.1 
 Certification by H. Lynn Harton, President and Chief Executive Officer of United Community Banks, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 
 Certification by Jefferson L. Harralson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Community Banks, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32 
 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101 Interactive data files for United Community Bank, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited); (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited); (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited); (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (unaudited); (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited); and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) . 
 104 The cover page from United Community Bank s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (formatted in Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 

62 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. /s/ H. Lynn Harton H. Lynn Harton President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jefferson L. Harralson Jefferson L. Harralson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Alan H. Kumler Alan H. Kumler Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: November 8, 2024 

63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ucbi9302410-qexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, H. Lynn Harton, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Community Banks, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s H. Lynn Harton H. Lynn Harton President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ucbi9302410-qexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 I, Jefferson L. Harralson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of United Community Banks, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Jefferson L. Harralson Jefferson L. Harralson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ucbi9302410-qexhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of United Community Banks, Inc. United on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of United certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United. 
 s H. Lynn Harton Name H. Lynn Harton Title President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 8, 2024 s Jefferson L. Harralson Name Jefferson L. Harralson Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ucbi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ucbi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ucbi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ucbi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ucbi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

