<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1355839_0001213900-24-096808.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3819347</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116333</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>945877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>761184</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>902030</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1008963</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096808.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096808
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PALTALK, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001355839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				203191847
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38717
		FILM NUMBER:		241448403

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 JERICHO EXECUTIVE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400E
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 594-5050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 JERICHO EXECUTIVE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400E
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PeerStream, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Snap Interactive, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	eTwine Holdings, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096808.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0219125-10q_paltalk.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding at November 11, 2024 Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Excludes 641,963 shares
 of common stock that are held as treasury stock by Paltalk, Inc. 

PALTALK, INC. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 Number 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 Financial
 Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

ITEM 2. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 

ITEM 4. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 28 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 29 

ITEM 1. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 29 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 29 

ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 

ITEM 3. 
 Defaults
 Upon Senior Securities 
 31 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosures 
 31 

ITEM 5. 
 Other
 Information 
 31 

ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 

Paltalk, our logo and other trademarks or service
marks appearing in this report are the property of Paltalk, Inc. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing
in this report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names included
in this report are without the , or other applicable symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that
we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks,
service marks and trade names. 

Unless the context otherwise indicates, references
to Paltalk, we, our, us and the Company refer to Paltalk, Inc. and
its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as
 anticipate, assume, began, believe, budget, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, intend, may, 
 plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, 
 would and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. All
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such
statements, including, without limitation, the following: 

our ability to consummate the Mergers (as defined herein), including our ability to complete the Divestiture (as defined herein) that is a condition thereto, and realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the Mergers once consummated; 

our ability to effectively market and generate revenue from our applications; 

our ability to generate and maintain active users and to effectively monetize our user base; 

our ability to update our applications to respond to rapid technological changes; 

the intense competition in the industry in which our business operates and our ability to effectively compete with existing competitors and new market entrants; 

our ability to consummate favorable acquisitions and effectively integrate any companies or properties that we acquire; 

the impact of any economic recession and the overall inflationary environment on our results of operations and our business; 

the dependence of our applications on mobile platforms and operating systems that we do not control, including our heavy reliance on the platforms of Apple, Facebook and Google and their ability to discontinue, limit or restrict access to their platforms by us or our applications, change their terms and conditions or other policies or features (including restricting methods of collecting payments, sending notifications or placing advertisements), establish more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or develop applications or features that compete with our applications; 

our ability to develop, establish and maintain strong brands; 

our reliance on our executive officers and consultants; 

our ability to adapt or modify our applications for the international market and derive revenue therefrom; 

the ability of foreign governments to restrict access to our applications or impose new regulations; 

the reliance of our mobile applications on having a mobile data plan and/or Wi-Fi access to gain internet connectivity; 

the effect of security breaches, computer viruses and cybersecurity incidents; 

our reliance upon credit card processors and related merchant account approvals and the impact of chargeback liabilities that we may face from credit card processors; 

the possibility that our users or third parties may be physically or emotionally harmed following interaction with other users; 

ii 

our ability to obtain additional capital or financing when and if necessary, to execute our business plan, including through offerings of debt or equity or sale of any of our assets; 

the risk that we may face litigation resulting from the transmission of information through our applications; 

the effects of current and future government regulation, including tax laws and laws and regulations regarding the use of the internet, privacy, cybersecurity and protection of user data; 

the impact of any claim that we have infringed on intellectual property rights of others; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 

our ability to offset fees associated with the distribution platforms that host our applications; 

our reliance on internally derived data to accurately report user metrics and other measures of our performance; 

our ability to release new applications or improve upon or add features to existing applications on schedule or at all; 

our reliance on third-party investor relations firms to help create awareness of our Company and compliance by such third parties with regulatory requirements related to promotional reports; and 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and consultants. 

For a more detailed discussion of these and other
factors that may affect our business, see the discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part II of this report, Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part I of this report and the
risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2024. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge,
or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking
statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed in this report, except to the extent required by applicable securities
laws. 

iii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets 
 (unaudited) 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023, respectively 

Employee retention tax credit receivable, net 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Deferred subscription revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion 
 
 -

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023, respectively 

Treasury stock, shares repurchased as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Subscription revenue 

Advertising revenue 

Total revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Sales and marketing expense 

Product development expense 

General and administrative expense 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income, net 

Other income, net 
 -
 
 -

Loss from operations before provision for income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net loss 

Net loss per share of common stock: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock used in calculating net loss per share of common stock: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Common 
 Stock 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Repurchases of common stock 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options 

- 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

PALTALK, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Credit loss expense 

Income tax benefit 
 
 -

Deferred tax benefit 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Operating lease liability 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Employee retention tax credit receivable, net 
 -

Deferred subscription revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Payment of contingent consideration 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options 
 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Balance of cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Balance of cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the periods: 

Interest 
 -

Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

PALTALK, INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

, which is subject to customary purchase price
adjustments as set forth in the Merger Agreement, including a working capital adjustment (the Merger Closing Cash Consideration and (ii) issue Newtek shares (the Merger Closing Stock Consideration and together with the Merger Closing Cash
Consideration, the Merger Closing Consideration of a newly created series of preferred stock, the Series A Non-Voting Common
Equivalent Stock of the Company, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ). In addition to the Merger Closing Consideration,
the Merger Agreement provides that Newtek is entitled to receive an amount up to (the Merger Earn-Out Amount based on the Company s achievement certain cumulative average Adjusted EBITDA thresholds for the 2025 and 2026 fiscal years. The
Merger Earn-Out Amount may be paid, at the Company s sole discretion, in cash (the Merger Earn-Out Cash Consideration ),
in shares of Preferred Stock (the Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration or in a combination thereof. The issuance of the
Merger Closing Stock Consideration, the Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration (if any) and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock is referred to herein as the Parent Stock Issuance . 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if the issuance
of the Merger Closing Stock Consideration or the Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration would cause Newtek s total equity 
(as calculated under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and as implemented and interpreted by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System) in the Company to exceed (the Total Equity Cap ), then the number of shares of Preferred
Stock issuable as Merger Closing Stock Consideration and/or Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration, as applicable, will be adjusted so that
the Company will issue Newtek the maximum number of shares of Preferred Stock that would not cause Newtek s total equity to exceed
the Total Equity Cap, with a corresponding increase to the Merger Closing Cash Consideration and the Merger Earn-Out Cash Consideration,
as applicable. 

5 

and , respectively, associated with the Mergers. 

Impact of Macro-Economic Factors 

The Company s results of operations have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by macro-economic factors, including the timing of economic recessions and/or recovery
and the overall inflationary environment. Prolonged periods of inflation have affected, and may continue to affect, the Company s
ability to target new customers as well as keep existing customers engaged and may ultimately have a correlating effect on its users 
discretionary spending. Future adverse developments with respect to the economic environment and geopolitical tensions may create additional
market and economic uncertainty, which could affect the Company s industry. 

Employee Retention
Tax Credit 

Under the provisions
of the extension of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, the Company was eligible for a refundable employee retention
tax credit (the ERTC ), subject to certain criteria. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company applied for the
ERTC and recorded a receivable in the amount of , net of related costs, which was recognized in the Company s condensed
consolidated statement of operations as other income. As of September 30, 2024, the Company received an aggregate of , or 
net of related costs, which was recorded as a reduction of the receivable on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Basis of Presentation 

The condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this report have been prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States GAAP and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC for
interim financial information. The Company has not included certain information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements
pursuant to those rules and regulations, although it believes that the disclosure included herein is adequate to make the information
presented not misleading. The condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein should be read in conjunction with the Company s
audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024 (the Form 10-K ). 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial information contains all normal and recurring adjustments necessary to fairly present the condensed
consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity of the Company for the
interim periods presented. The Company s historical results are not necessarily indicative of future operating results, and the
results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of results for the year ending December
31, 2024, or for any other period. 

6 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act was not
applicable to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023 or the nine months ended September 30, 2024, given that repurchases
of stock during such periods, if any, were below the threshold required to be subject to taxation. 

7 

, of which was subsequently recognized as subscription revenue during the nine months
ended September 30, 2024. The ending balance of deferred subscription revenue at September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and ,
respectively. 

These gifts are given among users to enhance communication and are typically redeemed within 30 days
of purchase. Upon purchase, the virtual gifts are credited to the users account and are under the users control. Virtual
gift revenue is recognized upon the users redemption of virtual gifts at the fixed transaction price and included in subscription
revenue in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Virtual gift revenue is presented as deferred revenue in
the condensed consolidated balance sheets until virtual gifts are redeemed. Virtual gift revenue was and for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Virtual gift revenue was and for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The ending balance of deferred revenue from virtual gifts, which is included in deferred subscription
revenue at September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

8 

reporting unit. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and concluded
that no impairment existed as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

years 
 
 Trade names, trademarks, product names, URLs 
 - years 
 
 Internally developed software 
 - years 
 
 Non-compete agreements 
 years 
 
 Subscriber/customer relationships 
 - years 

Trade names, trademarks product names, URLs 

Internally developed software 

Subscriber/customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

9 

and , respectively, as compared to and for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2023, respectively. The aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five years is estimated to be for the
remainder of 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028 and in 2029. 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate of , primarily
related to changes in the Company s valuation allowance, differences in foreign tax rates from the U.S. statutory rate of , and
state and local taxes. The Company continues to conclude that its U.S. deferred tax assets are not realizable on a more-likely-than-not
basis and maintains a full valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of and income tax provision of , respectively, primarily related to
foreign, state and local taxes. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and ) ,
respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate of as the Company has concluded that its deferred tax assets
are not realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. 

10 

shares of the Company s
common stock may be issued pursuant to outstanding options awarded under the 2011 Plan; however, no additional awards may be granted under
such plan. The Paltalk, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan was adopted by the Company s stockholders
on May 16, 2016 and permits the Company to award stock options (both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options), stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other stock-based awards and cash-based
incentive awards to its employees (including an employee who is also a director or officer under certain circumstances), non-employee
directors and consultants. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards under the 2016 Plan is 
shares, of which may be issued pursuant to incentive stock options. In addition, the maximum number of shares of common stock that
may be issued under the 2016 Plan may be increased by an indeterminate number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding awards
issued under the 2011 Plan that are forfeited, expired, cancelled or settled in cash. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares
available for future issuance under the 2016 Plan. 

Stock Options 

Expected life of option (in years) 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

The expected life of the options is the period
of time over which employees and non-employees are expected to hold their options prior to exercise. The expected life of options has
been determined using the simplified method as prescribed by Staff Accounting Bulletin 110, which uses the midpoint between
the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. The volatility of the Company s common stock is calculated using the Company s
historical volatilities beginning at the grant date and going back for a period of time equal to the expected life of the award. The Company
estimates potential forfeitures of stock awards and adjusts recorded stock-based compensation expense accordingly. The Company estimates
pre-vesting forfeitures primarily based on the Company s historical experience and is adjusts to reflect actual forfeitures as the
stock-based awards vest. 

Granted during the period 

Exercised during the period 

Expired, during the period 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

11 

of total
unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

On September 30, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was and , respectively. On September 30, 2023, the aggregate
intrinsic value of stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was and , respectively. The intrinsic value of stock
options is calculated based on the exercise price of the underlying awards and the fair value of such awards as of the period-end date. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company granted stock options to members of the Board of Directors to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an
exercise price of per share. The stock options vest in four equal quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter
in 2024 and have a term of ten years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also granted options to employees to
purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. These options vest in four equal annual installments over four years, have a term
of ten years and have an exercise price of . The aggregate fair value for the options granted during the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
 stock options were exercised. These stock options had an average exercise price of per share and a weighted average share
price of per share on the date of exercise. Net proceeds to the Company in connection with the exercise of these stock options were
approximately , and the aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options exercised was . stock options were exercised during
the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Sales and marketing expense 
 -

-

Product development expense 

General and administrative expense 

Total stock compensation expense 

Treasury Shares 

The Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase
plan for up to of the Company s outstanding common stock (the Stock Repurchase Plan ), effective as of March
29, 2022, which expired on March 29, 2023, the one-year anniversary of such date. Under the Stock Repurchase Plan, shares were repurchased
from time-to-time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance
with federal securities laws, including Rule 10b5-1 programs. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased was determined
by a committee of the Board of Directors at its discretion and depended on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s
common stock, general market and economic conditions, alternative investment opportunities and other corporate considerations. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had shares of its common stock classified as treasury shares on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets. 

12 

and of shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, respectively, were not included in the
computation of diluted net income (loss) per share because their inclusion would be antidilutive. 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

Per share data: 

Basic 

Diluted 

per month. On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into a lease extension agreement with JEC,
which extends . Beginning on December 1, 2024, the monthly rent will be per month.
The new extension gives the Company an option to terminate the second year in July 2025. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no long-term
leases that were classified as financing leases and did not have additional operating or financing leases that had not yet commenced. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had operating
lease liabilities of approximately and operating lease right-of-use assets of approximately , which are included in the
accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Total rent expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was , of which was sublease income. Total rent expense for nine months ended September 30, 2023 was , of
which was sublease income. Rent expense is recorded under general and administrative expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

Weighted average assumptions: Remaining lease term Discount rate 

13 

2025 

Total 

Less: present value adjustment 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

million (the Award in a jury verdict in connection with the Lawsuit. On October 8, 2024,
an order granting a motion for final judgment was entered into in the Court in connection with Lawsuit in favor of the Company in the
amount of the Award and started the time for filing any post-trial motions or appeal. 

The exact amount of the
Award proceeds to be received by the Company (including any interest related thereto) will be determined based on a number of factors
and will reflect the deduction of significant litigation-related expenses, including legal fees. Consequently, the Company estimates that
it would receive no more than one third of the gross proceeds in connection with the Award, subject to post-trial proceedings (including
any potential appellate proceedings by Cisco). 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company may be included in legal proceedings,
claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company evaluates the need for a reserve for specific legal matters
based on the probability of an unfavorable outcome and the reasonability of an estimable loss. No reserve was deemed necessary as of September
30, 2024. 

million (the Divestiture Closing Consideration ), to be
paid by the Buyer to the Company in cash on the closing date of the Divestiture (the Divestiture Closing ). Pursuant to the
Divestiture Agreement, the Sellers will retain all patents and patent applications and any rights or causes of action related to such
patents and patent applications (including the Company s previously disclosed patent litigation against Cisco Systems, Inc.). 

14 

and less than , the amount of such Revenue multiplied by plus (ii) for any Revenue greater than or equal to , the amount of such Revenue in excess of multiplied by ; and 

from each of the twelve-month period beginning on January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026 Earn-Out Period 2 ), the twelve-month period beginning on January 1, 2027 and ending on December 31, 2027 Earn-Out Period 3 ), and the twelve-month period beginning on January 1, 2028 and ending on December 31, 2028 Earn-Out Period 4 and collectively with Earn-Out Period 1, Earn-Out Period 2 and Earn-Out Period 3, the Earn-Out Periods ), an amount equal to (i) for any Revenue greater than or equal to and less than , the amount of such Revenue multiplied by plus (ii) for any Revenue greater than or equal to , the amount of such Revenue in excess of multiplied by (the aggregate amount, if any, earned during the Earn-Out Periods, the Divestiture Earn-Out Amount ). 

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined
in the Divestiture Agreement) of the Buyer during any of the Earn-Out Periods, the Company is entitled to receive an acceleration payment
in cash, net of any Divestiture Earn-Out Amounts previously paid to the Company (the Acceleration Payment ). If any of the
Transferred Assets are sold independently from the other assets of the Buyer, the Company will be entitled to (i) of the aggregate
consideration paid to the Buyer for the Transferred Assets minus (ii) the aggregate amount of any Divestiture Earn-Out Amounts received
by the Sellers by the date of the Change of Control, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of any Acceleration Payments previously paid through
such date. If any of the Transferred Assets are sold contemporaneously with other assets of the Buyer, the Company is entitled to (x)
the aggregate consideration paid to Buyer for the Transferred Assets multiplied by the ratio of the trailing 12-month EBITDA of the Transferred
Assets sold and the EBITDA of all assets sold minus (y) the aggregate amount of any Divestiture Earn-Out Amounts received by the Sellers
by the date of the Change of Control, minus (z) the aggregate amount of any Acceleration Payments previously paid through such date. The
minimum Acceleration Payment for the sale of Paltalk, Camfrog and Vumber is , 
and , respectively, and the aggregate Acceleration Payment payable to the Company is capped at . 

As a condition to the Divestiture Closing, the
Divestiture Agreement provides that all conditions to closing the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement must have been satisfied
or waived, and the parties to the Merger Agreement stand ready, willing and able to close the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, subject only to the closing of the transactions contemplated by Divestiture Agreement. In addition, as a condition to the Divestiture
Closing, the Sellers and the Buyers must negotiate and enter into a patent license agreement that will provide the Buyer with certain
rights related to the patent used in connection with the Vumber application. The Divestiture Closing is also subject to
the satisfaction of various customary closing conditions, including, among others, (i) the absence of any governmental order enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the performance of the Divestiture Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) the absence
of a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Divestiture Agreement) on the Sellers or the Buyer. 

The Divestiture Agreement contains certain termination
rights for both the Sellers and the Buyer, including, among other things, if the Divestiture Closing has not occurred prior to March 11,
2025. In the event that the Company terminates the Divestiture Agreement due to the parties to the Merger Agreement not having satisfied
or waived all conditions to the closing of the Merger, the Company is required to pay the Buyer up to in actual out of pocket
fees incurred in connection with the Divestiture Agreement. 

The Divestiture Agreement also contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants from Sellers and the Buyer. 

Management has evaluated subsequent events or
transactions occurring through the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued and determined that, except as set
forth above, no events or transactions are required to be disclosed herein. 

15 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our
future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with: (i) the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 15, 2024 and (iii) the discussion under the caption
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Form 10-K. Aside from
certain information as of December 31, 2023, all amounts herein are unaudited. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

In addition to historical financial information,
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking
Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part II of this report
and Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a communications software innovator that
powers multimedia social applications. We operate a network of consumer applications that we believe create a unique social media enterprise
where users can meet, see, chat, broadcast, play online card games and board games and message in real time in a secure environment with
others in our network. Our consumer applications generate revenue principally from subscription fees and advertising arrangements. 

Our product portfolio includes Paltalk, Camfrog
and Tinychat, which together host a large collection of video-based communities. Our other products include ManyCam and Vumber. ManyCam
is a live streaming software and virtual camera that allows users to deliver professional live videos on streaming platforms, video conferencing
apps and distance learning tools. Vumber is a telecommunications services provider that enables users to communicate privately by having
multiple phone numbers with any area code through which calls can be forwarded to a user s existing telephone number. We have an
over 20-year history of technology innovation and hold 8 patents. 

We believe that the scale of our user base presents
a competitive advantage in the video social networking industry and provides growth opportunities to advance our existing products with
up-sell opportunities and build future brands with cross-sell offers. We also believe that our proprietary consumer app technology platform
can scalably support large communities of users in activities such as video, voice and text chat, online card games and board games and
provide robust user monetization tools. 

Our continued growth depends on attracting new
consumer application users through the introduction of new applications, features and partnerships and further penetration of our existing
markets. Our principal growth strategy is to invest in the development of proprietary software, expand our sales and marketing efforts
with respect to such software, and increase our consumer application user base through potential platform partnerships and new and existing
advertising campaigns that we run through internet and mobile advertising networks, all while balancing the capital needs of the business.
Our strategy also includes the acquisition of, or investment in, technologies, solutions or businesses that complement our business and
cross-selling them to additional synergistic businesses. 

Our strategy is to approach these opportunities
in a measured way, being mindful of our resources and evaluating factors such as potential revenue, time to market and amount of capital
needed to invest in the opportunity. 

16 

Recent Developments 

NTS Acquisition Agreement 

On August 11, 2024, we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among us, PALT Merger Sub 1, Inc., our direct and wholly owned subsidiary First Merger Sub ), PALT Merger Sub 2, LLC, our direct and wholly owned Second Merger Sub ), Newtek Technology
Solutions, Inc. NTS ), and NewtekOne, Inc., the sole stockholder of NTS Newtek ), to acquire NTS through a
two-step merger process. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the receipt of approval by our stockholders: (i) NTS will merge with
and into First Merger Sub, with NTS continuing as the surviving entity (the Interim Surviving Entity and such merger, the
 First Step Merger ), and (ii) immediately following the consummation of the First Step Merger, the Interim Surviving Entity
will merge with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity (the Second Step Merger 
and, together with the First Step Merger, the Mergers ). 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as consideration
for the Mergers, we agreed to (i) pay Newtek an amount in cash equal to 4,000,000, which is subject to customary purchase price adjustments
as set forth in the Merger Agreement, including a working capital adjustment (the Merger Closing Cash Consideration and
(ii) issue Newtek 4,000,000 shares (the Merger Closing Stock Consideration and together with the Merger Closing Cash Consideration,
the Merger Closing Consideration of a newly created series of preferred stock, the Series A Non-Voting Common Equivalent
Stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). In addition to the Merger Closing Consideration,
the Merger Agreement provides that Newtek is entitled to receive an amount up to 5,000,000 (the Merger Earn-Out Amount based on our achievement certain cumulative average Adjusted EBITDA thresholds for the 2025 and 2026 fiscal years. The Merger Earn-Out
Amount may be paid, in our sole discretion, in cash (the Merger Earn-Out Cash Consideration ), in shares of Preferred Stock
(the Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration or in a combination thereof. The issuance of the Merger Closing Stock Consideration,
the Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration (if any) and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock is referred
to herein as the Parent Stock Issuance . 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if the issuance
of the Merger Closing Stock Consideration or the Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration would cause Newtek s total equity 
(as calculated under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and as implemented and interpreted by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve )) in the Company to exceed 33.33 (the Total Equity Cap ),
then the number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable as Merger Closing Stock Consideration and/or Merger Earn-Out Stock Consideration,
as applicable, will be adjusted so that we will issue Newtek the maximum number of shares of Preferred Stock that would not cause Newtek s
total equity to exceed the Total Equity Cap, with a corresponding increase to the Merger Closing Cash Consideration and the Merger Earn-Out
Cash Consideration, as applicable. Following the consummation of the Mergers and the issuance of the Merger Closing Stock Consideration,
Newtek would beneficially own 30.2 of the Company s common or common-equivalent equity (on an as-converted and fully-diluted basis),
calculated based on the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of November 8, 2024. 

As a condition to the closing of the Mergers and
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement provides that we must effectuate the sale of our Paltalk,
Camfrog, and Tinychat applications and all assets and liabilities related to such applications. Subsequent to the parties entry
into the Merger Agreement, Newtek agreed to waive the condition requiring the sale of the Company s Tinychat application
so long as all operations of Tinychat have ceased upon the closing of the Mergers. As a result of the waiver, we plan to cease operations
of the Tinychat application prior to the closing of the Mergers. 

In addition, the closing of the Mergers is subject
to the satisfaction of various customary closing conditions, including, among others, approval of the Parent Stock Issuance and the Divestiture
by our stockholders. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both us and Newtek, on behalf of itself and NTS, including,
among other things, if the closing has not occurred prior to February 9, 2025. In the event the Merger Agreement is terminated, neither
party thereto will owe a termination fee or otherwise incur a liability to any other party under or relating to the Merger Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, promptly following
closing, the Company will cause one representative nominated by Newtek to be appointed to the Board. 

17 

Divestiture Agreement 

On November 7, 2024, we entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Divestiture Agreement with our wholly owned subsidiaries Paltalk Holdings, Inc. Paltalk
Holdings ), Paltalk Software, Inc. Paltalk Software ), Camshare, Inc. Camshare ), A.V.M. Software, Inc. AVM ), and Vumber, LLC Vumber and, collectively with the Company, Paltalk Holdings, Paltalk Software, Camshare,
and AVM, the Sellers, and each individually, a Seller ), and Meteor Mobile Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Buyer ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell to the Buyer our telecommunications services provider, Vumber ,
as well as our Paltalk and Camfrog applications and certain assets and liabilities related to such services
provider and applications (the Divestiture ). Following the Divestiture, we will no longer be engaged in the business of
providing video-based, live streaming, virtual camera and telecommunications software to consumers, as and to the extent we currently
conduct such businesses pursuant to the Vumber, Paltalk and Camfrog applications (the Business ). 

Pursuant to the Divestiture Agreement, the Buyer
agreed to (i) acquire certain assets of the Sellers relating to the Vumber, Paltalk and Camfrog 
applications, including, among other things, the Sellers intellectual property and technology, the rights of the Sellers under
certain contracts, all rights to any actions of any nature available to or being pursued by Seller to the extent related to the Business,
the Transferred Assets (as defined below) or the assumed liabilities, whether arising by way of counterclaim or otherwise, other than
any such action to the extent related to certain excluded assets or excluded liabilities, all of the Sellers rights under warranties,
indemnities and all similar rights against third parties to the extent related to any Transferred Assets, all rights to insurance proceeds
to the extent received or receivable in respect of the Business, the Transferred Assets or the assumed liabilities, all documents that
are related to the Business, and all goodwill and the going concern value of the Business, other than certain excluded assets (collectively,
the Transferred Assets and (ii) assume all of the liabilities of the Sellers arising out of or relating to the Business
or the Transferred Assets other than certain excluded liabilities, in each case upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Divestiture Agreement, for aggregate consideration of 1.35 million (the Divestiture Closing Consideration ), to be
paid by the Buyer to us in cash on the closing date of the Divestiture (the Divestiture Closing ). Pursuant to the Divestiture
Agreement, the Sellers will retain all patents and patent applications and any rights or causes of action related to such patent and patent
applications (including the Company s previously disclosed patent litigation against Cisco Systems, Inc.). 

In addition to the Divestiture Closing Consideration,
the Sellers are entitled to receive, with respect to each Earn-Out Period described below, certain payments in cash based on the cash
revenue, net of any refunds, received by the Buyer that is attributable to the Business Revenue ), as follows: 

from
 the six-month period beginning on July 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2025 Earn-Out
 Period 1 ), an amount equal to (i) for any Revenue greater than or equal to 3,500,000
 and less than 4,250,000, the amount of such Revenue multiplied by 0.30 plus (ii) for any
 Revenue greater than or equal to 4,250,000, the amount of such Revenue in excess of 4,250,000
 multiplied by 0.40; and 

from
 each of the twelve-month period beginning on January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026
 Earn-Out Period 2 ), the twelve-month period beginning on January 1, 2027 and
 ending on December 31, 2027 Earn-Out Period 3 ), and the twelve-month period
 beginning on January 1, 2028 and ending on December 31, 2028 Earn-Out Period 4 
 and collectively with Earn-Out Period 1, Earn-Out Period 2 and Earn-Out Period 3, the Earn-Out
 Periods ), an amount equal to (i) for any Revenue greater than or equal to 7,000,000
 and less than 8,500,000, the amount of such Revenue multiplied by 0.30 plus (ii) for any
 Revenue greater than or equal to 8,500,000, the amount of such Revenue in excess of 8,500,000
 multiplied by 0.40 (the aggregate amount, if any, earned during the Earn-Out Periods, the
 Divestiture Earn-Out Amount ). 

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined
in the Divestiture Agreement) of the Buyer during any of the Earn-Out Periods, we are entitled to receive an acceleration payment in cash,
net of any Divestiture Earn-Out Amounts previously paid to us (the Acceleration Payment ). If any of the Transferred Assets
are sold independently from the other assets of the Buyer, we will be entitled to (i) 50 of the aggregate consideration paid to the Buyer
for the Transferred Assets minus (ii) the aggregate amount of any Divestiture Earn-Out Amounts received by the Sellers by the date of
the Change of Control, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of any Acceleration Payments previously paid through such date. If any of the
Transferred Assets are sold contemporaneously with other assets of the Buyer, we are entitled to (x) the aggregate consideration paid
to Buyer for the Transferred Assets multiplied by the ratio of the trailing 12-month EBITDA of the Transferred Assets sold and the EBITDA
of all assets sold minus (y) the aggregate amount of any Divestiture Earn-Out Amounts received by the Sellers by the date of the Change
of Control, minus (z) the aggregate amount of any Acceleration Payments previously paid through such date. The minimum Acceleration Payment
for the sale of Paltalk, Camfrog and Vumber is 1,650,000, 450,000 and 300,000, respectively,
and the aggregate Acceleration Payment payable to us is capped at 5,000,000. 

As a condition to the Divestiture Closing, the
Divestiture Agreement provides that all conditions to closing the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement must have been satisfied
or waived, and the parties to the Merger Agreement stand ready, willing and able to close the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, subject only to the closing of the transactions contemplated by Divestiture Agreement. In addition, as a condition to the Divestiture
Closing, the Sellers and the Buyers must negotiate and enter into a patent license agreement that will provide the Buyer with certain
rights related to the patent used in connection with the Vumber application. The Divestiture Closing is also subject to
the satisfaction of various customary closing conditions, including, among others, (i) the absence of any governmental order enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the performance of the Divestiture Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) the absence
of a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Divestiture Agreement) on the Sellers or the Buyer. 

18 

The Divestiture Agreement contains certain termination
rights for both the Sellers and the Buyer, including, among other things, if the Divestiture Closing has not occurred prior to March 11,
2025. In the event that we terminate the Divestiture Agreement due to the parties to the Merger Agreement not having satisfied or waived
all conditions to the closing of the Merger, we are required to pay the Buyer up to 50,000 in actual out of pocket fees incurred in connection
with the Divestiture Agreement. 

The Divestiture Agreement also contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants from Sellers and the Buyer. 

Patent Litigation 

On July 23, 2021, Paltalk
Holdings filed a patent infringement lawsuit (the Lawsuit against WebEx Communications, Inc., Cisco WebEx LLC, and Cisco
Systems, Inc. (collectively, Cisco ), in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas (the Court ).
We allege that certain of Cisco s products have infringed U.S. Patent No. 6,683,858, and that we are entitled to damages. 

On August 29, 2024, the
jury awarded us 65.7 million (the Award in a jury verdict in connection with the Lawsuit. On October 8, 2024, an order
granting a motion for final judgment (the Final Judgment was entered into in the Court in connection with the Lawsuit.
The Final Judgment was entered in our favor in the amount of the Award and started the time for filing any post-trial motions or appeal. 

The exact amount of the
Award proceeds to be received by us will be determined based on a number of factors and will reflect the deduction of significant litigation-related
expenses, including legal fees. Consequently, we estimate that we would receive no more than one third of the gross proceeds in connection
with the Award, subject to post-trial proceedings (including any potential appellate proceedings by Cisco). We have not recorded any gain
contingency in connection with the Award. 

Impact of Macro-Economic Factors 

Our results of operations have been and may continue
to be negatively impacted by macro-economic factors, including the timing of economic recessions and/or recovery and the overall inflationary
environment. Prolonged periods of inflation have affected, and may continue to affect, our ability to target new customers as well as
keep existing customers engaged and may ultimately have a correlating effect on our users discretionary spending. Future adverse
developments with respect to the economic environment and geopolitical tensions may create additional market and economic uncertainty,
which could affect our industry. 

Operational Highlights and Business Objectives 

The following is a summary of operational highlights
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

total
revenue decreased by 23.4 to 2,121,234 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 16.2 to 6,943,589 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, compared to total revenue of 2,767,939 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 8,287,958 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of a decrease in virtual gift revenue; 

net
loss increased by 731.2 to 1,509,250 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and by 274.3 to 2,935,708 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, compared to net loss of approximately 181,576 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and net loss of
approximately 784,245 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of decreased revenues; and 

cash
flows used in operations decreased by 58.2 to 1,551,736 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 980,720 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

As a result of the entry into the Merger Agreement
and the Divestiture Agreement, our near-term business objectives include: 

consummation of the Mergers
and the Divestiture; 

integration of the business
of NTS following the closing of the Mergers; 

continuing our efforts to improve
user experience with our ManyCam software and optimize features for both consumer and enterprise applications; and 

continuing to defend our intellectual
property. 

19 

Sources of Revenue 

Our main sources of revenue are subscription revenue,
which includes virtual gift revenue, and advertising revenue generated from users of our core video chat products, Paltalk and Camfrog.
We also generate revenue from subscriptions for our ManyCam software product. 

Subscription Revenue 

Our video chat platforms generate revenue primarily
through subscription fees. Our tiers of subscriptions provide users with unlimited video windows and levels of status within the community.
Multiple subscription tiers are offered in different durations depending on the product from one-, three-, six-, twelve-, and twenty-four-month
terms, which continue to vary as we continue to test and optimize length and pricing. Longer-term plans (those with durations longer than
one month) are generally available at discounted monthly rates. Levels of membership benefits are offered in tiers, with the least membership
benefits in the lowest paid tier and the most membership benefits in the highest paid tier. Our membership tiers are Plus, 
 Extreme, VIP and Prime for Paltalk and Pro, Extreme and Gold 
for Camfrog. We also hold occasional promotions that offer discounted subscriptions and virtual gifts. Subscriptions for ManyCam are generally
offered in annual and two-year terms, with exceptions made for enterprise sales. 

We recognize revenue from monthly premium subscription
services beginning in the month in which the subscriptions are originated. Revenues from multi-month (or annual) subscriptions are recognized
on a gross and straight-line basis over the length of the subscription period. The unearned portion of subscription revenue is presented
as deferred revenue in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

We also offer virtual gifts to our users through
our Paltalk, Camfrog and TinyChat applications. Users may purchase credits that can be redeemed for a host of virtual gifts such as a
rose, a beer, or a car, among other items. Virtual gift revenue is recognized upon the users utilization of the virtual gift and
included in subscription revenue. The unearned portion of virtual gifts revenue is presented as deferred revenue in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets. 

Advertising Revenue 

We generate a portion of our revenue through advertisements
on our video platforms. Advertising revenue is dependent upon the volume of advertising impressions viewed by active users as well as
the advertising inventory we place on our products. We recognize advertising revenue as earned on a click-through, impression, registration
or subscription basis. Measurements of impressions include when a user clicks on an advertisement (CPC basis), views an advertisement
impression (CPM basis), or registers for an external website via an advertisement by clicking on or through our application (CPA basis). 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue consists primarily of compensation
(including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in data center and customer care functions,
credit card processing fees, hosting fees, and data center rent and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also includes compensation and other
employee-related costs for technical personnel, consultants and subcontracting costs relating to technology service revenue. 

20 

Sales and marketing expense 

Sales and marketing expense consist primarily
of advertising expenditures and compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel and consultants
engaged in sales and sales support functions. Advertising and promotional spend includes online marketing, including fees paid to search
engines, and offline marketing, which primarily consists of partner-related payments to those who direct traffic to our brands. 

Product development expense 

Product development expense, which relates to
the development of technology of our applications, consists primarily of compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related
and consultant-related costs that are not capitalized for personnel engaged in the design, testing and enhancement of service offerings
as well as amortization of capitalized website development costs. 

General and administrative expense 

General and administrative expense consists primarily
of compensation (including non-cash stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in executive management,
finance, legal, tax and human resources and facilities costs and fees for other professional services and cost of insurance. General and
administrative expense also includes amortization of intangible assets. 

Key Metrics 

Our management relies on certain non-GAAP and/or
unaudited performance indicators to manage and evaluate our business. The key performance indicators set forth below help us evaluate
growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing efforts and assess operational efficiencies.
We also discuss net cash provided by operating activities under the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below. Adjusted
EBITDA is discussed below. 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, (unaudited) 
 September 30, (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (779,691 
 16,058 
 (1,551,736 
 (980,720 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,509,250 
 (181,576 
 (2,935,708 
 (784,245 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (1,449,381 
 (126,453 
 (2,882,905 
 (789,692 
 
 Net loss as a percentage of total revenues 
 (71.1 
 (6.5 
 (42.3 
 (9.5 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA as percentage of total revenues 
 (68.3 
 (4.6 
 (41.5 
 (9.5 

Adjusted EBITDA 

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net loss adjusted to exclude interest (income) expense, net, other (income) expense, net, income tax (benefit)
expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and stock-based compensation expense. 

We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is a key
measure used by our management and Board of Directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to develop
short- and long-term operational plans and to allocate resources to expand our business. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses
in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of the cash operating income generated by
our business. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and others to understand and evaluate our operating results, and
it allows for a more meaningful comparison between our performance and that of competitors. 

21 

Limitations of Adjusted EBITDA 

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as
an analytical tool, and you should not consider this performance measure in isolation from or as a substitute for analysis of our results
as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are that Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect, among other things: cash capital expenditures
for assets underlying depreciation and amortization expense that may need to be replaced or for new capital expenditures; interest income,
net; other expense, net; income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations; our working capital requirements; the potentially dilutive
impact of stock-based compensation; and the provision for income taxes. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate
Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Because of these limitations, you should consider
Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net income (loss) and our other GAAP
results. The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented
in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, (unaudited) 
 September 30, (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Net loss 
 (1,509,250 
 (181,576 
 (2,935,708 
 (784,245 
 
 Interest income, net 
 (157,517 
 (169,925 
 (453,732 
 (462,433 
 
 Other income 
 - 
 - 
 (146,269 
 (343,045 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (20,767 
 (37,915 
 (88,076 
 13,590 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 205,584 
 205,583 
 616,750 
 616,750 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 32,569 
 57,380 
 124,130 
 169,691 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (1,449,381 
 (126,453 
 (2,882,905 
 (789,692 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth condensed consolidated
statements of operations data for each of the periods indicated as a percentage of total revenues: 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, (unaudited) 
 September 30, (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Total revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 
 35.8 
 29.9 
 34.4 
 29.0 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 9.6 
 7.6 
 8.4 
 8.3 
 
 Product development expense 
 57.0 
 43.1 
 52.3 
 43.5 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 77.2 
 33.5 
 57.1 
 38.2 

Total costs and expenses 
 179.6 
 114.1 
 152.2 
 119.0 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (79.6 
 (14.1 
 (52.2 
 (19.0 
 
 Interest income, net 
 7.5 
 6.1 
 6.5 
 5.6 
 
 Other income, net 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 2.2 
 4.1 
 
 Income (loss) from operations before provision for income taxes 
 (72.1 
 (8.0 
 (43.5 
 (9.3 
 
 Income tax benefit (provision) expense 
 1.0 
 1.4 
 1.3 
 (0.2 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (71.1 
 (6.6 
 (42.2 
 (9.5 

22 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended
September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Total revenue decreased by 23.4 to 2,121,234
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 2,767,939 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily
driven by a decrease in virtual gift revenue. 

The following table sets forth our subscription
revenue, advertising revenue and total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30,
2023, the decrease between those periods, the percentage decrease between those periods, and the percentage of total revenue that each
represented for those periods: 

Revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

(unaudited) 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Subscription revenue 
 2,033,324 
 2,673,333 
 (640,009 
 (23.9 
 95.9 
 96.6 
 
 Advertising revenue 
 87,910 
 94,606 
 (6,696 
 (7.1 
 4.1 
 3.4 
 
 Total revenues 
 2,121,234 
 2,767,939 
 (646,705 
 (23.4 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Subscription Revenue 

Our subscription revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 640,009, or 23.9 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in subscription
revenue was primarily driven by a decrease in virtual gift revenue by 463,000. We expect that virtual gift revenue may continue to decline
as customers limit their discretionary spending in light of the current economic environment. 

Advertising Revenue 

Our advertising revenue for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 decreased by 6,696, or 7.1 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in advertising
revenue was primarily due to a decrease in the volume of advertising impressions related to changes in the optimization of third-party
advertising partners for the Paltalk application. 

Costs and Expenses 

Total costs and expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 increased by 651,413, or 20.6 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The following table
presents our costs and expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the increase or decrease between those periods,
the percentage increase or decrease between those periods and the percentage of total revenue that each represented for those periods: 

Revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

(unaudited) 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 760,166 
 826,662 
 (66,496 
 (8.0 
 35.8 
 29.9 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 202,876 
 210,573 
 (7,697 
 (3.7 
 9.6 
 7.6 
 
 Product development expense 
 1,209,326 
 1,193,430 
 15,896 
 1.3 
 57.0 
 43.1 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 1,636,400 
 926,690 
 709,710 
 76.6 
 77.2 
 33.5 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 3,808,768 
 3,157,355 
 651,413 
 20.6 
 179.6 
 114.1 

23 

Cost of revenue 

Our cost of revenue for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 decreased by 66,496, or 8.0 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in cost of revenue
is primarily due to an increase in hosting expense of 41,776, and decreased credit card provider fees of 23,222. 

Sales and marketing expense 

Our sales and marketing expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 7,697, or 3.7 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in
sales and marketing expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in headcount expenses of approximately
 53,357, offset by an increase in marketing and advertising of 46,108. 

Product development expense 

Our product development expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 15,896, or 1.3 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase
in product development expense was primarily due to an increase in salary-related expenses of 18,035 and dues and subscriptions expenses
of 10,474, offset by a decrease in software expenses of 14,954. 

General and administrative expense 

Our general and administrative expense for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 709,710 or 76.6 , as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase
in general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase of approximately
 160,741 in professional fees and legal fees of 605,251 in connection with the Mergers and the transactions related thereto, which are
expected to close in fourth quarter of 2024 or the first quarter of 2025. We expect that our general and administrative expense will continue
to increase in future periods in connection with the Mergers and the transactions related thereto. These increases were offset slightly
by decreases in insurance expense of 33,316 and accounting fees of 17,671. 

Non-Operating Income 

The following table presents the components of
non-operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30 2023, the increase or decrease
between those periods, the percentage increase or decrease between those periods and the percentage of total revenue that each represented
for those periods: 

Revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

(unaudited) 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Interest income, net 
 157,517 
 169,925 
 (12,408 
 (7.3 
 7.4 
 6.1 
 
 Total non-operating income 
 157,517 
 169,925 
 (12,408 
 (7.3 
 7.4 
 6.1 

Non-operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024
was 157,517, a decrease of 12,408, or 7.3 , as compared to non-operating income of 169,925 for the three months ended September 30,
2023. 

24 

Income Taxes 

Our benefit (provision) for income taxes consists
of federal, foreign and state taxes, as applicable, in amounts necessary to align our year-to-date tax provision with the effective rate
that we expect to achieve for the full year. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recorded an income
tax benefit of 20,767 and 37,915, respectively, consisting primarily of federal, foreign, state and local taxes. 

As of September 30, 2024, our conclusion regarding
the realizability of our US deferred tax assets did not change and we have recorded a full valuation allowance against them. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended
September, 2023 

Revenue 

Total revenue decreased by 16.2 to 6,943,589
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 8,287,958 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily
driven by a decrease in virtual gift revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

The following table sets forth our subscription
revenue, advertising revenue and total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
the increase or decrease between those periods, the percentage increase or decrease between those periods, and the percentage of total
revenue that each represented for those periods: 

Revenue 

Nine Months Ended 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Subscription revenue 
 6,649,206 
 8,063,992 
 (1,414,786 
 (17.5 
 95.8 
 97.3 
 
 Advertising revenue 
 294,383 
 223,966 
 70,417 
 31.4 
 4.2 
 2.7 
 
 Total revenues 
 6,943,589 
 8,287,958 
 (1,344,369 
 (16.2 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Subscription Revenue 

Our subscription revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 decreased by 1,414,786 or 17.5 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in subscription
revenue was primarily driven by a decrease in virtual gifts across the Paltalk and Camfrog applications during the three months ended
September 30, 2024. 

Advertising Revenue 

Our advertising revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 increased by 70,417 or 31.4 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in advertising
revenue was primarily due to an increase in the volume of advertising impressions related to changes in the optimization of third-party
advertising partners. 

Costs and Expenses 

Total costs and expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 increased by 703,283, or 7.1 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The following table presents
our costs and expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the increase or decrease between those periods, the percentage
increase or decrease between those periods and the percentage of total revenue that each represented for those periods: 

Revenue 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

(unaudited) 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 2,389,734 
 2,403,165 
 (13,431 
 (0.6 
 34.4 
 29.0 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 585,987 
 685,953 
 (99,966 
 (14.6 
 8.4 
 8.3 
 
 Product development expense 
 3,633,247 
 3,605,652 
 27,595 
 0.8 
 52.3 
 43.5 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 3,958,406 
 3,169,321 
 789,085 
 24.9 
 57.1 
 38.2 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 10,567,374 
 9,864,091 
 703,283 
 7.1 
 152.2 
 119.0 

25 

Cost of revenue 

Our cost of revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 decreased by 13,431, or 0.6 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was due to a
decrease in credit card processing fees of 28,996, slightly offset by an increase in hosting fees of 10,572. 

Sales and marketing expense 

Our sales and marketing expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 99,966, or 14.6 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in sales
and marketing expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in headcount expenses of 167,733 and
partially offset by an increase of advertising and marketing expenses of 67,053. 

Product development expense 

Our product development expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 increased by 27,595, or 0.8 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due
to an increase in dues and subscriptions of 49,484 and salary-related expenses of 47,128, offset slightly by a decrease in consulting
fees of 75,677. 

General and administrative expense 

Our general and administrative expense for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 789,085, or 24.9 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase
in general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to an increase of approximately 160,815 in
professional and tax fees and legal fees of 892,620 in connection with the Mergers and the transactions related thereto, which are expected
to close in fourth quarter of 2024 or the first quarter of 2025. We expect that our general and administrative expense will continue to
increase in future periods in connection with the Mergers and the transactions related thereto. These expenses were offset by decreases
in the following: public company expenses of 88,170, insurance expenses of 46,747, taxes of 139,319 and non-cash stock compensation
expense 46,417. 

Non-Operating Income 

The following table presents the components of
non-operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the increase or decrease
between those periods, the percentage increase or decrease between those periods and the percentage of total revenue that each represented
for those periods: 

Revenue 

Nine Months Ended 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, (unaudited) 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 September 30, (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Interest income, net 
 453,732 
 462,433 
 (8,701 
 (1.9 
 6.5 
 5.6 
 
 Other income 
 146,269 
 343,045 
 (196,776 
 (57.4 
 2.1 
 4.1 
 
 Total non-operating income 
 600,001 
 805,478 
 (205,477 
 (25.5 
 8.6 
 9.7 

Non-operating income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 was 600,001, a decrease of 205,477 or 25.5 , as compared to non-operating income of 805,478 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in non-operating income was primarily the result of recording the ERTC in June 2023. 

26 

Income Taxes 

Our provision for income taxes consists of federal
and state taxes, as applicable, in amounts necessary to align our year-to-date tax provision with the effective rate that we expect to
achieve for the full year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an income tax benefit of 88,076 and an
income tax provision 13,590, respectively, consisting primarily of federal, foreign, state and local taxes. 

As of September 30, 2024, our conclusion regarding
the realizability of our US deferred tax assets did not change and we have recorded a full valuation allowance against them. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 
 (unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,551,736 
 (980,720 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 
 (85,000 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 39,772 
 (7,213 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,511,964 
 (1,072,933 

Currently, our primary source of liquidity is
cash on hand, and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents balance and our expected cash flows from operations will be sufficient
to meet all of our financial obligations for one year from the date these financial statements are issued. As of September 30, 2024, we
had 12,056,085 of cash and cash equivalents. 

Our primary use of working capital is related
to product development resources in order to maintain and create new services and features in applications for our clients and users.
In particular, a significant portion of our working capital has been allocated to the improvement of our products. We are also expending
our capital resources to fund strategic acquisitions, investments and partnership opportunities. For instance, on August 11, 2024, we
entered into the Merger Agreement to acquire NTS through a two-step merger process. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as consideration
for the Mergers, we agreed to (i) pay Newtek an amount in cash equal to 4,000,000, which is subject to customary purchase price adjustments
as set forth in the Merger Agreement, including a working capital adjustment and (ii) issue Newtek 4,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock
(subject to adjustments related to the Total Equity Cap). In addition to the consideration payable at closing, the Merger Agreement provides
that Newtek is entitled to receive an amount up to 5,000,000 based on our achievement certain cumulative average Adjusted EBITDA thresholds
for the 2025 and 2026 fiscal years, which may be paid, in our sole discretion, in cash, in shares of Preferred Stock or in a combination
thereof (subject to adjustments related to the Total Equity Cap). 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,551,736
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 980,720 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023. The increase in the cash used in operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributed
to increased professional expenses related to the Merger, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Investing Activities 

There was no net cash provided by or used in investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September
30, 2023 consisted of the earn-out payment made in connection with the ManyCam acquisition. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 39,772 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 7,213 of net cash used in financing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. This higher amount of cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024
is attributed to employee stock options exercised compared to the stock repurchase plan that was approved by our Board of Directors in
March 2022. The stock repurchase plan expired on March 29, 2023 pursuant to its terms and has not been renewed. 

27 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

There have been no other material changes to our
contractual obligations and commitments disclosed in the contractual obligations and commitments section of Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination
of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such differences may be
material to the financial statements. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
there were no critical accounting estimates made by management that would involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have
had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect impact on the financial statements condition or results of operations of the Company. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our chief executive
officer recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives. 

Based on the evaluation as of September 30, 2024,
our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarterly period covered by this
report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

28 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Patent Litigation 

On July 23, 2021, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, Paltalk Holdings, Inc., filed a patent infringement lawsuit against WebEx Communications, Inc., Cisco
WebEx LLC, and Cisco Systems, Inc. (collectively, Cisco ), in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas (the
 Court ). The Company alleges that certain of Cisco s products have infringed U.S. Patent No. 6,683,858, and that
the Company is entitled to damages. 

On August 29, 2024, the
jury awarded the Company 65.7 million (the Award in a jury verdict in connection with the Lawsuit. On October 8, 2024,
an order granting a motion for final judgment (the Final Judgment was entered into in the Court in connection with the
Lawsuit. The Final Judgment was entered in the Company s favor in the amount of the Award and started the time for filing any post-trial
motions or appeal. 

The exact amount of the
Award proceeds to be received by the Company will be determined based on a number of factors and will reflect the deduction of significant
litigation-related expenses, including legal fees. Consequently, the Company estimates that it would receive no more than one third of
the gross proceeds in connection with the Award, subject to post-trial proceedings (including any potential appellate proceedings by Cisco). 

The Company has not recorded
any gain contingency in connection with the Award. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Other than as set forth below, there were no material
changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-K during the three months ended September
30, 2024. For more information concerning our risk factors, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-K. 

The Mergers may not be completed, and the
Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms, which could negatively impact the Company. 

On August 11, 2024, we entered into the Merger
Agreement with Newtek to acquire NTS through a two-step merger process. The consummation of the Mergers is subject to a number of conditions,
including, among others, (i) the Paltalk Stockholder Approval, (ii) the absence of any governmental order enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
the performance of the Merger Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) the absence of a Material Adverse Effect
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) on the Company or NTS, (iv) receipt by Newtek from the Federal Reserve of regulatory approval or
a non-objection notice relating to the Mergers and the transactions related thereto, and (v) the completion of the Divestiture. 

These closing conditions may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or
at all, and, accordingly, the Mergers may not be consummated. Any delay in completing the Mergers could cause us not to realize, or to
be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Mergers are successfully consummated within our
expected timeframe. 

In addition, Newtek and the Company can mutually decide to terminate the Merger Agreement at any time, before or after
Paltalk Stockholder Approval. 

If the Mergers are not completed for any reason,
including as a result of our stockholders declining to approve the Parent Stock Issuance or the Divestiture, we would be subject to a
number of risks, including the following: 

the trading price of our common stock may be
negatively impacted (including to the extent that current market prices reflect a market assumption that the Mergers and the Divestiture will be completed); 

we may experience negative reactions from our
users and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as our employees; and 

we will have incurred substantial expenses and
will be required to pay certain costs relating to the Mergers, whether or not the Mergers are completed. 

29 

Even if the Mergers are consummated, we
may not be able to effectively integrate the businesses of NTS, or realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the Mergers. 

The success of the Mergers and the transactions
contemplated thereby will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from acquiring NTS and its business. The
anticipated benefits and estimates of future growth, synergies, and optimizations of the Mergers may not be realized fully or at all,
may take longer to realize than expected, may not be realized or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. The
failure to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the Mergers could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

In addition, the acquisition of NTS is complex,
costly and time consuming, and we have devoted, and will continue to devote, significant management attention and resources to integrating
the respective business practices and operations of NTS. Potential difficulties that we may encounter as part of the integration process
include the following: 

our
inability to successfully combine our ManyCam product with the business of NTS in a manner that permits us to achieve, on a timely basis
or at all, the enhanced revenue opportunities, cost savings, and other benefits anticipated to result from the Mergers; 

complexities associated with managing our existing
business and NTS, including difficulty addressing possible differences in operational philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex
systems, technology, networks and other assets of NTS in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers,
employees and other constituencies; 

the assumption of contractual obligations with
less favorable or more restrictive terms; and 

potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen
increased expenses or delays associated with the transactions. 

Any of these issues could adversely affect our
ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies or achieve the anticipated benefits of
the Mergers or could negatively impact our earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. 

The announcement and pendency of the Mergers
and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Divestiture, whether or not completed, may adversely affect
our business. 

The announcement and pendency of the Mergers,
including the Divestiture, may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, our business or our relationships with our users,
consultants and employees. Third parties may be unwilling to enter into material agreements with respect to our business in light of the
proposed transactions. In addition, new or existing customers, suppliers and business partners of NTS may prefer to enter into agreements
with NTS competitors who have not expressed an intention to sell their business because customers, suppliers and business partners
may perceive that such new relationships are likely to be more stable. Additionally, our employees may become concerned about the future
of our business and NTS and lose focus or seek other employment. 

Uncertainties associated with the Mergers
may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect our future business and operations. 

We are dependent on the experience and industry
knowledge of our officers and other key employees to execute our business plans. Our success after the Mergers will depend in part upon
our ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees. Current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about
their roles within our company or other concerns regarding the operations of our company following the transactions, any of which may
have an adverse effect on our ability to retain or attract key management and other key personnel. 

In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish
the anticipated benefits of the Mergers and cause the integration of NTS to be more difficult. Furthermore, we may have to incur significant
costs in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating
to the business of our company and NTS. We may not be able to retain or attract key management personnel and other key employees of NTS
to the same extent that we have previously been able to retain or attract our own employees. 

Through the Mergers, we are attempting to
enter a new line of business which is highly competitive. 

Through the Mergers, we are acquiring NTS s
operations. Entering a new line of business has many risks, including the ability to generate sufficient revenue to fund operations in
the future. While we believe we have sufficient capital to cover integration expenses, we may have to fund NTS s operations from
cash on hand until sales are sufficient to fund ongoing operations. A new business line may never generate significant revenues, bring
products and services to market or have enough sales to be profitable, as the case may be. With respect to any new line of business, we
may have competitors that are better established in the market, have greater experience with such line of business or have greater resources
than we do. We anticipate that products and services of NTS will be developed for and distributed to the market, but there can be no guaranty
that sufficient revenue to support operations will ever be generated. Furthermore, certain of our current employees may have limited experience
with dedicated server hosting, cloud hosting, data storage, managed security, backup and disaster recovery, and other related services
and may have limited experience with respect to any other line of business we may enter into as we seek to expand NTS s operations. 

30 

Sales of substantial amounts of shares of
our common stock following the Mergers, including shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, could depress our stock price. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate
significantly following completion of the Mergers, and holders of our common stock could lose some or all of the value of their investment.
Our historic stockholders may decide to reduce their investment in our Company as a result of the changes to our business in connection
with the Mergers. These sales of our common stock (or the perception that these sales may occur) could have the effect of depressing the
market price for our common stock. In addition, our financial position after completion of the Mergers may differ from our financial position
before the completion of the Mergers, and our results of operations and/or cash flows after the completion of the Mergers may be affected
by factors different from those currently affecting our results of operations and/or cash flows, all of which could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Furthermore, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations recently, which,
if such fluctuations continue to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, our common stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

Following the consummation of the Mergers and
the issuance of the Merger Closing Stock Consideration, Newtek would beneficially own 30.2 of the Company s common or common-equivalent
equity (on an as-converted and fully-diluted basis), calculated based on the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding
as of November 8, 2024. As a holder of Preferred Stock, Newtek generally will not have voting rights, except with respect to certain protective
matters, such as amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or the Certificate of
Designations designating the Preferred Stock that significantly and adversely affect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of
the Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock is convertible into common stock only upon certain qualifying transfers to third parties. The
shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock issued to Newtek (the will become freely tradable once registered
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement between us and Newtek, which will become effective at the closing of the Mergers. Once registered,
the shares of common stock underlying the Preferred Stock held by Newtek will have no restrictions, other than described below, and such
shares generally will not require further registration under the Securities Act, provided, however, that any stockholders who are deemed
to be affiliates of us will be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 

Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
Newtek will be subject to certain lockup and transfer restrictions with respect to the Preferred Stock for one year following the closing
of the Mergers. Following this lockup period, Newtek may wish to dispose of some or all of its interests in the Company, and as a result
may seek to sell its shares of Preferred Stock. Any such sale (or the perception that any such a sale may occur), coupled with the increase
in the outstanding number of shares of our common stock following the conversion of the Preferred Stock upon transfer, may affect the
market for, and the market price of, shares of common stock in an adverse manner. 

We may be the target of securities class
action and derivative lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the Mergers or the Divestiture from being
completed. 

Securities class action lawsuits and derivative
lawsuits are often brought against companies that have entered into acquisition agreements. Defending against these claims can result
in substantial costs and divert management time and resources, even if the lawsuits are without merit. An adverse judgment could result
in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally,
if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the Mergers or the Divestiture, the injunction may delay
or prevent the Mergers or the Divestiture, as applicable, from being completed, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities
during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that were not previously reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Common Stock 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
none of the Company s directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

31 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

(a) 
 Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

The following exhibits are included herein or incorporated herein by
reference: 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

2.1# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and among ManyCam ULC, Visicom Media Inc., 2434936 Alberta ULC and Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed June 10, 2022 by the Company with the SEC). 
 
 2.2# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 11, 2024, by and among Paltalk, Inc., PALT Merger Sub 1, Inc., PALT Merger Sub 2, LLC, Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. and NewtekOne, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on August 12, 2024 by the Company with the SEC). 
 
 2.3# 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 7, 2024, by and among Paltalk, Inc., Paltalk Holdings,
Inc. Paltalk Software, Inc., Camshare, Inc., Vumber, LLC, A.V.M. Software, Inc., and Meteor Mobile Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 8, 2024 by the Company with the SEC). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Paltalk, Inc. (as amended through May 11, 2023) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company filed on August 8, 2023 by the Company with the SEC). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 17, 2023 by the Company with the SEC). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate of Paltalk, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on March 23, 2023 by the Company with the SEC). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Paltalk, Inc. hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Certain confidential information has been excluded pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Such excluded information is not material and is the type that the Company treats as private or confidential. 

Filed
herewith. 

The
certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of Paltalk, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Paltalk, Inc. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and duly authorized officer) 

Paltalk, Inc. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Jenny 

Kara Jenny 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and duly authorized officer) 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021912501ex31-1_paltalk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jason Katz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Paltalk, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021912501ex31-2_paltalk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Kara Jenny, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Paltalk, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Jenny 

Kara Jenny 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021912501ex32-1_paltalk.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned
officers of Paltalk, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the
Form 10-Q. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Jenny 

Kara Jenny 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed
as part of the Form 10-Q for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 palt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 palt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 palt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 palt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 palt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

