<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1880319_0001880319-24-000105.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7992445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102935</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1495451</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2683559</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1953540</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1612941</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001880319-24-000105.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112091930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001880319-24-000105
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Perimeter Solutions, SA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001880319
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			N4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41027
		FILM NUMBER:		241444092

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12E RUE GUILLAUME KROLL, L-1882
		CITY:			LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			L-1882
		BUSINESS PHONE:		000-000-0000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12E RUE GUILLAUME KROLL, L-1882
		CITY:			LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			L-1882

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001880319-24-000105.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 prm-20240930.htm
 10-Q

prm-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 _______________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 
 352 2668 62-1 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 5, 2024 , there were or dinary shares, nominal value 1.00 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (this Quarterly Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. When used in this Quarterly Report, the words believe, may, could, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, indicate, seek, should, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about the following matters: 
 future financial performance, financial projections or estimates used, including any growth or expansion plans and opportunities; 
 our ability to expand our fire safety business; 
 our beliefs regarding certain trends and growth drivers in our fire safety business, including weather and climate trends; 
 our ongoing commitment to manufacturing high-quality products in an environmentally conscious way as well as our ongoing commitment to promoting diversity; 
 our ability to grow long-term value through, among other things, the continuing performance improvement of our existing operations, execution of a disciplined capital allocation and management of our capital structure; 
 our expectations regarding future capital expenditures; 
 cash flow projections; 
 our ability to maintain a leadership position in any market as well as our ability to remain an innovation leader by enhancing our products and services and investing in expansions through acquisitions; 
 expectations concerning sources of revenue; 
 expectations about demand for fire retardant products, equipment and services, including our ability to accurately identify key market drivers and leverage our relationships with customers and stakeholders; 
 our expectations regarding the impact of significant infrequent events such as the ongoing regional conflicts in Ukraine or the Middle East, on our business as well as our ability to mitigate inflationary pressures; 
 expectations concerning certain of our products ability to protect life and property as population settlement locations change; 
 expectations concerning the markets in which we currently operate and intend to expand to in the coming years, overall economic conditions and disruptive weather events; 
 our expect ations regarding market risk ; 
 expectations concerning repurchases of our Ordinary Shares (as defined below) under the Share Repurchase Plan (as defined below); 
 our beliefs regarding the sufficiency of our current sources of liquidity to fund our future liquidity requirements, our expectations regarding the types of future liquidity requirements and our expectations regarding the availability of future sources of liquidity; 
 our beliefs re garding assumptions and estimates used in goodwill, including our beliefs regarding the methods and approaches a market participant would use; 
 our ability to maintain an inventory position that is su bstantially balanced between our purchases and sales; 
 our expectations and beliefs regarding accounting and tax matters; 
 our plans to incorporate disclosure and reporting requirements pursuant to newly issued Accounting Standard Updates issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and their impact on our disclosures and consolidated financial statements; 
 our expectations regarding the timing and impacts of the Redomiciliation Transaction (as defined below); 
 our ability to pur sue intellectual property protection on product and equipment enhancements; and 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the expected outcome of litigation matters and the effect of such claims on business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Quarterly Report, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to those summarized below: 
 negative or uncertain worldwide economic conditions; 
 volatility, seasonality and cyclicality in the industries in which we operate; 
 our substantial dependence on sales to the U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA") Forest Service and the State of California and the risk of decreased sales to these customers; 
 changes in the regulation of the petrochemical industry, a downturn in the specialty chemicals and/or fire retardant end markets or our failure to accurately predict the frequency, duration, timing, and severity of changes in demand in such markets; 
 changes in customer relations or service levels; 
 a small number of our customers represent a significant portion of our revenue; 
 failure to continuously innovate and to provide products that gain market acceptance, which may cause us to be unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers; 
 improper conduct of, or use of our products by, employees, agents, government contractors or collaborators; 
 changes in the availability of products from our suppliers on a long-term basis; 
 production interruptions or shutdowns, which could increase our operating or capital expenditures or negatively impact the supply of our products resulting in reduced sales; 
 changes in the availability of third-party logistics suppliers for distribution, storage and transportation; 
 increases in supply and raw material costs, supply shortages, long lead times for components or supply changes; 
 adverse effects on the demand for our products or services due to the seasonal or cyclical nature of our business or severe weather events; 
 introduction of new products, which are considered preferable, which could cause demand for some of our products to be reduced or eliminated; 
 current ongoing and future litigation, including multi-district litigation and other legal proceedings; 
 heightened liability and reputational risks due to certain of our products being provided to emergency services personnel and their use to protect lives and property; 
 future products liabilities claims where indemnity and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover these claims due to the fact that some of the products that we produce may cause adverse health consequences; 
 compliance with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations; 
 environmental impacts and side effects of our products, which could have adverse consequences for our business; 
 compliance with environmental laws and regulations; 
 compliance with securities regulations and Accounting Standard Updates issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and know-how; 
 our ability to generate the funds required to service our debt and finance our operations; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange; 
 potential impairments or write-offs of certain assets; 
 the adequacy of our insurance coverage; and 
 challenges to our decisions and assumptions in assessing and complying with our tax obligations. 
 For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, please read (1) Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report (2) Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report; (3) 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and (4) other public announcements we make from time to time. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 Page Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30 , 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nin e months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 11 
 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 11 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 12 
 3. Balance Sheet Components 
 14 
 4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 15 
 5. Leases 
 16 
 6. Long-Term Debt and Redeemable Preferred Shares 
 17 
 7. Income Taxes 
 18 
 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
 19 
 9. Equity 
 19 
 10. Share-Based Compensation 
 19 
 11. Fair Value Measurements 
 21 
 12. Related Parties 
 23 
 13. Revenue Recognition 
 23 
 14. (Loss) Earnings Per Share 
 24 
 15. Segment Information 
 24 
 16. Subsequent Event 
 25 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 37 
 SIGNATURES 
 38 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (Unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Customer lists, net Technology and patents, net Tradenames, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees payable - related party Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred income taxes Founders advisory fees payable - related party Redeemable preferred shares Redeemable preferred shares - related party Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) nominal value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury shares, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
 COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense Amortization expense Founders advisory fees - related party ) ) Intangible impairment Other operating expense Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Other expense (income): Interest expense, net Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) Foreign currency (gain) loss ) Other expense (income), net ) Total other expense, net (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) ) (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

Ordinary Shares Treasury Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares issued related to founders advisory fees - related party ) Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Warrants exercised Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Ordinary Shares Treasury Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Ordinary shares issued related to founders advisory fees - related party ) Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Founders advisory fees - related party (change in fair value) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Interest and payment-in-kind on preferred shares Share-based compensation ) Non-cash lease expense Deferred income taxes ) Intangible impairment Amortization of deferred financing costs Gain on contingent earn-out ) Foreign currency loss Loss on disposal of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue Income taxes payable, net ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees - related party (cash settled) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Financing lease liabilities ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from short-term investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Principal payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash activities: Warrants exercised 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 per share (the Ordinary Shares ), are listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and trade under the symbol "PRM". The condensed consolidated financial statements herein include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of PSSA and its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned by PSSA (collectively, the Company ). 
 Business Operations 
 The Company is a global solutions provider for the fire safety and specialty products industries. Approximately of the Company's 2023 annual revenues were derived in the United States, approximately in Europe and approximately in Canada with the remaining approximately spread across various other countries. The Company s business is organized and managed in reporting segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products. 
 The Fire Safety business is a formulator and manufacturer of fire management products that help the Company s customers combat various types of fires, including wildland, structural, flammable liquids and other types of fires. The Company s Fire Safety business also offers specialized equipment and services, typically in conjunction with its fire management products to support firefighting operations. The Company s specialized equipment includes air base retardant storage, mixing, and delivery equipment; mobile retardant bases; retardant ground application units; mobile foam equipment; and equipment that it custom designs and manufactures to meet specific customer needs. Significant end markets include primarily government-related entities and are dependent on approvals, qualifications, and permits granted by the respective governments and commercial customers around the world. 
 The Specialty Products segment produces and sells Phosphorus Pentasulfide ("P 2 S 5 ") in several end markets and applications, including high quality specialty chemicals, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the high quality specialty chemicals end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5, is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called Zinc Dialkyldithiophosphates ZDDP , which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. 
 Global Economic Environment 
 In recent years, the global economy and labor markets have experienced significant inflationary pressures attributable to ongoing economic recovery and supply chain issues, in part due to the impacts of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. While the Company has limited exposure in regions with active conflicts, it continues to monitor and take actions with its customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost-reductions and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, the Company cannot provide assurance that they will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressure. In addition, interest payments for borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility are based on variable rates, and any continued increase in interest rates may reduce the Company s cash flow available for other corporate purposes. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 Accounting Policies 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s significant accounting policies are consistent with those discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements to its consolidated financial statements included in the Company s 2023 Annual Report. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Gross profit ) ) Selling, general and administrative expense ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) Operating income Net income 

13 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventories Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets: Advance to vendors Prepaid insurance Prepaid value-added taxes Short-term investments Income tax receivable Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, Plant and Equipment: Buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Vehicles Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities: Accrued bonus Accrued salaries Accrued employee benefits Accrued interest Accrued purchases Accrued income taxes Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively, substantially all of which was presented in cost of goods sold in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Foreign currency translation ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 ) ) Technology and patents ) ) ) Tradenames ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Estimated Useful Life (in years) Gross Value Impairment Foreign Currency Translation Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Definite Lived Intangible Assets: Customer lists ) ) Technology and patents ) ) ) Tradenames ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, due to a downward revision in the revenue forecast related to a contingent earn-out eligible fire retardant product acquired by the Company in May 2020 during the purchase of LaderaTech, Inc. LaderaTech ), the Company determined that the million in carrying value of the technology underlying the contingent earn-out eligible fire retardant product was no longer recoverable. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment of million. 
 Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets was million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost Reported in: Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expense Total lease cost 
 (1) Operating lease cost does not include short-term leases or variable costs, all of which are immaterial. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease terms of the Company s operating leases and finance leases were approximately years and years , respectively, and the weighted-average discount rates applied were and , respectively. 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases Financing leases Net change in operating lease right-of-use assets due to lease modifications resulting in reclassification of leases from operating to finance ) ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 SK Invictus Intermediate II S. r.l. s, a private limited liability company governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg SK Intermediate II ), Revolving Credit Facility (the Revolving Credit Facility provides for a senior secured Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on November 9, 2026. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a million swingline sub-facility and a million letter of credit sub-facility. The Revolving Credit Facility allows SK Intermediate II to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (i) million and (ii) of consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the most recent four-quarter period (minus the aggregate outstanding principal amount of certain ratio debt permitted to be incurred thereunder). All borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the absence of a default and the accuracy of representations and warranties, subject to customary exceptions. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to (i) an applicable margin, plus (ii) at SK Intermediate II s option, either (x) Secured Overnight Financing Rate for the applicable corresponding tenor Term SOFR as published by CME Group Benchmark Administration, adjusted for certain additional costs or (y) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the prime commercial lending rate published by the Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds rate plus , (c) the one-month Term SOFR rate plus and (d) a minimum floor of . The applicable margin is in the case of Term SOFR-based loans and in the case of base rate-based loans, with step downs of each based upon the achievement of certain leverage ratios. 
 Solely to the extent that on the last day of the applicable fiscal quarter, the utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility (excluding cash collateralized letters of credit and up to million of undrawn letters of credit) exceeds of the aggregate commitments, the Revolving Credit Facility requires compliance on a quarterly basis with a maximum secured net leverage ratio of :1.00. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and each of SK Intermediate II s existing and future wholly-owned material restricted subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions, and is secured by a first priority lien, subject to certain permitted liens, on substantially all of SK Intermediate II s and each of the guarantors existing and future property and assets, subject to customary exceptions. 
 Deferred financing costs incurred in connection with securing the Revolving Credit Facility were million, which are carried as a long-term asset in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and is amortized on a straight-line over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility and included in interest expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company did t have any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and was in compliance with all covenants. 
 Senior Notes 
 SK Intermediate II has million principal amount of senior secured notes due October 30, 2029 Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes bear interest at an annual rate of . Interest on the Senior Notes is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on April 30 and October 30 of each year. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million, which were capitalized and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Senior Notes and included in interest expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The unamortized portion of the deferred financing costs is included as a reduction to the carrying value of the Senior Notes which have been recorded as long-term debt, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Redeemable Preferred Shares 
 The Company issued million redeemable preferred shares of PSSA Redeemable Preferred Shares ), nominal value per share, valued at million. The Redeemable Preferred Shares are entitled to a preferred annual cumulative right to a dividend equal to of its nominal value. The preferred dividend will generally be paid in cash and in kind each year within three business days following the Company's annual general meeting. Holders of the Redeemable Preferred Shares have no voting rights (only protective rights). 
 The Company, under its articles of association (the "Articles") is mandatorily required to redeem the Redeemable Preferred Shares at any time prior to the earliest of (i) following the latest maturity date of the above-mentioned Senior Notes, (ii) after the date of issuance of the Redeemable Preferred Shares or (iii) upon the occurrence of a change of control, as defined in the Company s Articles. Due to the fact that the Redeemable Preferred Shares are mandatorily redeemable, the Redeemable Preferred Shares are classified as a liability in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, and million, million, million, and million of dividends on these Redeemable Preferred Shares for the three and nine ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, were recorded as interest expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. Preferred dividends in arrears were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Redeemable Preferred Shares have an aggregate liquidation preference of million, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and are senior to the Ordinary Shares with respect to dividends and with respect to dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the redemption price was million and million, respectively. 
 
 7.) and ) f or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively . The primary differences between the effective tax rate and the amount computed by applying the Luxembourg statutory rate of are related to losses not expected to be benefited in certain jurisdictions that have a valuation allowance, permanently non-deductible compensation, withholding taxes accrued on unremitted earnings and the impact of foreign tax rate differences. 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 million through October 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has paid million to the supplier and the remaining million will be paid through April 2027. 
 
 9. 
 million, consisting of million Ordinary Shares with a nominal value of per share and million Redeemable Preferred Shares with a nominal value of per share. Each Ordinary Share entitles the holder thereof to vote. 
 On May 23, 2024, subject to certain limits, the shareholders of the Company approved a proposal authorizing the Board to repurchase up to of the Company s Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date of the shareholders approval, being Ordinary Shares, at any time during the next . The Board had re-established the limit for Ordinary Share repurchases at million on February 21, 2024, which is within the repurchase limit approved by the Company s shareholders on May 23, 2024. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company repurchased and Ordinary Shares, respectively, under its Share Repurchase Plan. The repurchased Ordinary Shares were recorded at cost and are being held in treasury. 
 During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company issued Ordinary Shares related to warrants that were exercised in September 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were Ordinary Shares, warrants and Redeemable Preferred Shares outstanding. 
 
 10. 
 O rdinary Shares are authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan which provides for the grant of stock options (either incentive or non-qualified), stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance shares, performance share units and other share-based awards with respect to the Ordinary Shares. Shares associated with underlying awards that are expired, forfeited, or otherwise 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 performance-based non-qualified stock options ("PBNQSO") that vest based on the achievement of certain performance goals to its employees and independent directors. T he Company recognizes compensation costs for PBNQSO granted in 2024 based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. The Company estimated the grant date fair value, and the resulting share-based compensation expense, using the Hull-White model. The Company records forfeitures as they are incurred. The grant date fair value of the PBNQSO is expensed proportionately for each tranche over the applicable service period. The fair value of PBNQSO is recognized as compensation expense beginning at the time in which the performance conditions are deemed probable of achievement, over the remaining requisite service period. 
 In March 2024, based on the Company s performance for 2023, its compensation committee verified and determined the Annual Operational Performance per Diluted Share AOP for 2023 to be . As the AOP for 2023 was below the minimum vesting AOP target of , employees separated from the Company through the date of determination of the 2023 AOP relinquished options retained by them and such options were cancelled by the Company. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were PBNQSO outstanding. The exercise prices of these PBNQSO ranged from to per Ordinary Share and expire from the grant date. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Options vested and exercisable 
 Expected volatility to 
 Expected term (years) Suboptimal exercise multiple Drift rate to 
 Weighted average exercise price of options granted Weighted average fair value of options granted 
 Non-cash share-based compensation expense recognized by the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Non-cash share-based compensation expense (benefit) recognized by the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and ) million, respectively. 
 Compensation expense is recognized based upon probability assessments of PBNQSO that are expected to vest in future periods. Such probability assessments are subject to revision and, therefore, unrecognized compensation expense is subject to future changes in estimates. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 years. 
 Founder Advisory Amounts 
 On November 9, 2021, the Company assumed the advisory agreement entered into on December 12, 2019 by EverArc ("Founder Advisory Agreement") with EverArc Founders, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("EverArc Founder Entity"), pursuant to which the EverArc Founder Entity, for the services provided to the Company, including strategic and capital allocation advice, is entitled to receive both a fixed amount (the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and a variable amount (the Variable Annual Advisory Amount, each an Advisory Amount and collectively, the Advisory Amounts until the years ending December 31, 2027 and 2031, respectively. Under the Founder Advisory Agreement, at the election of the EverArc Founder Entity, at least of the Advisory Amounts will be paid in Ordinary Shares and the remainder in cash. 
 The Fixed Annual Advisory Amount will be equal to Ordinary Shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding on November 9, 2021) for each year through December 3 1, 2027 and is valued using the period end volume weighted average closing share price of Ordinary Shares for consecutive trading days. The Variable Annual Advisory Amount for each year through December 31, 2031 is based on the appreciation of the market price of Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums at the end of each reporting period and is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Because up to of the Advisory Amounts could be settled through a cash payment, are classified as a liability and the remaining are classified within equity. For Advisory Amounts classified within equity, the Company does not subsequently remeasure the fair value. For the Advisory Amounts classified as a liability, the Company remeasures the fair value at each reporting date, accordingly, the compensation expense recorded by the Company in the future will depend upon changes in the fair value of the liability-classified Advisory Amounts. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount was calculated to be million and million, respectively, based on the period end volume weighted average closing share price for consecutive trading days of Ordinary Shares of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Variable Annual Advisory Amount, determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, was million and million, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an increase in the compensation expense related to the founders advisory fees-related party due to an increase in fair value for liability-classified Advisory Amounts of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company recognized a decrease in the compensation expense related to the founders advisory fees-related party due to a decrease in fair value for liability-classified Advisory Amounts of million and million, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 The Company uses valuation approaches that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels: 
 Level 1 inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2023 
 Liabilities: Founders advisory fees payable - related party 
 The fair value of the founders advisory fees payable is based on the appreciation of the market price of Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums at the end of each reporting period and is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying Ordinary Shares, the risk-free interest rate, the expected equity volatility, and the expected term of the Founder Advisory Agreement. See Note 10, Share-Based Compensation for discussion of the fair value estimation on the founders advisory fees payable. 
 Changes in Level 3 Liabilities 
 Founders advisory fees - related party, change in fair value Fair value, end of period 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Founders Advisory Fees Payable - Related Party LaderaTech Contingent Earn-out Founders Advisory Fees Payable - Related Party LaderaTech Contingent Earn-out Fair value, beginning of period Founders advisory fees - related party, change in fair value ) ) Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, due to a downward revision in the revenue forecast of the contingent earn-out eligible fire retardant product, the Company determined that million in contingent earn-out payable to LaderaTech was no longer probable. Accordingly, the Company recorded a gain of million during the year ended December 31, 2023. For this reason, the Company no longer recognizes a contingent earn-out payable as of September 30, 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 Ordinary Shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding for each year through December 3 1, 2027 and valued using the period end volume weighted average closing share price for consecutive trading days of Ordinary Shares. The Variable Annual Advisory Amount for each year through December 31, 2031 is based on the appreciation of the market price of Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums at the end of each reporting period and is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 For 2023, the EverArc Founder Entity was entitled to receive the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount of Ordinary Shares or a value of million, based on an average price of per Ordinary Share (the 2023 Fixed Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity did not qualify to receive the Variable Annual Advisory Amount for 2023 as the average price of per Ordinary Share for 2023 was lower than the average price of per Ordinary Share established in 2021 (the 2023 Variable Amount and together with the 2023 Fixed Amount, the 2023 Advisory Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity elected to receive approximately of the 2023 Advisory Amount in Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares) and approximately of the 2023 Fixed Amount in cash million). On February 15, 2024, the Company issued Ordinary Shares and paid million in cash in satisfaction of the 2023 Advisory Amount. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company calculated the fair value of the Fixed Annual Advisory Amounts using the period end volume weighted average closing share price of Ordinary Shares for consecutive trading days of and used a Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the fair value of the Variable Annual Advisory Amount. These approaches resulted in fair values of million fo r the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and million for the Variable Annual Advisory Amount , of which may be paid in cash and recorded as a liability and the remaining would be settled in Ordinary Shares . While the entire instrument is subject to the fair value calculation described above, the amount classified and recorded as equity remains consistent while the amount classified and recorded as a liability is updated each period. 
 million and million primarily due to the increase in price of its Ordinary Shares 
 
 13. 
 
 Revenues from services Other revenues Total net sales 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 14 .) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Weighted average shares used in computing (loss) earnings per share, basic Founders advisory fees Weighted average shares used in computing (loss) earnings per share, diluted Basic (loss) earnings per share ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) ) 
 As of September 30, 2024, million Ordinary Shares issuable under the Founder Advisory Agreement towards Variable Annual Advisory Amount were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as the contingency related to the instrument had not been met. In addition, million PBNQSO, million Ordinary Shares equivalent warrants and million Ordinary Shares issuable under the Founder Advisory Agreement towards Fixed Annual Advisory Amount were excluded, as applicable, from the diluted earnings per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. As of September 30, 2023, million PBNQSOs and million Ordinary Shares issuable under the Founder Advisory Agreement were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as the contingencies related to such instruments had not been met. In addition, million Ordinary Shares equivalent warrants were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 15. 
 operating segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products. 
 The Fire Safety segment manufactures and sells fire retardant and firefighting foam products, as well as specialized equipment and services typically offered in conjunction with these retardant and foam products. 
 The Specialty Products segment produces and sells P 2 S 5 used in several end markets and applications, including high quality specialty chemicals, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the high quality specialty chemicals end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5 is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called ZDDP, which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. 
 Interest income, interest expense, other income (expense) and certain corporate operating expenses are neither allocated to the segments nor included in the measures of segment performance by the CODM. The corporate category is not considered to be a segment. The CODM is the Company's Chief Executive Officer. 
 The Company s CODM uses the segment net sales and segment Adjusted EBITDA to assess the ongoing performance of the Company s business segments and to allocate resources. The Company defines segment Adjusted EBITDA as 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Service and others Total fire safety Specialty products Total net sales Segment Adjusted EBITDA: Fire safety Specialty products Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA Less: Depreciation and amortization Interest and financing expense Founders advisory fees - related party ) ) Intangible impairment Non-recurring expenses Share-based compensation expense (benefit) ) Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) Foreign currency (gain) loss ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) 
 
 16. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (this Quarterly Report ). This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections and involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information available to our management as of the date hereof. As a result of many factors, such as those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our 2023 Annual Report, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 
 Overview 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA PSSA ), a public company limited by shares soci t anonyme was incorporated on June 21, 2021 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. PSSA is headquartered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with business operations across the globe. PSSA's ordinary shares, nominal value, 1.00 per share (the Ordinary Shares ), are listed on New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and trade under the symbol "PRM". 
 On July 31, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with a preliminary proxy statement seeking shareholder approval to convert PSSA into a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Redomiciliation Transaction ), after which, PSSA will continue as an entity under the name Perimeter Solutions, Inc. and the existing PSSA shareholders would hold shares of common stock in Perimeter Solutions, Inc. rather than in PSSA. 
 On October 25, 2024, the Company filed Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form S-4 to amend certain information on the registration statement on Form S-4 filed on July 31, 2024. The Company expects to complete the Redomiciliation Transaction by December 31, 2024, subject to shareholder approval at a special meeting of shareholders on November 20, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact on deferred taxes, resulting from and subject to the completion of the Redomiciliation Transaction. 
 We are a global solutions provider, producing high-quality firefighting products and high quality specialty chemicals. Approximately 65 of our 2023 annual revenues were derived in the United States, approximately 15 in Europe and approximately 14 in Canada with the remaining approximately 6 spread across various other countries. Our business is organized and managed in two reporting segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products. 
 The Fire Safety business is a formulator and manufacturer of fire management products that help our customers combat various types of fires, including wildland, structural, flammable liquids and other types of fires. Our Fire Safety business also offers specialized equipment and services, typically in conjunction with our fire management products to support firefighting operations. Our specialized equipment includes air base retardant storage, mixing, and delivery equipment; mobile retardant bases; retardant ground application units; mobile foam equipment; and equipment that we custom design and manufacture to meet specific customer needs. Our service network can meet the emergency resupply needs of over 150 air tanker bases in North America, as well as many other customer locations globally. The segment is built on the premise of superior technology, exceptional responsiveness to our customers needs, and a never-fail service network. Significant end markets include primarily government-related entities and are dependent on approvals, qualifications, and permits granted by the respective governments and commercial customers around the world. 
 Th e Specialty Products segment produces and sells P 2 S 5 used in several end markets and applications, including high quality specialty chemicals, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the high quality specialty chemicals end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5, is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called ZDDP, which is considered an essential component in the formulation of lubricating oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. In addition, ZDDP inhibits oxidation of lubricating oil by scavenging free radicals that initiate oil breakdown and sludge formation, resulting in better and longer engine function. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. We offer several grades of P 2 S 5 with varying degrees of phosphorus content, particle size, distribution, and reactivity to our global customers. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We operat e four busi ness units within our two reporting segments. The business unit structure is meant to promote the decentralized execution and accountability and maintain the geography and product-specific focus and granularity necessary to drive continued improvement in our key operational value drivers. Our key operational value drivers are profitable new business, pricing our products and services to the value they provide, and continued productivity improvements. Each business unit has a business unit manager, who is responsible for achieving targeted financial and operational results. 
 In 2024, the Company changed the presentation of freight expense from selling, general and administrative expense to cost of goods sold, to better match freight expense with freight income. The change has been applied retrospectively to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the prior periods presented in this Quarterly Report. The impact to the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is presented in the following table (in thousands). There was no impact on previously reported balances in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet or statement of cash flows. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 As Previously Reported As Adjusted Effect of Change As Previously Reported As Adjusted Effect of Change Cost of goods sold 69,357 72,825 3,468 144,509 153,096 8,587 Gross profit 73,301 69,833 (3,468) 118,144 109,557 (8,587) Selling, general and administrative expense 16,161 12,693 (3,468) 41,523 32,936 (8,587) Total operating expenses 46,133 42,665 (3,468) 14,777 6,190 (8,587) Operating income 27,168 27,168 103,367 103,367 Net income 19,282 19,282 80,727 80,727 
 
 Known Trends and Uncertainties 
 Growth in Fire Safety 
 We believe that our Fire Safety segment benefits from several secular growth drivers, including increasing fire severity, as measured by higher acres burned, longer fire seasons and a growing wildland urban interface resulting in a need for higher quantity of retardant use per acre and thereby necessitating an increase of the airtanker capacity. We believe that these trends are prevalent in North America, as well as globally and we expect these trends to continue and to drive growth in demand for fire retardant products. 
 We are also working to grow our fire prevention and protection business, which is primarily focused on expanding use of ground-applications for long-term fire retardant. This includes use of ground assets in response to active fires (protection), as well as proactive treatments around critical infrastructure and known high-risk areas (prevention). The protection business expands on our existing aerial support to enhance the ability of customers to effectively fight active fires. Fire prevention products can be used to prevent fire ignitions and protect property from potential fire danger by providing proactive retardant treatment in high-risk areas such as roadways and near critical infrastructure like electrical utilities and railroads. Treating these areas ahead of the fire season can potentially stop ignitions from equipment failures or sparks. 
 We have invested and intend to continue investing in the expansion of our fire safety business through acquisitions to further grow our global customer base. 
 Weather Conditions and Climate Trends 
 Our business is highly dependent on the needs of government agencies to suppress fires. As such, our financial condition and results of operations are significantly impacted by weather as well as environmental and other factors affecting climate change, which impact the number and severity of fires in any given year. Historically, sales of our products have been higher in the summer season of each fiscal year due to weather patterns which we believe are generally correlated to a higher prevalence of wildfires. This is in part offset by the disbursement of our operations in both the northern and southern hemispheres, where the summer seasons alternate. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Global Economic Environment 
 In recent years, the global economy and labor markets have experienced significant inflationary pressures attributable to ongoing economic recovery and supply chain issues, in part due to the impacts of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. While the Company has limited exposure in regions with active conflicts, it continues to monitor and take actions with its customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost-reductions and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, the Company cannot provide assurance that they will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressure. In addition, interest payments for borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility are based on variable rates, and any continued increase in interest rates may reduce the Company s cash flow available for other corporate purposes. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total Company 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Net sales 288,417 142,658 145,759 102 Cost of goods sold 107,195 72,825 34,370 47 Gross profit 181,222 69,833 111,389 160 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expense 18,520 12,693 5,827 46 Amortization expense 13,765 13,778 (13) Founders advisory fees - related party 184,176 (24,544) 208,720 (850 Intangible impairment 40,738 (40,738) (100 Total operating expenses 216,461 42,665 173,796 407 Operating (loss) income (35,239) 27,168 (62,407) (230 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 10,054 10,448 (394) (4 Gain on contingent earn-out (7,665) 7,665 (100 Foreign currency (gain) loss (1,354) 1,384 (2,738) (198 Other expense (income), net 151 (60) 211 (352 Total other expense, net 8,851 4,107 4,744 116 (Loss) income before income taxes (44,090) 23,061 (67,151) (291 Income tax expense (45,077) (3,779) (41,298) 1093 Net (loss) income (89,167) 19,282 (108,449) (562 
 
 Net Sales. Net product and services sales increased by 145.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 202 3. Net sales in the Fire Safety segment increased by 133.6 million, representing a 132.9 million increase in fire retardant sales and a 0.7 million increase in fire suppressant sales. Fire retardant sales increased 131.5 million in the Americas and 1.7 million in Europe, partially offset by a decrease of 0.3 million in Asia Pacific. Retardant strength was driven by increasingly proactive use of air attack, and by extension of fire retardant, by our customers, as they combat the growing threat of wildfires, and by continued successful implementation of the Company s strategies on profitable new business, as well as pricing our products and services to the value they provide. Fire suppressant sales increased by 0.7 million, primarily due to sales of fluorine-free foam concentrates. Net sales in the Specialty Products segment increased by 12.2 million, of which 8.0 million was an increase in Americas and 4.2 million was an increase in Europe. The growth in Specialty Products sales reflects an increase in purchases by our high-quality specialty chemicals customers. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold increased by 34.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in the Fire Safety segment of 30.2 million was primarily due to a 29.5 million increase in labor, material and freight costs as a result of the increase in revenue and a 0.7 million increase in other costs. The 4.2 million increase in the Specialty Products segment was due to a 4.5 million increase in raw material, manufacturing and freight, offset by a 0.3 million decrease in other costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 5.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 3.3 million increase in personnel related and share-based compensation expenses, a 1.0 million increase in professional fees, and a 1.5 million increase in other costs. 
 Founder Advisory Fees - related party. Founder advisory fees - related party represents the change in the fair value of the liability-classified Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and Variable Annual Advisory Amount (collectively, the Annual Advisory Amounts ). The increase in the fair value of the Annual Advisory Amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 184.2 million was primarily due to an increase in the average price per Ordinary Share from 7.75 as of June 30, 2024 to 12.85 as of September 30, 2024. The decrease in the fair value of the Annual Advisory Amount for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 24.5 million was primarily due to a reduction in the average price per Ordinary Share from 5.89 as of June 30, 2023, to 5.02 September 30, 2023. 
 Intangible Impairment. Intangible impairment decreased by 40.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was due to the prior year impairment on the carrying value of the technology underlying the contingent earn-out eligible fire retardant product acquired by the Company during the purchase of LaderaTech in May 2020. 
 Foreign Currency (Gain) Loss. Foreign currency gain of 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflects weakening of the U.S. dollar, primarily against the Euro. Foreign currency loss of 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflects strengthening U.S. dollar, primarily against the Euro. 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense increased by 41.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is due primarily to changes in earnings in jurisdictions that were not covered by a valuation allowance and the impact of non-deductible compensation and accrued withholding taxes on the annualized effective tax rate. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Net sales 474,737 262,653 212,084 81 Cost of goods sold 199,546 153,096 46,450 30 Gross profit 275,191 109,557 165,634 151 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expense 45,888 32,936 12,952 39 Amortization expense 41,291 41,312 (21) Founders advisory fees - related party 253,097 (108,806) 361,903 (333 Intangible impairment 40,738 (40,738) (100 Other operating expense 10 (10) (100 Total operating expenses 340,276 6,190 334,086 5397 Operating (loss) income (65,085) 103,367 (168,452) (163 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 31,292 30,938 354 1 Gain on contingent earn-out (7,273) 7,273 (100 Foreign currency loss 163 756 (593) (78 Other expense, net 252 29 223 769 Total other expense, net 31,707 24,450 7,257 30 (Loss) income before income taxes (96,792) 78,917 (175,709) (223 Income tax (expense) benefit (53,283) 1,810 (55,093) (3044 Net (loss) income (150,075) 80,727 (230,802) (286 
 Net Sales. Net product and services sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 212.1 million compared to the same period in 202 3. Net sales in the Fire Safety segment increased by 185.4 million, representing a 173.6 million increase in fire retardant sales and 11.8 million increase in fire suppressant sales. Fire retardant sales increased 174.4 million in the Americas, offset by decreases of 0.3 million in Asia Pacific and 0.5 million in Europe. Retardant strength was driven by increasingly proactive use of air attack, and by extension of fire retardant, by our customers, as they combat the growing threat of wildfires, and by continued successful implementation of the Company s strategies on profitable new business, as well as pricing our products and services to the value they provide. Fire suppressant sales increased by 11.8 million, primarily due to sales of fluorine-free foam concentrates . Net sales in the Specialty Products segment increased by 26.7 million, of which 21.8 million was in the Americas and 4.9 million was in Europe. The growth in Specialty Products sales reflects an increase in purchases by our high-quality specialty chemicals customers. 
 Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold increased by 46.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in the Fire Safety segment of 38.9 million was primarily due to a 37.9 million increase in labor, material and freight costs as a result of the increase in revenue and a 1.0 million increase in other costs. The 7.6 million increase in the Specialty Products segment was due to a 9.4 million increase in raw material, manufacturing and freight, offset by a 1.8 million decrease in other costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 13.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 9.5 million increase in personnel related and share-based compensation expenses and a 6.5 million increase in other costs, partially offset by 3.0 million decrease in professional fees. 
 Founder Advisory Fees - related party. Founder advisory fees - related party represents the change in the fair value of the liability-classified Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and Variable Annual Advisory Amount. The increase in the fair value of the Annual Advisory Amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 253.1 million was primarily due to a increase in the average price per Ordinary Share from 4.51 as of December 31, 2023 to 12.85 as of September 30, 2024. The decrease in the fair value of the Annual Advisory Amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 108.8 million was primarily due to a reduction in the average price per Ordinary Share from 8.86 as of December 31, 2022 to 5.02 as of September 30, 2023. 
 Intangible Impairment. Intangible impairment decreased by 40.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was due to the prior year impairment on the carrying value of the technology underlying the contingent earn-out eligible fire retardant product acquired by the Company during the purchase of LaderaTech in May 2020. 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit. Income tax expense increased by 55.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase is due primarily to changes in earnings in jurisdictions that were not covered by a valuation allowance and the impact of non-deductible compensation and accrued withholding taxes on the annualized effective tax rate. 
 Business Segments 
 We use segment net sales and segment adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Segment Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate operating performance by segment, for business planning purposes and to allocate resources. The following tables provide information for our net sales and Segment Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Fire Safety Specialty Products Fire Safety Specialty Products Net sales 251,845 36,572 118,280 24,378 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 157,479 12,897 56,038 5,431 
 Adjusted EBITDA for our Fire Safety segment increased by 101.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 . The increase was primarily due to higher net sales. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for our Specialty Products segment increased by 7.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher net sales. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Fire Safety Specialty Products Fire Safety Specialty Products Net sales 375,538 99,199 190,164 72,489 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 212,877 34,543 69,209 16,366 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA for our Fire Safety segment increased by 143.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher net sales. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for our Specialty Products segment increased by 18.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher net sales. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically funded our operations primarily through cash flows from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and the issuance of debt and equity securities. However, future operating cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the length and severity of the fire season, growth of the wildland urban interface and the availability of air tanker capacity, all of which could negatively impact revenues, earnings and cash flows, and potentially our liquidity if we do not moderate our expenditures accordingly. O ur cash requirements, cash flows, indebtedness and available credit as of September 30, 2024 is discussed below. 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents of approximately 223.1 million, net cash flows generated from operations and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 will be sufficient to meet our current capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service requirements for at least 12 months from the filing date of this Quarterly Report. As of September 30, 2024, we expect our remaining fiscal year 2024 capital expenditure budget to cover both our maintenance and growth capital expenditures. We may also utilize borrowings under other various financing 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 sources available to us, including the issuance of equity and/or debt securities through public offerings or private placements, to fund our acquisitions, the Annual Advisory Amounts and long-term liquidity needs. Our ability to complete future offerings of equity or debt securities and the timing of these offerings will depend upon various factors including prevailing market conditions and our financial condition. 
 Warrants 
 
 On September 27, 2024, the Company executed a supplement (the Supplement to the Warrant Instrument with Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc. dated as of November 8, 2021 (the Warrant Instrument permitting holders of all outstanding warrants of the Company issued to investors in connection with its initial public offering, which expired on November 11, 2024, to exercise their warrants on a cashless exercise basis. A copy of the Supplement, the notice provided to holders of warrants of the Company and the related press release can be found on our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2024. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 SK Invictus Intermediate II S. r.l. s, a private limited liability company governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg SK Intermediate II ), five-year revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100.0 million. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on November 9, 2026. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a 20.0 million swingline sub-facility and a 25.0 million letter of credit sub-facility. All borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the absence of a default and the accuracy of representations and warranties, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to (i) an applicable margin, plus (ii) at SK Intermediate II s option, either (x) Secured Overnight Financing Rate for the applicable corresponding tenor Term SOFR as published by CME Group Benchmark Administration, adjusted for certain additional costs or (y) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the prime commercial lending rate published by the Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (c) the one-month Term SOFR rate plus 1.00 and (d) a minimum floor of 1.00 . The applicable margin is 3.25 in the case of Term SOFR-based loans and 2.25 in the case of base rate-based loans, with two step downs of 0.25 each based upon the achievement of certain leverage ratios. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and was in compliance with all covenants. 
 Senior Notes 
 SK Intermediate II has 675.0 million principal amount of 5.00 senior secured notes due October 30, 2029 ("Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.00 . Interest on the Senior Notes is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on April 30 and October 30 of each year. 
 The Senior Notes are general, secured, senior obligations of SK Intermediate II; rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of SK Intermediate II (including, without limitation, the Revolving Credit Facility); and together with the Revolving Credit Facility, are effectively senior to all existing and future indebtedness of SK Intermediate II that is not secured by the collateral. 
 For additional information about our long-term debt, refer to Note 6, Long-Term Debt and Redeemable Preferred Shares, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report . 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 On May 23, 2024, subject to certain limits, the shareholders of the Company approved a proposal authorizing the Board to repurchase up to 25 of the Company s Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date of the shareholders approval, being 36,310,028 Ordinary Shares, at any time during the next five years. The Board had re-established the limit for Ordinary Share repurchases at 100.0 million on February 21, 2024, which is within the repurchase limit approved by the Company s shareholders on May 23, 2024. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We repurchase d 399 and 2,988,291 Or dinary Shares during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively . The repurchased Ordinary Shares were recorded at cost and are being held in treasury. 
 Founder Advisory Agreement 
 The advisory agreement entered into on December 12, 2019 by EverArc ("Founder Advisory Agreement") with EverArc Founders, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "EverArc Founder Entity"), which is owned and operated by William N. Thorndike, Jr., W. Nicholas Howley, Tracy Britt Cool, Vivek Raj and Haitham Khouri (the "EverArc Founders"), pursuant to which the EverArc Founder Entity, for the services provided to the Company, including strategic and capital allocation advice, is entitled to receive both a fixed amount (the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and a variable amount (the Variable Annual Advisory Amount, each an Advisory Amount and collectively, the Advisory Amounts until the years ending December 31, 2027 and 2031, respectively. Under the Founder Advisory Agreement, at the election of the EverArc Founder Entity, at least 50 of the Advisory Amounts will be paid in Ordinary Shares and the remainder in cash. 
 For 2023, the EverArc Founder Entity was entitled to receive the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount of 2,357,061 Ordinary Shares or a value of 10.6 million, based on average price of 4.51 per Ordinary Share (the 2023 Fixed Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity did not qualify to receive the Variable Annual Advisory Amount as the average price of 4.51 per Ordinary Share for 2023 was lower than the average price of 13.63 per Ordinary Share established in 2021 (the 2023 Variable Amount and together with the 2023 Fixed Amount, the 2023 Advisory Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity elected to receive approximately 74.6 of the 2023 Advisory Amount in Ordinary Shares 1,758,464 Ordinary Shares) and approximately 25.4 of the 2023 Fixed Amount in cash 2.7 million). On February 15, 2023, the Company issued 1,758,464 Ordinary Shares and paid 2.7 million in cash in satisfaction of the 2023 Advisory Amount. 
 For additional information about the Founder Advisory Agreement, refer to Note 10, Share-Based Compensation and Note 12, Related Parties, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report . 
 Cash Flows: 
 The summary of our cash flows is as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 194,375 (10,234) Investing activities (3,688) (6,630) Financing activities (14,964) (37,498) Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents 54 (627) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 175,777 (54,989) 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 194.4 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of 10.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the primary components of operating cash flows were net loss of 150.1 million, non-cash charges of 321.7 million and net operating asset reductions of 22.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the primary components of operating cash flows were net income of 80.7 million, non-cash benefits of 27.8 million and net operating asset investments of 63.1 million. The net operating asset reduction for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to inventories. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 3.7 million and 6.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased property and equipment of 9.1 million offset by proceeds from short-term investments of 5.4 million upon settlement of a Euro denominated 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 certificate of deposit. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased property and equipment of 6.6 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 14.9 million and 37.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased outstanding Ordinary Shares for 14.4 million and made 0.5 million in principal payments on finance lease obligations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased outstanding Ordinary Shares for 37.2 million and made principal payments on finance lease obligations of 0.3 million. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP . The Company s significant accounting policies and estimates are consistent with those discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements of its consolidated financial statements included in the Company s 2023 Annual Report filed on Form 10-K with the SEC on February 22, 2024 . Significant estimates made by management in connection with the preparation of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the useful lives of long-lived and intangible assets, the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, stock options, founder advisory fees and realizability of deferred tax assets. We are not presently aware of any events or circumstances that would require us to update our estimates, assumptions or revise the carrying value of our assets or liabilities. Our estimates may change, however, as new events occur and additional information is obtained. As a result, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any such differences may be material to our financial statements. For information on the impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, short-term interest rates and price fluctuations of certain material commodities in the ordinary course of our business. We have not engaged in hedging activities since inception and currently, do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Foreign currency exchange risks are attributable to sales to foreign customers and purchases from foreign suppliers not denominated in a location s functional currency, foreign plant operations, intercompany indebtedness, intercompany investments and include exposures to the Euro, Canadian dollar, Norwegian krone and Australian dollar. We have elected to use the U.S. dollar for our Luxembourg entities. Transactions that are paid in a foreign currency are remeasured into U.S. dollars and recorded in the consolidated financial statements at prevailing currency exchange rates. A reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies of other countries could result in the use of additional cash to settle operating, administrative and tax liabilities. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 For variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value of such debt, but do impact future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest rates on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility is based on adjusted SOFR plus or base rate plus an applicable margin. At September 30, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our realized margins depend on the differential of sales prices over our total supply costs. Generally, we attempt to maintain an inventory position that is substantially balanced between our purchases and sales, including our future delivery obligations. However, market, weather or other conditions beyond our control may disrupt our expected supply of product, 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 and we may be required to obtain supply at increased prices that cannot be passed through to our customers. For example, some of our material supply contracts follow market prices, which may fluctuate through the year, while our product sales prices may be fixed on a quarterly or annual basis, and therefore, fluctuations in our material supply may not be passed through to our customers and can produce an adverse effect on our margins. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 We are subject to inflationary pressures with respect to raw materials, labor and transportation. Accordingly, we continue to take actions with our customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with customers include contractual price escalation clauses and negotiated customer recoveries. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost-reductions and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, the Company cannot provide assurance that it will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressure. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, at September 30, 2024, PSSA has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including PSSA s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon this evaluation, PSSA s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 T here were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are involved in various claims, actions, and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including a number of matters related to the aqueous film forming foam litigation consolidated in the District of South Carolina multi-district litigation and other similar matters pending in other jurisdictions in the United States. Our exposure to losses, if any, is not considered material. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Company s 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Below is a summary of Ordinary Share repurchases for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 . 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Program July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 399 7.50 399 36,291,094 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 36,291,094 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 36,291,094 Total 399 399 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (c) Trading Plans 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Haitham Khouri Haitham Khouri Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Kyle Sable Kyle Sable Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Haitham Khouri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Haitham Khouri Haitham Khouri Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kyle Sable, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Kyle Sable Kyle Sable Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32109302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Haitham Khouri, Chief Executive Officer of Perimeter Solutions, SA (the Registrant ), and Kyle Sable, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof 
 1. the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Quarterly Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Haitham Khouri Haitham Khouri Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Kyle Sable Kyle Sable Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 prm-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 prm-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 prm-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 prm-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 prm-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

