<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1398733_0001628280-24-045030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14439410</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>266163</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7437734</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2503110</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2213718</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1888702</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045030.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104164252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001398733
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				208623253
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38599
		FILM NUMBER:		241424294

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		CITY:			WARREN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07059
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-941-1900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		CITY:			WARREN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07059

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MonoSol Rx, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045030.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 aqst-20240930.htm
 10-Q

aqst-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 , , 
 (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 (Address, Zip Code and Telephone Number of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value of 0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), as of the close of business on November 1, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 51 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 51 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 51 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 51 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 51 
 SIGNATURES 
 52 

2 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS, ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
 
 The following terms, abbreviations and acronyms are used to identify frequently used terms and phrases that may be used in this report (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 
 TERM 
 DEFINITION 
 12.5 Notes 12.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 
 13.5 Notes 
 13.5 Senior Secured Notes ACAAI 
 American College of Allergy Asthma and Immunology 
 ABL facility 
 Asset-based borrowing facility 
 ADHD 
 Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder 
 Adrenaverse 
 Epinephrine prodrug platform currently comprised of Anaphylm and AQST-108 
 ALS 
 Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 
 ANVISA Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency API 
 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Aquestive 
 Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 AQST 
 NASDAQ ticker symbol for Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. ASC 
 Accounting Standards Codification Assertio Assertio Holdings, Inc. Assertio Agreement License Agreement between Aquestive and Otter Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a subsidiary of Assertio Holdings, Inc. ASU 
 Accounting Standards Updates ATM facility 
 At-The-Market facility for the purchase of AQST Common Stock, then in effect 
 Base Indenture Indenture for the 12.5 Notes CMC 
 Chemistry, Manufacturing, Controls 
 CNS 
 Central Nervous System 
 Common Stock Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 Warrants issued with private placement of up to 100,000 aggregate principal of 12.5 Notes originally due 2025 
 Company 
 Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 CRO 
 Contract research organization 
 EMA 
 European Medicines Agency ESPP 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 EU 
 European Union Exchange Act 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Existing Warrants Common Stock Purchase Warrants with the holder of the remaining 5,000,000 warrants 
 FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board FDA 
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration First Amendment First amendment to the Sunovion License Agreement 
 Fortovia Fortovia Therapeutics Inc. (previously Midatech Pharma PLC) 
 GAAP 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Haisco Haisco Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. 
 Haisco Agreement License, Development and Supply Agreement with Haisco, a Chinese limited company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
 Hypera 
 Hypera Pharma Indenture Agreement 
 Agreement governing the 13.5 Senior Secured Notes 
 Indivior 
 Indivior Inc. (formerly, Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals Inc) 
 Indivior Amendment 11 
 Amendment No. 11 to the Indivior License Agreement 
 Indivior License Agreement Commercial Exploitation Agreement with Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (with subsequent amendments collectively) 
 Lincoln Park 
 Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

Table of Contents 

 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 
 Marathon Marathon Asset Management Monetization Agreement Purchase and Sale Agreement between Aquestive and Sunovion 
 MSSP 
 Managed Security Services Provider MTPA or Mitsubishi 
 Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma America, Inc. (formerly, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Holdings America, Inc.) 
 N/M 
 Not Meaningful, used in percentage changes 
 NASDAQ The NASDAQ Stock Market 
 NDA 
 New Drug Application 
 New Warrants 
 Warrants to purchase 2,750,000 shares of Common Stock 
 Offering 
 45,000 aggregate principal amount of 13.5 Notes due November 1, 2028. 
 PD 
 Pharmacodynamics 
 Pharmanovia Atnahs Pharma UK Limited, a company registered in England and Wales 
 Pharmanovia Agreement License and Supply Agreement with Atnahs Pharma UK Limited, 
 Pharmanovia Amendment 
 Amended License and Supply Agreement with Atnahs Pharma UK Limited as of March 27, 2023 PK 
 Pharmacokinetic 
 PTO 
 United States Patent and Trademark Office PDUFA 
 Prescription Drug User Fee Act 
 Pre-IND 
 Pre-Investigational New Drug 
 Royalty Obligations 
 Liability related to the Royalty Rights Agreements 
 Royalty Rights Agreements Royalty Rights Agreements, component of 13.5 Senior Secured Notes 
 RSU 
 Restricted Stock Unit 
 SEC 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Securities Purchase Agreements Securities Purchase Agreements with certain purchasers entered into on June 6, 2022 
 Separation Agreement Separation Agreement, including a Consulting Agreement with Keith J. Kendall 
 Sunovion Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc Sunovion License Agreement KYNMOBI Commercialization Agreement 
 Territory 
 Certain countries of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway and the Middle East and North Africa under the Pharmanovia Agreement 
 TEVA 
 Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. TGA 
 Australian Government Department of Health s Therapeutics Goods Administration 
 Underwritten Public Offering 
 Capital raise of gross proceeds of 77,519, including partial exercise of the underwriters' option for 2,519 
 Zambon 
 Zambon S.p.A. Zevra Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly KemPharm, Inc.) 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Condensed Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Liability related to the sale of future revenue, current Loans payable, current Total current liabilities Notes payable, net Royalty obligations, net Liability related to the sale of future revenue, net Lease liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies (Note 19) 
 par value. Authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Costs and expenses: Manufacture and supply Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income/(expenses): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense related to royalty obligations 
 ) ) Interest expense related to the sale of future revenue 
 ) ) ) ) Interest income and other income, net 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Net (loss) income before income taxes 
 ) ) ) Income taxes (benefit) expense 
 ) Net (loss) income 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) ) (Loss) earnings per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic (in dollars per share) ) ) ) Diluted (in dollars per share) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic (in shares) Diluted (in shares) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 
 Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Common Stock issued under public equity offering-ATM 
 Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering-ATM 
 ) ) Common Stock issued under public equity offering Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vested restricted stock units, net 
 ) ) Options exercised, net 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering-ATM 
 ) ) Common Stock issued under public equity offering Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation expense Vested restricted stock units, net 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vested restricted stock units, net ) ) ) Options exercised, net 
 Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 
 Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Common Stock issued under public equity offering Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vested restricted stock units, net 
 ) ) Other 
 ) ) Net income 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Common Stock issued upon warrant exercises Common Stock issued under public equity offering Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation expense Vested restricted stock units, net 
 ) ) Other Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Common Stock issued upon warrant exercises Common Stock issued under public equity offering Costs of common stock issued under public equity offering ) ) Share-based compensation expense Options Exercised Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net (loss) income 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used for operating activities: 
 Depreciation, amortization, and impairment Gain on contract termination 
 ) Share-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts Other, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables, net ) ) Inventories 
 ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash used for operating activities 
 ) ) Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from common stock issued under public equity offering, net - ATM 
 Proceeds from common stock issued under public equity offering, net 
 Proceeds from issuance and exercise of warrants Proceeds from shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options, net 
 Repayment of debt principal including lease liabilities ) ) Premium paid to retire debt ) Payments for taxes on share-based compensation ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash payments for income taxes 
 Cash payments for interest 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share and per share information) 

Note 1. 
 licensed commercialized products which are marketed by its licensees in the U.S. and around the world. The Company is the exclusive manufacturer of these licensed products. The Company also collaborates with pharmaceutical companies to bring new molecules to market using proprietary, best-in-class technologies, like PharmFilm , and has proven drug development and commercialization capabilities. The Company s production facilities are located in Portage, Indiana, and its corporate headquarters and primary research laboratory facilities are based in Warren, New Jersey. 
 (B) Equity Transactions 
 Equity Offering of Common Stock 
 The Company established its first ATM facility in September 2019, and since inception to September 30, 2024, the Company has sold shares of Common Stock which has generated net cash proceeds of approximately , net of commissions and other transactions costs of . On April 3, 2024, the Company filed a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to register the offer and sale of up to worth of shares of Common Stock ("Registration Statement No. 333-278498" or the "2024 Registration Statement"), that was declared effective by the SEC on April 23, 2024. Included as part of the 2024 Registration Statement was a ATM facility pursuant to the Amended Equity Distribution Agreement with Piper Sandler Co. (successor to Piper Jaffray Co.). 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were shares of Common Stock sold under the ATM facility. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold shares of Common Stock under the ATM facility which provided net proceeds of approximately after deducting commissions and other transaction costs of . For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold shares under the ATM facility which provided net proceeds of approximately after deducting commissions and other transaction costs of . 
 On April 12, 2022, the Company entered into the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park up to worth of shares of Common Stock from time to time over the -month term of the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement contains an ownership limitation such that the Company will not issue, and Lincoln Park will not purchase, shares of Common Stock if it would result in Lincoln Park s beneficial ownership exceeding of the Company s then outstanding Common Stock. Lincoln Park has covenanted under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement not to cause or engage in any manner whatsoever, any direct or indirect short selling or hedging of the Company s Common Stock. In 2022, the Company sold shares, in addition to commitment shares, which provided proceeds of approximately in connection with the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement . The Company did sell shares in connection with the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement in 2023 or for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has no current intent to use the Lincoln Park facility. 
 On March 22, 2024, the Company completed the Underwritten Public Offering of shares of its common stock at the public offering price of per share. In addition, pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters' option, on April 22, 2024, the Company sold an additional shares of Common Stock. Net proceeds from the Underwritten Public Offering, including the exercise of underwriters' option were , after deducting underwriting discounts of . In addition to the underwriting discounts related to this offering, the Company incurred professional fees and other costs totaling as of September 30, 2024. 
 (C) Basis of Presentation 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 of cash and cash equivalents. 
 The Company has experienced a history of net losses. The Company s accumulated deficits totaled as of September 30, 2024. The net losses and accumulated deficits were partially offset by gross margins from sales of commercialized licensed and proprietary products, license fees, milestone and royalty payments from commercial licensees and co-development parties. The Company s funding requirements have been met by its cash and cash equivalents, as well as its equity and debt offerings, including the Senior Secured Notes as further discussed in Note 13, Long-Term Debt , the ATM facility and other equity offerings, including the Underwritten Public Offering as discussed in Note 1, Part B Equity Transactions. 

Note 4. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 . Although each contractual arrangement is unique, common milestones included in these arrangements include those for the performance of efficacy and other tests, reports of findings, formulation of initial prototypes, production of stability clinical and/or scale-up batches, and stability testing of those batches. Additional milestones may be established and linked to clinical results of the product submission and/or approval of the product by the FDA and the commercial launch of the product. 
 Proprietary product revenue, net - this net revenue is recognized when product is shipped and title passes to the customer, typically at time of delivery. At the time of sale, estimates for various revenue allowances are recorded based on historical trends and judgmental estimates. For sales of Libervant for patients between two to five years of age, returns allowances and prompt pay discounts are estimated based on contract terms and historical return rates, if available, and these estimates are recorded as a reduction of receivables. Similarly determined estimates are recorded relating to wholesaler service fees, co-pay support redemptions, and other rebates, and these estimates are reflected as a component of accrued liabilities. Once all related variable considerations are resolved and uncertainties as to collectable amounts are eliminated, estimates are adjusted to actual allowance amounts. Provisions for these estimated amounts are reviewed and adjusted on no less than a quarterly basis. 
 Contract Assets - in certain situations, customer contractual payment terms provide for invoicing in arrears. Accordingly, some, or all performance obligations may be completely satisfied before the customer may be invoiced under such agreements. In these situations, billing occurs after revenue recognition, which results in a contract asset supported by the estimated value of the completed portion of the performance obligation. These contract assets are reflected as a component of other receivables within Trade and other receivables within the Condensed Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, such contract assets were and , respectively, consisting primarily of products and services provided under specific contracts to customers for which earnings processes have been met prior to shipment of goods or full delivery of completed services, as well as estimated receivables from contracts with third parties. 
 Contract Liabilities - in certain situations, customer contractual payment terms are structured to permit invoicing in advance of delivery of a good or service. In such instances, the customer s cash payment may be received before satisfaction of some, or any, performance obligations that are specified. In these situations, billing occurs in advance of revenue recognition, which results in contract liabilities. These contract liabilities are reflected as deferred revenue within the Condensed Balance Sheets. As remaining performance obligations are satisfied, an appropriate portion of the deferred revenue balance is credited to earnings. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such contract liabilities were and , respectively. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. 
 License and royalty revenue Co-development and research fees Proprietary product revenue, net Total revenues 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Ex-United States Total revenues 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, and co-development and research fees), and a customer whose license and royalty revenue was previously recorded as deferred revenue and now recognized due to the termination of a contract. Ex-United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue and co-development and research fees), and Hypera (manufacture and supply revenue) for revenue markets outside of the United States. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, and co-development and research fees), MTPA (license and royalty revenue that was previously recorded as deferred revenue and now recognized due to the termination of the contract), Assertio (manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue and co-development and research fees), and a customer whose license and royalty revenue was previously recorded as deferred revenue and now recognized due to the termination of a contract. Ex-United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue and co-development and research fees), Haisco (license and royalty revenue that was previously recorded as deferred revenue and now recognized due to the termination of the contract), and Hypera (manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue) for revenue markets outside of the United States. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, and co-development and research fees), and Assertio (manufacture and supply revenue and license and royalty revenue). Ex-United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue and co-developm ent and research fees). 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, and co-development and research fees), Assertio (manufacture and supply revenue, and license and royalty revenue), and Zevra (license and royalty revenue). Ex-United States revenues were derived primarily from Indivior (manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue and co-development and research fees) and Hypera (manufacture and supply revenue and license and royalty revenue) for revenue markets outside of the United States. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Contract and other receivables Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 ) Less: sales-related allowances ) Trade and other receivables, net 
 Allowance expense (reduction) 
 ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts at end of the period 
 
 Provision Payments / credits ) ) Reclassifications ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Accruals for returns allowances and prompt pay discounts are reflected as a direct reduction of trade receivables and accruals for wholesaler service fees, co-pay support redemptions and other rebates as current liabilities. The accrued balances relative to these provisions included in Trade and other receivables, net and accrued expenses were and , respectively, as of September 30, 2024, and and , respectively, as of December 31, 2023. See Note 12, Accrued Expenses . 
 Concentration of Major Customers 
 Customers are considered major customers when net revenue exceeds 10 of total revenue for the period or outstanding receivable balances exceed 10 of total receivables. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Indivior and Haisco, represented approximately and , and of total revenue, including the one-time recognition of deferred revenue for Haisco, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, Indivior exceeded the 10 threshold for outstanding receivable balances and represented approximately of total trade and other receivables. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Indivior represented approximately of total revenue. As of December 31, 2023, Indivior and Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. represented and of total trade and other receivables, respectively. 
 
 Note 5. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 from the commencement date. Thereafter, the Indivior License Agreement automatically renewed for successive periods. 
 Effective as of March 2, 2023, the Company and Indivior entered into the Indivior Agreement to the Indivior License Amendment. The Indivior Amendment was entered into for the primary purpose of amending the Agreement as follows: (i) extending the term of the Agreement until August 16, 2026 and thereafter providing for automatic renewal terms of successive periods unless Indivior delivers notice to the Company, at least twelve months prior to the expiration of the then current term, of Indivior s intent not to renew, subject to the earlier termination rights of the parties under the Agreement, and providing that the Agreement will not automatically renew for any renewal term beginning after the expiration of the last to expire of the product patents covered under the Indivior License Agreement; and (ii) agreeing to transfer pricing and payment terms for supplied product under the Indivior License Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in consideration of the agreements between the parties, the Company received a payment of from Indivior, of which amount represented: (a) payment of the portion of a 2022 price increase that had not been previously paid and (b) an estimated payment in 2023 for certain price increases. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized , of which was related to the 2022 price increases, in Manufacture and supply revenue and in Interest income and other income, net on the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. As of December 31, 2023, the price increase had been fully recognized in Manufacture and supply revenue; there were no retroactive price adjustments included in Manufacture and supply revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Supplemental Agreement with Indivior 
 On September 24, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with Indivior, or the Indivior Supplemental Agreement. Pursuant to the Indivior Supplemental Agreement, the Company conveyed to Indivior all existing and future rights in the settlement of various ongoing patent enforcement legal actions and disputes related to the Suboxone product. The Company also conveyed to Indivior the right to sublicense manufacturing and marketing capabilities to enable an Indivior licensed generic buprenorphine product to be produced and sold by parties unrelated to Indivior or Aquestive. Under the Indivior Supplemental Agreement, the Company was entitled to receive certain payments from Indivior commencing on the date of the Indivior Supplemental Agreement through January 1, 2023. Once paid, all payments made under the Indivior Supplemental Agreement are non-refundable. Through February 20, 2019, the at-risk launch date of the competing generic products of Dr. Reddy s Labs and Alvogen, the Company received an aggregate of from Indivior under the Indivior Supplemental Agreement. Further payments under the Indivior Supplemental Agreement were suspended until adjudication of related patent infringement litigation is finalized. No further payments are due to the Company under the Indivior Supplemental Agreement. See Note 19, Contingencies for details. 
 All payments made by Indivior to the Company pursuant to the Indivior Supplemental Agreement were in addition to, and not in place of, any amounts owed by Indivior to the Company pursuant to the Indivior License Agreement. 
 License Agreement with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 On April 1, 2016, the Company entered into a license agreement with Cynapsus Therapeutics Inc. (which was later succeeded to in interest by Sunovion), referred to as the Sunovion License Agreement, pursuant to which Sunovion obtained an exclusive, worldwide license (with the right to sub-license) to certain intellectual property, including existing and future patents and patent applications, covering all oral films containing apomorphine for the treatment of off episodes in Parkinson s disease patients. Sunovion used this intellectual property to develop its apomorphine product KYNMOBI , which was approved by the FDA on May 21, 2020. This approval triggered Sunovion s obligation to remit a payment of , due on the earlier of: (a) the first day of product availability at a pharmacy in the United States; or (b) within six months of FDA approval of the product. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 to date. In addition to the upfront payment of , the Company has also earned an aggregate of in connection with specified regulatory and development milestones in the United States and Europe (the Initial Milestone Payments ), all of which have been received to date. With the Monetization Agreement (defined below) entered into on November 3, 2020 relating to KYNMOBI as described in the paragraph below, the Company is no longer entitled to receive any payments under the Sunovion License Agreement. 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement with an affiliate of Marathon 
 On November 3, 2020, the Company entered into the Monetization Agreement with Marathon. Under the terms of the Monetization Agreement, the Company sold to Marathon all of its contractual rights to receive royalties and milestone payments due under the Sunovion License Agreement related to Sunovion s apomorphine product, KYNMOBI. In exchange for the sale of these rights, the Company received an upfront payment from Marathon of and an additional payment of through the achievement of the first milestone. The Company has received an aggregate amount of through September 30, 2024 under the Monetization Agreement. 
 Under the Monetization Agreement, additional contingent payments of up to may be due to the Company upon the achievement of worldwide royalty and other commercial targets within a specified timeframe, which could result in total potential proceeds of . In June 2023, Sunovion announced that it had voluntarily withdrawn KYNMOBI from the U.S. and Canadian markets; therefore, the Company likely will not receive any of the additional contingent payments under the Monetization agreement. See Note 15, Sale of Future Revenue for further details on the accounting for the Monetization Agreement. 
 Agreement to Terminate CLA with Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly KemPharm) 
 In March 2012, the Company entered into an agreement with Zevra to terminate a Collaboration and License Agreement entered into by the Company and Zevra in April 2011. Under this termination arrangement, the Company has the right to participate in any and all value that Zevra may derive from the commercialization or any other monetization of Zevra s KP-415 and KP-484 compounds or their derivatives. Among these monetization transactions are those related to any business combinations involving Zevra and collaborations, royalty arrangements, or other transactions from which Zevra may realize value from these compounds, including the product Azstarys . 
 Licensing and Supply Agreement with Haisco for Exservan (Riluzole Oral Film) for ALS Treatment in China 
 The Company entered into the Haisco Agreement with Haisco, a Chinese limited company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, effective as of March 3, 2022, pursuant to which Aquestive granted Haisco an exclusive license to develop and commercialize Exservan (riluzole oral film) for the treatment of ALS in China. Under the terms of the Haisco Agreement, Aquestive was the exclusive sole manufacturer and supplier for Exservan in China. Under the Haisco Agreement, as amended, the Company received a upfront cash payment in September 2022 and was entitled to receive regulatory milestone payments and double-digit royalties on net sales of Exservan in China and earn manufacturing revenue upon the sale of Exservan in China. In June 2024, the Haisco Agreement was terminated, and the Company will not receive any contingent 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 that had been capitalized were expensed immediately in Selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The Company recognized deferred revenue of for the upfront payment received in September 2022 on the Company's condensed financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company announced that Keith J. Kendall, former President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, was leaving the Company and the Company s Board of Directors, effective May 17, 2022. In connection with his departure, Mr. Kendall and the Company entered into a Separation Agreement, including a Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2022. Under the Separation Agreement, in addition to other severance benefits already received by Mr. Kendall in 2022, Mr. Kendall received a monthly severance payment for following the Termination Date, or November 22, 2023. During the first quarter of 2023, net severance payments made to Mr. Kendall totaled approximately . By the end of December 31, 2023, all payments due to Mr. Kendall were made. 
 Licensing and Supply Agreement with Atnahs Pharma UK Limited 
 The Company entered into the Pharmanovia Agreement, effective as of September 26, 2022, pursuant to which the Company granted Pharmanovia an exclusive license to certain of the Company s intellectual property to develop and commercialize Libervant (diazepam) Buccal Film for the treatment of prolonged or acute, convulsive seizures in all ages in the Territory (as defined in the Pharmanovia Agreement) during the term of the Pharmanovia Agreement. Under the Pharmanovia Agreement, Pharmanovia will lead the regulatory and commercialization activities for Libervant in the Territory and the Company will serve as the exclusive sole manufacturer and supplier of Libervant in the Territory. Pursuant to the Pharmanovia Agreement, the Company received upon agreement execution and, upon the occurrence of certain conditions set forth in the Pharmanovia Agreement, will receive additional milestone payments and profit shares, as well as manufacturing fees and royalty fees through the expiration of the Pharmanovia Agreement. 
 Effective March 27, 2023, the Company amended the Pharmanovia Agreement to expand the scope of territory for the license of Libervant to cover the rest of the world, excluding the U.S., Canada and China. Under the Pharmanovia Amendment, Pharmanovia will be responsible for seeking applicable regulatory approval in the expanded territories, which includes Latin America, Africa and Asia Pacific. Pursuant to the terms of the Pharmanovia Amendment, the Company received a non-refundable payment of from Pharmanovia in connection with the execution of the Pharmanovia Amendment. 
 Licensing Agreement with Assertio Holdings, Inc. 
 Effective as of October 26, 2022, the Company entered into the Assertio Agreement to license Sympazan (clobazam) oral film for the adjunctive treatment of seizures associated with Lennox Gastaut syndrome in patients aged two years of age and older. Under the terms of the Assertio Agreement, the Company granted to Assertio an exclusive, worldwide license of its intellectual property for Sympazan during the term of the Assertio License Agreement for an upfront payment of . In addition, Aquestive received a milestone payment subsequent to Aquestive s receipt of a notice of allowance from the PTO of the Company s patent application U.S. Serial No. 16/561,573, and payment by the Company of the related allowance fee. The Company received the notice of allowance from the PTO and paid the related allowance fee on October 27, 2022. Further, under the Assertio Agreement, the Company will receive royalties from Assertio for the sale of the product through the expiration of the Assertio Agreement. The Company also entered into a long-term supply agreement with Assertio for Sympazan pursuant to which the Company is the exclusive sole worldwide manufacturer and supplier of the product and will receive manufacturing fees from Assertio for the product through the expiration of such supply agreement. 
 Licensing Agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma America, Inc. 
 In January 2021, the Company announced that Aquestive granted an exclusive license to MTPA for the commercialization in the United States of Exservan. MTPA is a multinational pharmaceutical company with a focus on patients with ALS. The product was launched by MTPA in June 2021. Under the terms of the MTPA license agreement, Aquestive was the exclusive manufacturer and supplier of Exservan for MTPA in the United States. In June 2024, under the Second Amendment to the License and Supply Agreement, MTPA and the Company mutually agreed to terminate the agreement. As of June 30, 2024 and as part of the termination, the parties were released from any existing or ongoing obligations (except for the limited post-termination obligations). Upon termination, deferred revenue of was recognized for milestone payments that had been received. Commissions of that had been capitalized were expensed immediately in Selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 Senior Secured Notes contained a repurchase offer or put option which gave holders of the option the right, but not the obligation, to require the Company to redeem the Notes up to a capped portion of milestone payments resulting from the Monetization Agreement. This put option was valued based on Level 3 inputs and its fair value was based primarily on an independent third-party appraisal consistent with generally accepted valuation methods of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, the American Society of Appraisers and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide. See Note 13, Long-Term Debt for further discussion. 
 In June 2022, the Company issued pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock in connection with its Securities Purchase Agreements with certain purchasers. Those warrants were valued based on Level 3 inputs and their fair value was based primarily on an independent third-party appraisal prepared as of the grant date consistent with generally accepted valuation methods of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, the American Society of Appraisers and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide. See Note 14 , Warrants for further information on these warrants. 
 On August 1, 2023, the Company entered into the Letter Agreement with the Exercising Holder of the remaining warrants to purchase of the shares of Common Stock. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Exercising Holder and the Company agreed that the Exercising Holder would exercise all of its Existing Warrants for shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants at per share of Common Stock, the current exercise price of the Existing Warrants. Under the Letter Agreement, in consideration of the Exercising Holder exercising the Existing Warrants, the Company issued to the Exercising Holder New Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at per share. Those warrants were valued based on Level 3 inputs and their fair value was based primarily on an independent third-party appraisal prepared as of the grant date consistent with generally accepted valuation methods of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, the American Society of Appraisers and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide. See Note 14 , Warrants for further information on these warrants. 
 On November 1, 2023, in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company and the Note Holders entered into the Royalty Right Agreements dated as of November 1, 2023, which provided the Note Holders: 
 a. a tiered royalty between and of annual worldwide net sales of Anaphylm (epinephrine) Sublingual Film for a period of from the first sale of Anaphylm on a global basis, and 
 b. a tiered royalty between to of annual worldwide net sales of Libervant (diazepam) Buccal Film until the earlier of (1) the first sale of Anaphylm and (2) from the first sale of Libervant. 
 Those Royalty Agreements were valued based on Level 3 inputs and their fair value was based primarily on internal management estimates developed based on third-party data and reflect management s judgements, the then current market conditions, and forecasts. The initial fair value measurement of the Royalty Right Agreements was determined based on 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Note 7. 
 Packaging material Finished goods Total inventory 

Note 8. 
 - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Leasehold improvements (a) Computer, network equipment and software - years 
 Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 (a) Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful lives. 
 Total depreciation, amortization, and impairment related to property and equipment was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the respective nine month periods, these expenses totaled and . 
 
 Note 9. 
 leases include the characteristics specified in ASC 842, Leases , which require classification as financing leases and, accordingly, these leases are accounted for as operating leases. These leases, as amended, provide remaining terms between years and years, including renewal options expected to be exercised to extend the lease periods. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized a lease supporting its manufacturing facilities as a finance lease. Commitments under finance leases are not significant, and are included in Property and equipment, net, and Notes payable, net on the Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 The Company does not recognize a right-to use asset and lease liability for short-term leases, which have terms of 12 months or less on its Condensed Balance Sheets. For longer-term lease arrangements that are recognized on the Company s Condensed Balance Sheets, the right-of-use asset and lease liability is initially measured at the commencement date based upon the present value of the lease payments due under the lease. These payments represent the combination of the fixed lease and fixed non-lease components that are due under the arrangement. The costs associated with the Company s short-term leases, as well as variable costs relating to the Company s lease arrangements, are not material to the Company s financial results. 
 The implicit interest rates of the Company s lease arrangements are generally not readily determinable and as such, the Company applies an incremental borrowing rate, which is established based upon the information available at the lease commencement date, to determine the present value of lease payments due under an arrangement. Measurement of the operating lease liability reflects a range of an estimated discount rate of to applied to minimum lease payments, including expected renewals, based on the incremental borrowing rate experienced in the Company s collateralized debt refinancing. 
 The Company s lease costs are recorded in manufacture and supply, research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses in its Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total operating lease expenses totaled and , respectively, including variable 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, total operating lease expenses totaled and , respectively, including variable lease expenses such as common area maintenance and operating costs of and , respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Note 10. 
 Purchased patent Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense was for the three months ended September 30, 2023. There was amortization expense incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these expenses totaled and , respectively. In June 2024, in connection with a termination of an agreement, the Company recorded a gain on termination of the contract in the amount of , which was partially offset by an adjustment to the remaining balance of of the intangible asset. The net gain of was recorded within Other income, net on the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 5, Material Agreements. 
 
 Note 11. 
 Other Total other non-current assets 
 During the second quarter of 2020, under the Sunovion License Agreement, the Company recognized of royalty revenue and corresponding royalty receivable, related to the annual minimum guaranteed royalty payments that are due to the Company. In connection with the Monetization Agreement, the Company performed an assessment under ASC 860, Transfer and Servicing to determine whether the existing receivable was transferred to Marathon and concluded it was not transferred. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Royalty receivable consists of and , respectively, annual minimum payments due from Sunovion, the last of which is due in March 2028. The current portion of the royalty receivable is included in Trade and other receivables, net. See Note 15, Sale of Future Revenue for further details on how this receivable relates to the Monetization Agreement transaction. 
 Non-current portion of commissions capitalized under ASC 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs, is recorded within Other non-current assets on the Condensed Balance Sheets. Commissions of were expensed in Selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to the termination of the underlying contracts. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12. 
 Real estate and personal property taxes Accrued distribution expenses and sales returns provision Interest payable 
 Other Total accrued expenses 
 The reduction in Accrued compensation is related to payments of accrued bonuses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by the current year accrual of bonuses. 
 The decrease in Interest payable is mostly due to the timing of interest payments on the Senior Notes. The third quarter 2024 interest payment on the Senior Notes was made on September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, interest payable on the Senior Notes was due on January 2, 2024. See Note 13, Long-Term Debt , for discussion of Notes and related interest payable. 
 Accrued distribution expenses and sales returns provision mostly represent estimated liabilities for wholesaler service fees, co-pay support redemptions and other rebates related to the proprietary product Libervant. and returns and other expenses related to the proprietary product Sympazan (prior to outlicensing to Assertio in October 2022). 
 
 Note 13. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 On July 15, 2019, the Company completed a private placement of up to aggregate principal of its Notes which were due 2025 and issued Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at par value per share. 
 Upon closing of the Base Indenture, the Company issued of the Notes (the Initial Notes along with the Warrants and rights of first offer (the First Offer Rights to the noteholders participating in this transaction. Issuance of the Initial Notes and Warrants provided net proceeds of . 
 On November 3, 2020, the Company entered into the First Supplemental Indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with all other subsequent supplemental indentures and the Base Indenture, collectively, the Indenture by and among the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (the Trustee and Collateral Agent thereunder to the Base Indenture, by and between the Company and the Trustee. Under the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Company repaid of its outstanding Notes from the upfront proceeds received under the Monetization Agreement. Further, the Company entered into an additional Purchase Agreement with its noteholders whereby the Company issued in aggregate of additional Notes (the Additional Notes in lieu of paying a prepayment premium to noteholders on the early repayment of the Notes discussed above. The result of these transactions reduced the net balance of the Company s Notes outstanding in the aggregate to at December 31, 2020. The principal issuance would be repaid proportionally over the same maturities as the other Notes. The Company also paid to one of its noteholders a premium as result of the early retirement of debt. 
 The Company accounted for the debt repayment as a debt modification of the Notes. The fees paid to noteholders inclusive of (i) a early premium prepayment and (ii) issuance of Additional Notes in lieu of paying a prepayment penalty were recorded as additional debt discount, amortized over the remaining life of the Notes using the effective interest method. Loan origination costs of associated with the Additional Notes were expensed as incurred. Existing deferred discounts and loan origination fees on the Notes are amortized as an adjustment of interest expense over the remaining term of modified debt using the effective interest method. 
 The First Supplemental Indenture contained a provision whereby, as the Company receives any cash proceeds from the Monetization Agreement, each noteholder had the right to require the Company to redeem all or any part of such noteholder s outstanding Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. This repurchase offer was capped at of the cash proceeds received by the Company as the contingent milestones were attained, if any, up through June 30, 2025. The embedded put option was deemed to be a derivative under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , which required the recording of the embedded put option at fair value subject to remeasurement at each reporting period. Accordingly, a valuation study was performed by an independent third party appraiser and updated in June 30, 2023. Based on the valuation study, the put option was valued at . The put option fair value decreased by and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 change in fair value during the three months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, as of the closing of this transaction, the Company issued to the holders of the Notes warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, the put option is no longer in place due to the refinancing of the Notes. 
 On October 7, 2021, the Company entered into the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, pursuant to which the amortization schedule for the Notes was amended to provide for the date of the first principal payment to be extended from September 30, 2021 to March 30, 2023. The Fourth Supplemental Indenture did not change the maturity date of the Notes or the interest payment obligation due under the Notes. In connection with the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Company entered into a Consent Fee Letter with the holders of the Notes (the Consent Fee Letter ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the holders of the Notes an additional cash payment ("Consent Fee") of in the aggregate, payable in quarterly payments beginning May 15, 2022. The last Consent Fee installment of was made in February 2023. 
 The Notes provided a stated fixed interest rate of , payable quarterly in arrears, with the final quarterly principal repayment of the Notes due at maturity on June 30, 2025. 
 The Company could have elected, at its option, to redeem the Notes at any time at premiums that range from of outstanding principal if prepayment occurs on or after the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Initial Notes to if payment occurs during the third year after the issuance of the Notes. The Indenture also included change of control provisions under which the Company would have been required to redeem the Notes at of the remaining principal plus accrued interest at the election of the noteholders. 
 During the nine months ended September 30 2023, the Company redeemed of its outstanding Notes. The Company also paid in prepayment premium as result of the early retirement of debt which was reflected as a loss on extinguishment of debt on the Company's Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The prepayments along with the scheduled principal payments of during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reduced the net balance of the Notes outstanding in the aggregate to as of September 30, 2023. 
 Amortization expense arising from amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and debt discounts related to the Notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 On November 1, 2023, the Company issued the Notes, as described below, and used most of the proceeds from the issuance to repay the outstanding principal balance under the Notes of , including accrued and unpaid interest and a redemption fee. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 On November 1, 2023, the Company entered into an Indenture Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Note Holders and issued aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 2028. The Company received net proceeds of approximately from this transaction after the repayment of the Notes and deduction of debt discount, and debt issuance costs. 
 The Notes are senior secured obligations of the Company and mature on November 1, 2028. The Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable quarterly commencing on December 30, 2023; the first interest payment was due and paid on January 2, 2024. On each payment date commencing on June 30, 2026, the Company will pay an installment of principal of the Notes pursuant to a fixed amortization schedule, along with the applicable Exit Fee. The Exit Fee totals . 
 The Company may, at its option, redeem the Notes in full or in part: 
 a. if such redemption occurs prior to November 1, 2025, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus the applicable Exit Fee, plus an Applicable Premium which is the greater of 
 i. of the principal redeemed; and 
 ii. the amount, if any, by which the present value of the principal to be redeemed on November 1, 2025, plus all required interest due on such date, computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate, plus basis points, exceeds the amount of principal to be redeemed; and 
 b. if such redemption occurs after November 1, 2025, the redemption price is equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus the applicable Exit Fee. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Notes at a change of control repurchase price equal at plus the Exit Fee of the remaining principal, plus accrued interest at the election of the Note Holders. 
 The Indenture permits the Company, upon the continuing satisfaction of certain conditions, including that the Company has at least of net revenues for the most recently completed twelve calendar month period, to enter into an ABL facility not to exceed . The ABL Facility may be collateralized only by assets of the Company constituting inventory, accounts receivable, and the proceeds thereof. 
 In connection with the issuance of Notes, the Company and the Note Holders entered into the Royalty Right Agreements dated as of November 1, 2023, which provides Note Holders: 
 a. a tiered royalty between and of annual worldwide net sales of Anaphylm (epinephrine) Sublingual Film for a period of years from the first sale of Anaphylm on a global basis, and 
 b. a tiered royalty between to of annual worldwide net sales of Libervant (diazepam) Buccal Film until the earlier of (1) the first sale of Anaphylm and (2) from the first sale of Libervant. 
 Both the Notes and Royalty Right Agreements, represent freestanding instruments which were issued in conjunction with each other. They are classified as debt within the scope of ASC 470, Debt and are subsequently measured on an amortized cost basis. 
 The initial fair value measurement of the Royalty Right Agreements was determined based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities of success, and the estimated amount of future sales of Anaphylm and Libervant. These inputs are derived using internal management estimates developed based on third-party data and reflect management s judgements, current market conditions, and forecasts. 
 The Royalty Right Agreements fair value is estimated by applying probability-weighted cash flows for future sales, which are then discounted to present value. Changes to fair value of the Royalty Rights Agreements can result from changes to one or a number of the aforementioned inputs. A significant change in unobservable inputs could result in a material increase or decrease to the effective interest rate of the Royalty Right Agreements liability. As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to the significant unobservable inputs used to recognize the Royalty Right Agreements liability. 
 Royalty Right Agreements Probability weighted income approach Probability of Success Projected Years of Payments 2025 - 2033 
 Since the Royalty Right Agreements were issued in connection with the Notes, the Company allocated the proceeds to the two instruments based on their relative fair values. The Company allocated approximately to the Royalty Right Agreements. The Company determined the allocated fair value by calculating the present value of estimated future royalties to be paid to Note Holders over the life of the arrangement. 
 The excess of future estimated royalty payments of over the of allocated fair value is recognized as a discount related to the Royalty Right Agreements and is amortized as interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 At inception, the allocated amounts of when combined with the Exit Fee of , original issue discount of and debt issuance costs of , resulted in a debt discount of . The debt discount is being amortized over the term of Notes using the effective interest method. 
 Amortization expense arising from the discounts related to the Notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. Amortization expense arising from the discounts related to the Royalty Right Agreements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 
 Unamortized discounts totaled and for the Notes and and for the Royalty obligations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Unamortized discount, including Exit Fee 
 ) ) Notes payable, long-term 
 Finance lease, long-term 
 Notes payable, net 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Royalty obligations 
 Unamortized discount ) ) Royalty obligations, net 
 
 The current portion of royalty obligations payable is not material as of September 30, 2024. 
 Notes as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Remainder of 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 Note 14. 
 Senior Secured Noteholders 
 Warrants that were issued in conjunction with the Initial Notes (the Initial Warrants and Additional Notes (the Additional Warrants expire on June 30, 2025 and entitled the noteholders to purchase up to shares of Common Stock and included specified registration rights. Management estimated the fair value of the Initial Warrants to be and the Additional Warrants to be , each based on an assessment by an independent third-party appraiser. The fair value of the respective warrants was treated as a debt discount, amortizable over the term of the respective warrants, with the unamortized Notes portion applied to reduce the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. Additionally, since the Initial Warrants and Additional Warrants issued do not provide warrant redemption or put rights within the control of the holders that could require the Company to make a payment of cash or other assets to satisfy the obligations under the warrants, except in the case of a cash change in control , the fair value attributed to the warrants is presented in Additional Paid-in Capital in the Company s unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets. There were warrants exercised as it relates to the Initial Warrants and the Additional Warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Warrants to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock with exercise prices of and for warrants and warrants, respectively, remain outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note 13, Long-Term Debt. 
 Warrants Issued Under Securities Purchase Agreements 
 In June 2022, the Company issued pre-funded warrants and Common Stock warrants to certain purchasers in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreements. The pre-funded warrants entitled purchasers to purchase up to shares of Common Stock and were exercised in full during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Common Stock warrants expire on June 8, 2027 and entitled the purchasers to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. Management estimated the fair value of the pre-funded warrants and Common Stock warrants to be based on an assessment by an independent third-party appraiser. The fair value of the pre-funded and Common Stock warrants is treated as equity and presented in Additional Paid-in Capital in the Company s unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets. On June 14, 2023, Common Stock warrants issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements were exercised with proceeds of approximately . 
 On August 1, 2023, the Company entered into the Letter Agreement with the Exercising Holder of of the remaining Common Stock Warrants. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Exercising Holder and the Company agreed that the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 per share of Common Stock, the current exercise price of the Existing Warrants. Under the Letter Agreement, in consideration of the Exercising Holder exercising the Existing Warrants, the Company issued to the Exercising Holder New Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock. The New Warrants became exercisable after February 2, 2024, expire on February 2, 2029 and are issuable only for cash, subject to exception if the shares of Common Stock underlying the New Warrants are not registered in accordance with the terms of the Letter Agreement, in which case the New Warrants may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a "cashless exercise". The New Warrants have an exercise price of per share. Management estimated the fair value of the warrants to be based on an assessment by an independent third-party appraiser. The fair value of the New Warrants is treated as equity and is presented in Additional Paid-in Capital in the Company s Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 On August 2, 2023, of the Existing Warrants were exercised pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement with the Exercising Holder, with the Company receiving gross proceeds therefrom of . In total, Common Stock warrants issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements with net proceeds of approximately were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company incurred in relation to this transaction. 
 There were warrants issued or exercised as it relates to the Warrants Issued Under Securities Purchase Agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In addition to the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock described above, there remain outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock outstanding related to the original issuance of the Notes prior to the debt refinancing described above in this Note 14, with exercise prices of and for warrants and warrants, respectively. 
 
 Note 15. 
 and an additional payment of through the achievement of the first milestone. The Company has received an aggregate amount of through September 30, 2024 under the Monetization Agreement. 
 Under the Monetization Agreement, additional contingent payments of up to may be due to the Company upon the achievement of worldwide royalty and other commercial targets within a specified timeframe, which could result in total potential proceeds of . 
 The Company recorded the upfront proceeds of and subsequent first milestone of , reduced by of transaction costs, as a liability related to the sale of future revenue that will be amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the Monetization Agreement. As future contingent payments are received, they will increase the balance of the liability related to the sale of future revenue. Although the Company sold all of its rights to receive royalties and milestones, as a result of ongoing obligations related to the generation of these royalties, the Company will account for these royalties as revenue. Its ongoing obligations include the maintenance and defense of the intellectual property and to provide assistance to Marathon in executing a new license agreement for KYNMOBI in the event Sunovion terminates the Sunovion License Agreement in one or more jurisdictions of the licensed territory under the Sunovion License Agreement. The accounting liabilities, as adjusted over time, resulting from this transaction and any non-cash interest expenses associated with those liabilities do not and will not represent any obligation to pay or any potential future use of cash. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, under the Sunovion License Agreement, the Company recognized of royalty revenue and corresponding royalty receivable, related to the annual minimum guaranteed royalty that is due. In connection with the Monetization Agreement, the Company performed an assessment under ASC 860, Transfer and Servicing to determine whether the existing receivable was transferred to Marathon and concluded that the receivable was not transferred. 
 As royalties are remitted to Marathon from Sunovion, the collection of the royalty receivable and balance of the liability related to the sale of future revenue will be effectively repaid over the life of the agreement. In order to determine the amortization of the liability related to the sale of future revenue, the Company is required to estimate the total amount of future royalty and milestone payments to Marathon over the life of the Monetization Agreement and contingent milestone payments from Marathon to the Company. The sum of future royalty payments less the in proceeds received and future contingent payments has been recorded as interest expense over the life of the Monetization Agreement. At execution, the estimate of this total interest expense resulted in an effective annual interest rate of approximately . This estimate contained significant assumptions that impact both the amount recorded at execution and the interest expense that will be recognized over the life of the Monetization Agreement. The Company assesses the estimated royalty and milestone payments 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Royalties related to the sale of future revenue ) ) Amortization of issuance costs Liability related to the sale of future revenue, net at end of the period (includes current portion of and , respectively) 

Note 16.) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares basic Effect of stock options (a) 
 Effect of restricted stock units (b) 
 Effect of warrants (c) 
 Effect of Employee Stock Purchase Plan (d) 
 Weighted-average number of common shares diluted (Loss) Earnings per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 (Loss) Earnings per common share basic 
 ) ) ) (Loss) Earnings per common share diluted 
 ) ) ) 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 and shares of Common Stock, respectively, were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, outstanding stock options to purchase and shares of Common Stock, respectively, were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. 
 (b) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, outstanding restricted stock units of and shares of Common Stock, respectively, were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, outstanding restricted stock units of and . shares of Common Stock, respectively, were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. 
 (c) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, outstanding warrants to purchase and shares of Common Stock, respectively, were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, outstanding warrants to purchase and shares of Common Stock, respectively, were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. 
 (d) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023, the estimated effects of ESPP awards were not material. 
 
 Note 17. 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total share-based compensation expenses Share-based compensation from: Restricted stock units Stock options Employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) Total share-based compensation expenses 
 Share-Based Compensation Equity Awards 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, of total unrecognized compensation expenses related to unvested service-based restricted stock units are expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. The service-based restricted stock units granted to employees are subject to a graduated vesting schedule and are not subject to performance-based criteria other than continued employment. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Vested ) Forfeited Unvested as of September 30, 2024 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested market condition vesting- based restricted stock units are expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. 
 The market conditions vesting-based restricted stock units vest based on a Performance Price measured as the -day average of the closing prices of the Company s common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market immediately prior to and including the last calendar day of the performance period (which ends on the third anniversary of the grant date). To the extent the Performance Price is less than , the Vesting Percentage will be . To the extent the Performance Price is , the Vesting Percentage will be . To the extent the Performance Price is or greater, but less than , the Vesting Percentage will be a prorated amount between and , based on straight-line interpolation. To the extent the Performance Price is , the Vesting Percentage will be . To the extent the Performance Price is or greater, but less than , the Vesting Percentage will be a prorated amount between and , based on straight-line interpolation. To the extent the Performance Price is or greater, the Vesting Percentage will be . In no event will the Vesting Percentage exceed . 
 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 
 In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4), the Company adopted the 2022 Equity Inducement Plan approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company effective as of July 29, 2022. There were awards outstanding under this Plan as of September 30, 2024. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Expired ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 The fair values of stock options granted were estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model based on the following assumptions: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Expected dividend yield Expected volatility - Expected term (years) - Risk-free interest rate - 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock options were granted with a weighted average exercise price of and accordingly, given the Company s share price of at September 30, 2024, the intrinsic value provided by certain shares granted during this period was de minimis. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Note 18. 
 , and the Company recorded income tax expense from its pretax losses of and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective income tax rate was and , respectively, and the Company recorded and from its pretax (loss) income of and , respectively. 
 The primary factors impacting the effective tax rate for nine months ended September 30, 2024 is the anticipated full year pre-tax book loss and a full valuation allowance against any associated net deferred tax assets. 
 
 Note 19. 
 causes of action: (1) Unfair Competition under California Business and Professional Code 17200 UCL (2) Defamation; and (3) Malicious Prosecution. Neurelis filed a First Amended Complaint on December 9, 2019, alleging the same causes of action. The Company filed a Motion to Strike Neurelis s Complaint under California s anti-SLAPP strategic lawsuit against public participation statute on January 31, 2020, which Neurelis opposed. On August 6, 2020, the Court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the Company s anti-SLAPP motion. The parties cross-appealed the ruling to the California Court of Appeal. The appeals court held oral argument on the appeal on October 14, 2021, and issued its ruling on November 17, 2021. Under the ruling, the court struck the entirety of the malicious prosecution claim and struck portions of the UCL and defamation claims. On April 12, 2022, Neurelis filed a Second Amended Complaint in response to the Court of Appeal s decision. The Second Amended Complaint also added a cause of action for Trade Libel. On May 3, 2022, the Company filed a "demurrer" challenge to the sufficiency of the allegations of the Second Amended Complaint. Oral argument on the Company s motion for attorney fees related to the anti-SLAPP motion and on the Second Amended Complaint and demurer challenge was held on June 17, 2022. The Court entered an order granting the Company s motion for attorney fees, awarding and ordering Neurelis to pay the fees within 60 days of June 17, 2022. The Court denied the Company s demurrer and the parties proceeded with discovery on the claims in the Second Amended Complaint. The plaintiff filed a motion to file a third amended complaint, which the Court granted on November 17, 2023. The Third Amended Complaint alleges additional facts but includes the same claims as the Second Amended Complaint. Trial in this matter is scheduled for March 7, 2025. The Company is not able to determine or predict the ultimate outcome of this proceeding or provide a reasonable estimate or range of estimates of the possible outcome or loss, if any, in this matter. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 product liability lawsuits, along with Indivior and several other named defendants, in which the individual plaintiffs in those cases allege that their use of Suboxone Sublingual Film, a prescription drug product for opioid use disorder, caused them dental injuries. On February 2, 2024, this litigation became a Multidistrict Litigation MDL") consolidated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio. One case alleging the same allegations as contained in the MDL has been filed in a state court in the State of New Jersey. The parties to the MDL have agreed to a tolling of unfiled claimants in several states. Indivior has agreed to defend the Company in these litigation matters. No discovery schedule or trial date has been set in the MDL matter. The Company is not able to determine or predict the ultimate outcome of this litigation or provide a reasonable estimate or range of estimates of the possible outcome or loss, if any, in this matter 
 
 As of October 15, 2024, the Company was named as a defendant in proposed class action lawsuits filed in Canada, along with Indivior and several other named defendants, in which the individual plaintiffs in those cases allege that their use of Suboxone products caused them dental injuries. of these cases have been filed in British Columbia, and the plaintiffs in those cases are seeking assignment of a case management judge. The anticipated next step in British Columbia will involve applications by the plaintiffs to determine which of the cases will proceed towards a certification hearing and which will be stayed. The third case has been filed in Quebec, and is proceeding towards an authorization hearing (date to be set). The authorization and certification hearings are where the Courts will determine if the cases will proceed as class actions. No discovery schedule or trial dates have been set, as all the Canadian cases are pre-certification/pre-authorization. Given the early stages of these proceedings, the Company is not able to determine or predict the ultimate outcome of this litigation or provide a reasonable estimate or range of estimates of the possible outcome or loss, if any, in this matter. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read this section in conjunction with our unaudited condensed interim financial statements and related notes included in Part I Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited financial statements and related notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. All dollar amounts are stated in thousands except for share data. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and certain other communications made by us include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as believe, anticipate, plan, expect, estimate, intend, may, will, or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the advancement and related timing of our product candidate Anaphylm (epinephrine) Sublingual Film through clinical development and approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), including the timing of submission of supporting and pediatric clinical studies, holding a pre-New Drug Application (NDA) meeting with the FDA and filing the NDA for Anaphylm with the FDA, and the following launch of Anaphylm, if approved by the FDA; that the results of the Company s clinical studies for Anaphylm are sufficient to support submission of the NDA for approval of Anaphylm by the FDA; that Anaphylm will be the first and only oral administration of epinephrine and accepted as an alternative to existing standards of care, if Anaphylm is approved by the FDA; the expected growth of the U.S. epinephrine market including in value and the opportunity such growth presents to the Company should Anaphylm be approved by the FDA; the advancement and related timing of our Adrenaverse pipeline epinephrine prodrug product candidates, including AQST-108, through clinical development and FDA regulatory approval process, including holding a pre-IND meeting with the FDA for AQST-108 and the following launch of AQST-108, if approved by the FDA; the potential sale or outlicensing of Anaphylm, Libervant or other product candidates; the advancement and related timing of our product candidate Libervant (diazepam) Buccal Film for the indicated epilepsy patient population aged between six and eleven years through clinical development and FDA regulatory approval and the following launch of Libervant for this patient population if approved by the FDA; the approval for U.S. market access of Libervant for this patient population aged six years and older and overcoming the orphan drug market exclusivity of an FDA approved nasal spray product of another company extending to January 2027 for Libervant for these epilepsy patients six years of age and older; the advancement, growth and related timing of our Adrenaverse pipeline of epinephrine prodrug product candidates, including AQST-108 (epinephrine) Topical Gel, through clinical development including design and timing of clinical studies including those necessary to support the targeted indication of alopecia areata for AQST-108, and holding a pre-investigational new drug application meeting (IND) with the FDA, and the following launch of AQST-108, if approved by the FDA; the commercial opportunity of Libervant, Anaphylm, AQST-108 and our other product candidates, including potential revenues (including projected peak annual sales) generated from commercialization of these products and product candidates should these product candidates be approved by the FDA; the potential growth of our patent portfolio including the extension of patent protection for Anaphylm should the pending patents be approved by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO); the potential benefits our products and product candidates could bring to patients; our cash and financial position, including with respect to our 2024 financial outlook; and business strategies, market opportunities, and other statements that are not historical facts. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks associated with our development work, including any delays or changes to the timing, cost and success of our product development activities and clinical trials and plans, including those relating to Anaphylm (including for pediatric patients), AQST-108, and the Company's other product candidates; risks associated with the Company s distribution work for Libervant, including any delays or changes to the timing, cost and success of Company's distribution activities and expansion of market access to patients aged two to five for Libervant; risk of delays in advancement of the regulatory approval process through the FDA of our product candidates, including the filing of the respective NDAs, including for Anaphylm, AQST-108, Libervant for patients aged between six and eleven and other product candidates, or failure to receive FDA approval at all of any of these product candidates; risk of the Company s ability to generate sufficient clinical data for approval of our product candidates, including with respect to our PK/PD comparability submission for FDA approval of Anaphylm; risk of the Company s ability to address the FDA s comments on the Company s future clinical trials and other concerns identified in the FDA Type C meeting minutes for Anaphylm, including the risk that the FDA may require additional clinical studies for approval of Anaphylm; risk of the success of any competing products; risk that we may not overcome the seven year orphan drug market exclusivity granted by the FDA for the approved nasal spray product of another company in the U.S. in order for Libervant to be granted U.S. market access for patients aged six years and older until the expiration of the orphan drug market exclusivity period of the nasal spray product due to expire in January 2027, or for other reasons; risk of loss of U.S. market approval of Libervant for patients aged between two and five resulting from a legal challenge relating to U.S. orphan drug market exclusivity by the owner of the approved nasal spray 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 product with respect to the FDA s approval for U.S. market access of Libervant for this pediatric patient population, or for other reasons; risks and uncertainties inherent in commercializing a new product (including technology risks, financial risks, market risks and implementation risks and regulatory limitations); risk of development of a sales and marketing capability for commercialization of our product Libervant and other product candidates, including Anaphylm and AQST-108; the potential impact on the value of the Company of the sale or outlicensing of our product and product candidates, including Libervant and Anaphylm and other product candidates; risk of sufficient capital and cash resources, including sufficient access to available debt and equity financing, including under our ATM facility, and revenues from operations, to satisfy all of our short-term and longer-term liquidity and cash requirements and other cash needs, at the times and in the amounts needed, including to fund commercialization activities relating to Libervant for patients between two and five years of age and to fund future clinical development and commercial activities for our product candidates, including Anaphylm, AQST-108 and Libervant for patients aged between six and eleven, should these product candidates be approved by the FDA, and for Libervant patients of six years and older upon expiration of the orphan drug marketing exclusivity period of the nasal spray product; risk that our manufacturing capabilities will be sufficient to support demand for Libervant for patients between two and five years of age and for older patients, should Libervant receive U.S. market access for these older patients, and for demand for our licensed products in the U.S. and abroad; risk of eroding market share for Suboxone and risk as a sunsetting product, which accounts for the substantial part of our current operating revenue; risk of default of our debt instruments; risks related to the outsourcing of certain sales, marketing and other operational and staff functions to third parties; risk of the rate and degree of market acceptance in the U.S. and abroad of Libervant for epilepsy patients between two and five years of age, and for older epilepsy patients if approved for U.S. market access and after the expiration of the orphan drug market exclusivity period in January 2027; risk of the rate and degree of market acceptance in the U.S. and abroad of Libervant and Anaphylm, AQST-108 and our other product candidates, should these product candidates be approved by the FDA, and for our licensed products in the U.S. and abroad; risk of the success of any competing products including generics; risk of the size and growth of our product markets; risk of compliance with all FDA and other governmental and customer requirements for our manufacturing facilities; risks associated with intellectual property rights and infringement claims relating to our products; risk that our patent applications for our product candidates, including for Anaphylm, will not be timely issued, or issued at all, by the PTO; risk of unexpected patent developments; risk of legislation and regulatory actions and changes in laws or regulations affecting our business including relating to our products and product candidates and product pricing, reimbursement or access therefor; risk of loss of significant customers; risks related to claims and legal proceedings against Aquestive including patent infringement, securities, business torts, investigative, product safety or efficacy and antitrust litigation matters; risk of product recalls and withdrawals; risks related to any disruptions in our information technology networks and systems, including the impact of cybersecurity attacks; risk of increased cybersecurity attacks and data accessibility disruptions due to remote working arrangements; risk of adverse developments affecting the financial services industry; risks related to inflation and rising interest rates; risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic and other pandemic diseases on our business, including with respect to our clinical trials and the site initiation, patient enrollment and timing and adequacy of those clinical trials, regulatory submissions and regulatory reviews and approvals of our product candidates, availability of pharmaceutical ingredients and other raw materials used in our products and product candidates, supply chain, manufacture and distribution of our products and product candidates; risks and uncertainties related to general economic, political (including the Ukraine and Israel wars and other acts of war and terrorism), business, industry, regulatory, financial and market conditions and other unusual items; and other uncertainties affecting us including those described in the "Risk Factors" section and in other sections included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include the matters discussed and referenced in the risk factors of the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10 K and our other Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and in our Current Reports on Form 8-K and our other filings with the SEC. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as the date made. All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, or outlook or guidance after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law. Readers should not rely on the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as representing our views as of any date after the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to Aquestive, the "Company, we, us, and our refer to Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Overview 
 Aquestive is a pharmaceutical company advancing medicines to bring meaningful improvement to patients lives through innovative science and delivery technologies. We are developing pharmaceutical products to deliver complex molecules through administrations that are alternatives to invasive and inconvenient standard of care therapies. We have a proprietary commercial product, Libervant (diazepam) Buccal Film for the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity i.e. , seizure clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient s usual seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy between two and five years of age, which was launched in April 2024. We are advancing a product pipeline for the treatment of severe allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, under the trade name 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 "Anaphylm ", and our Adrenaverse epinephrine prodrug pipeline platform. We have five licensed commercial products that are marketed by our licensees in the U.S. and around the world. We are the exclusive manufacturer of these licensed products. Aquestive also collaborates with pharmaceutical companies to bring new molecules to market using proprietary, best-in-class technologies, like PharmFilm , and has proven drug development and commercialization capabilities. Our production facilities are located in Portage, Indiana, and our corporate headquarters and primary research laboratory facilities are based in Warren, New Jersey. 
 We manufacture licensed products at our facilities and anticipate that our current manufacturing capacity is sufficient for commercial quantities of our licensed products, proprietary product and product candidates currently in development. Our facilities have been inspected by the FDA, TGA, and DEA, and are subject to inspection by all applicable health agencies, including ANVISA and EMA. Not all collaborative or licensed products of the Company that may be commercially launched in the future will necessarily be manufactured by us. 
 Complex Molecule Portfolio 
 We have developed a proprietary pipeline of complex molecule-based product candidates as alternatives to invasively administered standard of care therapeutics addressing large market opportunities. The active programs in our complex molecule pipeline portfolio are: 
 Anaphylm (epinephrine) Sublingual Film the first and only non-device based, orally delivered epinephrine product candidate that has shown clinical results comparable to auto-injectors (such as EpiPen and Auvi-Q for the emergency treatment of allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis. Epinephrine is the standard of care in the treatment of anaphylaxis and is typically administered via intramuscular injection (IM) including auto-injectors, such as EpiPen and Auvi-Q, which require patients or their caregivers to inject epinephrine into the patient s thigh during an emergency allergic reaction. As a result of this route of administration, many patients and their caregivers are reluctant to use injectable products. In August 2024, a nasal spray device was approved by the FDA for the treatment of severe allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. However, Anaphylm would, if approved by the FDA, allow a patient to simply place a dissolvable strip, approximately the size and weight of a postage stamp, under the tongue, providing an appropriate medication where it is needed, when it is needed and in a form preferred by patients. 
 The FDA conditionally accepted the proprietary name Anaphylm (pronounced ana-film as the proposed brand name for Anaphylm. Final approval of the Anaphylm proprietary name is conditioned on FDA approval of Anaphylm, if any. 
 On February 24, 2022, following a Phase 1 clinical study conducted by the Company, the FDA cleared our IND for Anaphylm, allowing for clinical investigation of Anaphylm in the U.S. The FDA confirmed that the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway is acceptable for the development of Anaphylm. The FDA granted Fast Track designation of Anaphylm in March 2022. 
 Throughout 2022 and 2023, we reported positive topline data from several clinical studies evaluating multiple oral film formulations and dosage strengths of Anaphylm in healthy adult subjects, including cross over studies comparing the PK and PD of epinephrine delivered via Anaphylm compared to current standards of care, EpiPen and manual intramuscular (IM) injectors. These studies demonstrated that treatment with Anaphylm was well tolerated, with no serious adverse events, significant medical events, or treatment-related severe adverse events reported. The data from these clinical studies formed the basis for the End-of-Phase 2 (EoP2) meeting with the FDA in December of 2022, which provided clarity as to the FDA s expectations regarding key clinical program areas for design of revised dosing instructions expected for use in our pivotal clinical trial. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, we received comments from the FDA on its protocol for our pivotal clinical study for Anaphylm, which comments indicated that our proposed endpoints, sample size, and statistical analysis for the proposed pivotal clinical study were reasonable and provided clarity on PK sustainability with repeat-dose requirements. We incorporated the FDA s feedback into the pivotal clinical study design, which study commenced in Q4 2023. 
 In January 2024, we successfully completed a Type C meeting with the FDA in which the FDA found that we had adequately addressed the FDA s previous concerns noted in the EoP2 meeting, including addressing (1) the impact of any product hold time, (2) the potential for emesis (vomiting), and (3) the impact of potential mouth conditions such as angioedema (swelling), by removing product hold time from the administration instructions and providing additional information on how to characterize emesis in our NDA submission with the FDA. Regarding mouth conditions, the FDA recommended administering Anaphylm after oral exposure to a known allergen and assessing PK performance thereunder. This study replaced our previously planned angioedema study. In those comments, the FDA did not outline any new clinical development requirements for the Anaphylm program. The FDA reserved judgement on the sufficiency of the Anaphylm clinical development program until completion of ongoing and planned studies, the 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 results of which are expected to be presented at a pre-NDA meeting with the FDA, which is scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In March 2024, we released topline data from our pivotal clinical study for Anaphylm. The two-part, Phase 3, single-center, open-label, randomized study was designed to compare the PK and PD of single and repeat doses of Anaphylm versus single and repeat doses of the IM injection and epinephrine autoinjectors (EpiPen and Auvi-Q in healthy adult subjects. The results of this study demonstrated that the primary endpoint of epinephrine PK biocomparability of the single administration of Anaphylm to the single administration of Adrenalin (epinephrine IM injection) and autoinjectors in healthy adult subjects was met, as well as the secondary endpoints which included evaluating the PK sustainability of Anaphylm following repeat administration and the safety and tolerability of Anaphylm following single and repeat administrations versus epinephrine IM injection and epinephrine autoinjectors. 
 I n June 2024, we reported positive topline PK data from the temperature / pH study of Anaphylm . The single-dose, five-period, randomized crossover study was designed to compare the PK and PD of Anaphylm just after consuming normal water at different temperatures (hot, cold, and room temperature) as well as water of different pHs (acidic- lemon water, and basic- baking soda water). The most consumed beverages, such as soda, milk, coffee, and juice, have acidity between lemon water and normal water. The primary PK parameters were the maximum amount of epinephrine measured in plasma (Cmax) and exposure, or the area under the curve (AUC), at predefined time points after dosing, in 30 healthy adult subjects. Topline PK and PD data from the study showed no statistically significant difference in PK and PD results between the different groups based on temperature and pH variability in the mouth. 
 In July 2024, we reported positive topline data from the self-administration PK study of Anaphylm. The single-dose, three-period, randomized crossover study was designed to compare the PK and PD of Anaphylm self-administered, Anaphylm healthcare provider (HCP)-administered, and Adrenalin manual intramuscular (IM) injection HCP- administered. The primary PK parameters were the maximum amount of epinephrine measured in plasma (Cmax) and exposure, or the area under the curve (AUC), at predefined time points after dosing in 36 healthy adult subjects. The median time to maximum concentration (Tmax) was 15 minutes for both the Anaphylm self-administered and HCP-administered arms, while the median Tmax for the Adrenalin IM HCP administered arm was 50 minutes post administration. Also, there was no statistical difference between the Anaphylm self-administered and HCP- administered arms of the study based on a comparison of epinephrine exposures across the first 60 minutes post-administration. Topline PD data from the study showed no difference in the median increase in systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and heart rate whether Anaphylm is self-administered or HCP-administered. 
 In October 2024, we reported positive topline data from the oral allergy syndrome challenge study (now referred to as the "OASIS" study), meeting both primary and secondary endpoints. The two-part study demonstrated that Anaphylm maintained its PK and PD profile during allergen-induced oral physiological changes. In addition, following allergen exposure where 94 of subjects exhibited moderate to severe symptoms per the pre-defined oral severity score, rapid symptom resolution was observed beginning as early as two minutes post-administration. The median time to complete symptom resolution was twelve minutes compared to seventy-four minutes at screening baseline, with 50 of all symptoms across all subjects resolving by five minutes. The mean time of symptom resolution for edema, which affected approximately twenty-five percent of subjects, was five minutes after Anaphylm administration. The PK profile remained consistent, with median time to peak drug concentration (Tmax) maintained at twelve minutes and comparable geometric mean maximum concentration (Cmax) values between allergen-exposed and non-exposed cohorts. The safety profile was favorable, with all adverse events classified as mild to moderate and resolving without medical intervention. 
 Also in October 2024, at the ACAAI 2024 Annual Meeting in Boston, we presented results from a subsequent analysis of our pivotal study data demonstrating Anaphylm's consistent PK and PD profile regardless of variable placement or intraoral movement. The analysis showed that 87.5 of subjects maintained consistent film placement during disintegration. In the 12.5 of subjects where movement was noted, there were no significant differences in Cmax and Tmax. These findings further demonstrate that initial placement or subsequent movement of the sublingual film had no impact on epinephrine PK or PD comparability to epinephrine autoinjectors. 
 We recently received positive pre-NDA written response feedback from the FDA to the proposed CMC submission for Anaphylm. In addition, a clinically focused pre-NDA meeting with the FDA is scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2024. We are planning on initiating a full product launch of Anaphylm, if approved by the FDA, in the first quarter of 2026. This is based on commencing the pediatric study in subjects from the ages of 7 to 17 (weight greater than or equal to 30 kgs) in the fourth quarter of 2024 and completing an NDA submission with the FDA in the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 AQST-108 (epinephrine) topical gel Our product candidate, AQST 108 is composed of the prodrug dipivefrin which is enzymatically cleaved into epinephrine after administration. AQST 108, is a topically delivered adrenergic agonist prodrug, which we believe has the potential to support the re-establishment of immune privilege in the hair follicle and we are pursuing its development for the treatment of alopecia areata. We completed the first human clinical study for AQST108 The two-part study was designed to assess the safety and local tolerability of AQST-108. Part 1 was designed as a single ascending dose escalation study to assess the safety and pharmacokinetics of five different dose levels. The 1.0 dose of AQST-108 was chosen based on the down selection from the highest dose to move into the Part 2 study of the development program. In Part 2, three formulations based on excipient variations were evaluated in twelve healthy subjects. In Parts 1 and 2, no serious adverse events or topical adverse events were observed. In Part 2, the calculated percentage of AQST-108 observed in the skin remained consistent across all studied formulations and zero post dose AQST-108 concentrations in plasma were observed. We outlined the design of our planned Phase 2a study to assess the safety and efficacy of AQST-108 in mild to moderate alopecia areata patients at our investor day presentation on September 27, 2024. We have scheduled an IND meeting with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2024 to align on the Phase 2a study design and plan to commence the Phase 2a study in the second quarter of 2025. 
 Proprietary CNS Product 
 We believe the application of our proprietary PharmFilm technology is particularly valuable and relevant to patients suffering from certain CNS disorders to meet patients unmet medical needs and to solve patients therapeutic problems. Additionally, our know-how and proprietary position have broad application beyond CNS, and we plan to explore the applications of PharmFilm in other disease areas. Our most advanced asset within our proprietary CNS portfolio, focused in epilepsy, is as follows: 
 Libervant a buccally, or inside of the cheek, administered soluble film formulation of diazepam is our most advanced proprietary product. Aquestive developed Libervant as an alternative to device-dependent rescue therapies currently available to patients with refractory epilepsy, which are a rectal gel and nasal sprays. 
 On April 26, 2024, the FDA approved Libervant for U.S. market access for the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity i.e. , seizure clusters, acute repetitive seizures) that are distinct from a patient s usual seizure pattern in patients with epilepsy between two and five years of age. Libervant is the first and only orally administered rescue product for the treatment of seizure cluster in patients between ages two and five. The only other current FDA approved product for these epilepsy patients between two and five years of age is a diazepam rectal gel. In October 2024, Libervant 5mg, 7.5mg, 10mg, 12.5mg and 15 mg for patients between two to five years of age became available through multiple retail distribution channels. Market access activities have broadened coverage. Libervant is available nationwide with retail distribution capabilities in place. For Medicaid patients, Libervant is available in all states. Commercial patient access to Libervant continues to expand based on health plan reviews and Pharmacy Benefit Manager agreements. 
 Prior to the FDA approval of Libervant for patients between two to five years old, the FDA granted tentative approval in August 2022 for Libervant for the same indication in patients with epilepsy 12 years of age and older, finding that Libervant had met all required quality, safety, and efficacy standards for approval. However, due to an existing FDA regulatory grant of orphan drug market exclusivity for a diazepam nasal spray product sold by another company for use in patients 6 years of age and older, the FDA determined that Libervant was not yet eligible for marketing in the United States for this patient population of 12 years of age and older. We expect to file for FDA approval of these epilepsy patients aged between six and twelve years prior to the expiration of the orphan drug marketing exclusivity block of the nasal spray product. As a result of the orphan drug marketing exclusivity granted by the FDA to the nasal spray product, the FDA cannot give final approval for U.S. market access for Libervant for any age group of 6 and above until the expiration or inapplicability of the orphan drug market exclusivity, including, for example, by a reversal of the FDA s decision and determination that Libervant is clinically superior to Valtoco. However, overcoming the orphan drug marketing exclusivity determination is difficult to establish, with limited precedent, and there can be no assurance that the FDA will agree with our position seeking to overcome such market exclusivity and approve Libervant for U.S. market access for this age group of six years and older earlier than January 2027, the scheduled date for expiration of orphan drug market exclusivity. See Licensed Commercial Products, Product Candidates and Other Products Libervant for a discussion of the licensing arrangement for Libervant. 
 Licensed Commercial Products, Product Candidates and Other Products 
 Our portfolio also includes other products and product candidates that we have licensed, or will seek to license, or for which we have licensed our intellectual property for commercialization. In the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, our licensed product portfolio generated 50.6 million and 47.7 million in revenue to Aquestive, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our licensed product portfolio generated 45,694 and 37,377 in revenue to Aquestive, respectively. Those products include: 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Suboxone a sublingual film formulation of buprenorphine and naloxone, respectively an opioid agonist and antagonist, that is marketed in the United States and internationally for the treatment of opioid dependence. Suboxone was launched by our licensee, Indivior, in 2010. Suboxone is the most prescribed branded product in its category and was the first sublingual film product for the treatment of opioid dependence. We are the sole and exclusive supplier and manufacturer of Suboxone and have produced over 2.7 billion doses of Suboxone since its launch in 2010. As of September 30, 2024, Suboxone branded products retain approximately 28 film market share as generic film-based products have penetrated this market. We have filed patent infringement lawsuits against certain companies relating to generic film-based products for buprenorphine-naloxone. More details regarding these lawsuits are described in the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements, Note 19, Contingencies , contained herein. 
 Exservan an oral film formulation of riluzole, has been developed by the Company for the treatment of ALS. We believe that Exservan can bring meaningful assistance to patients who are diagnosed with ALS and face difficulties swallowing traditional forms of medication. Exservan was approved by the FDA on November 22, 2019. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we announced the grant of a license to Zambon for the development and commercialization of Exservan in the European Union (or EU) for the treatment of ALS. Zambon is a multinational pharmaceutical company with a focus on the CNS therapeutic area. Under the terms of the license agreement with Zambon, an upfront payment was paid to Aquestive for the development and commercialization rights of Exservan in the EU, and Aquestive will be paid development and sales milestone payments and low double-digit royalties on net sales of the product in the EU. Zambon is responsible for the regulatory approval and marketing of Exservan in the countries where Zambon seeks to market the product, which it markets as Emylif , and Aquestive is responsible for the development and manufacture of the product. During the second quarter of 2023, Aquestive received a 0.5 million milestone payment in connection with the first commercial sale in the first country in the licensed territory for Exservan pursuant to the terms of the license agreement with Zambon. 
 In January 2021, we announced that the Company granted an exclusive license to MTPA for the commercialization in the United States of Exservan. MTPA is a multinational pharmaceutical company with a focus on patients with ALS. The product was launched by MTPA in June 2021. Under the terms of the MTPA license agreement, Aquestive was the exclusive manufacturer and supplier of Exservan for MTPA in the United States. Exservan was developed to potentially fulfill a critical need for ALS patients, given it can be administered safely and easily, twice daily, without water. In June 2024, the Company and MTPA mutually agreed to terminate the MTPA Licensing Agreement. See Note 5, Material Agreements to our accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements for details. 
 In March 2022, we announced the grant of an exclusive license to Haisco for Haisco to develop and commercialize Exservan for the treatment of ALS in China. Haisco is a China-based public pharmaceutical company. Haisco led the regulatory and commercialization activities for Exservan in China. Aquestive was the exclusive sole manufacturer and supplier for Exservan in China. Under the terms of license agreement with Haisco, as amended, Aquestive received a 7.0 million upfront payment in September 2022, and was to receive regulatory milestone payments, double-digit royalties on net sales of Exservan in China, and earn manufacturing revenue upon the sale of Exservan in China. In June 2024, the Company and Haisco mutually agreed to terminate the Haisco Agreement. See Note 5, Material Agreements to our accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements for details. 
 KYNMOBI a sublingual film formulation of apomorphine, which is a dopamine agonist, was developed to treat episodic off-periods in Parkinson s disease. We licensed our intellectual property to Cynapsus Therapeutics, Inc., a company that was acquired by Sunovion for the commercialization of KYNMOBI under the Sunovion License Agreement. KYNMOBI was approved by the FDA on May 21, 2020 and commercially launched by Sunovion in September 2020. On November 3, 2020, we entered into the Monetization Agreement. Under the terms of the Monetization Agreement, we sold all of our contractual rights to receive royalties and milestone payments due under the Sunovion License Agreement related to Sunovion s apomorphine product, KYNMOBI. In June 2023, Sunovion announced that it had voluntarily withdrawn KYNMOBI from the U.S. and Canadian markets. 
 Zuplenz an oral soluble film formulation of ondansetron, a 5-HT antagonist, was developed for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy and post-operative recovery. Ondansetron is available as branded and generic products as intravenous injections, intramuscular injections, orally dissolving tablets, oral solution tablets, and film. We licensed commercial rights for Zuplenz to Hypera in Brazil (which Hypera markets as Ondif ). Hypera received approval to market Zuplenz in Brazil from ANVISA on February 21, 2022. Aquestive manufactures and supplies Ondif to Hypera. We licensed commercial rights for Zuplenz to Fortovia in the United States, Canada, and China. Fortovia launched Zuplenz in the United States in 2015. We had been the sole and exclusive manufacturer of Zuplenz for Fortovia. On August 31, 2020, Fortovia filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina. On January 29, 2021, the Bankruptcy Court approved an agreement pursuant to which the license and supply agreement between Aquestive and Fortovia was terminated, and all rights to commercialize Zuplenz returned to us, effective January 30, 2021. The Company submitted a request for voluntary 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 withdrawal of NDA 022524, Zuplenz, as the product is no longer marketed in the U.S. The request is currently being processed by FDA. 
 Azstarys an FDA-approved, once-daily product for the treatment of ADHD in patients age six years or older. AZSTARYS consists of serdexmethylphenidate, a prodrug of d-methylphenidate (d-MPH), co-formulated with immediate release d-MPH. In March 2012, the Company entered into an agreement with Zevra (formerly KemPharm, Inc.) to terminate a Collaboration and License Agreement entered into by the Company and Zevra in April 2011. Under this termination arrangement, the Company has the right to participate in any and all value that Zevra may derive from the commercialization or any other monetization of KP-415 and KP-484 compounds or their derivatives. Among these monetization transactions are those related to any business combinations involving Zevra and collaborations, royalty arrangements, or other transactions from which Zevra may realize value from these compounds, including the product Azstarys. On March 2, 2021, Zevra announced FDA approval of Azstarys for the treatment of ADHD. Pursuant to the terms of the March 2012 agreement with Zevra, the Company has begun to receive milestone revenues for Azstarys. 
 Libervant - The Company entered into the Pharmanovia Agreement with Pharmanovia, effective as of September 26, 2022, pursuant to which the Company granted Pharmanovia an exclusive license to certain of the Company s intellectual property to develop and commercialize Libervant for the treatment of prolonged or acute, convulsive seizures in all ages in the Territory during the term of the Pharmanovia Agreement. Under the Pharmanovia Agreement, Pharmanovia will lead the regulatory and commercialization activities for Libervant in the Territory and the Company will serve as the exclusive sole manufacturer and supplier of Libervant in the Territory. The Company received 3.5 million upon agreement execution. Effective March 27, 2023, the Company amended the Pharmanovia Agreement to expand the scope of the licensed territory for Libervant to cover the rest of the world, excluding the U.S., Canada and China. Pharmanovia will be responsible for seeking appropriate regulatory approval in the expanded territories. Pursuant to the terms of the Pharmanovia Amendment, the Company received a non-refundable payment of 2.0 million from Pharmanovia on execution of the Pharmanovia Amendment. 
 Sympazan an oral soluble film formulation of clobazam used for the treatment of seizures associated with a rare, intractable form of epilepsy known as Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, or LGS, in patients aged two years of age or older, was approved by the FDA on November 1, 2018. We commercially launched Sympazan in December 2018. On October 26, 2022, the Company entered into the Assertio Agreement with Otter Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a subsidiary of Assertio Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which the Company granted an exclusive, worldwide license of its intellectual property for Sympazan to Assertio during the term of that agreement for an upfront payment of 9.0 million. Additionally, the Company subsequently received from Assertio a 6.0 million milestone payment upon the Company's receipt of a notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office of its patent application U.S. Serial No. 16/561,573, and payment of the related allowance fee. The Company is the exclusive sole manufacturer and supplier of Sympazan for Assertio and receives manufacturing fees from Assertio for the product through the expiration of such supply agreement. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and use of estimates as previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 JOBS Act and Smaller Reporting Company 
 As of December 31, 2023, we were no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the United States JOBS Act. While we were an emerging growth company, we were able to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation. Even though we are no longer an emerging growth company, we remain exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act pursuant to rules of the SEC. 
 We remain a smaller reporting company , meaning we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a "smaller reporting company" which allows us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and certain reduced financial disclosures in our periodic reports. In addition, we are eligible to remain a smaller reporting company, for so long as we have a public float (based on our Common Stock equity) of less than 250 million measured as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or a public float (based on our Common Stock equity) of less than 700 million as of such date and annual revenues of 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result of these disclosure exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues to date have been earned from our manufactured products made to order for licensees. R evenues are also earned from our product development services provided under contracts with customers, and from the licensing of our intellectual property. These activities generate revenues in four primary categories: manufacture and supply revenue, license and royalty revenue, co-development and research fees, and proprietary product revenue, net. 
 Manufacture and Supply Revenue 
 We manufacture based on receipt of purchase orders from our licensees, and our licensees have an obligation to accept these orders once quality assurance validates the quality of the manufactured product with agreed upon technical specifications. With the exception of our license of Exservan, our licensees are responsible for all other aspects of commercialization of these products, and we have no role, either direct or indirect, in our customers commercialization activities, including those related to marketing, pricing, sales, payor access and regulatory operations. 
 We expect future manufacture and supply revenue from licensed products to be based on volume demand for existing licensed products, and for manufacturing and supply rights under license and supply agreements for existing or new agreements for successful product development collaborations. 
 License and Royalty Revenue 
 We realize revenue from licenses of our intellectual property. For licenses that do not require further development or other ongoing activities by us, our licensee has acquired the right to use the licensed intellectual property for self-development of their product candidate, for manufacturing, commercialization or other specified purposes, upon the effective transfer of those rights, and related revenues are generally recorded at a point in time, subject to contingencies or constraints, if any. For licenses that may provide substantial value only in conjunction with other performance obligations to be provided by us, such as development services or the manufacture of specific products, revenues are generally recorded over the term of the license agreement. We also earn royalties based on our licensees sales of products that use our intellectual property that are marketed and sold in the countries where we have patented technology rights. 
 Co-development and Research 
 Co-development and research fees are earned through performance of specific tasks, activities or completion of stages of development defined within a contractual development or feasibility study agreement with a customer. The nature of these performance obligations, broadly referred to as milestones or deliverables, are usually dependent on the scope and structure of the project as contracted, as well as the complexity of the product and the specific regulatory approval path necessary for that product. Accordingly, the duration of our research and development projects may range from several months to approximately three years. Although each contractual arrangement is unique, common milestones included in these arrangements include those for the performance of efficacy and other tests, reports of findings, formulation of initial prototypes, production of stability clinical and/or scale-up batches, and stability testing of those batches. Additional milestones may be established and linked to clinical results of the product submission and/or approval of the product by the FDA and the commercial launch of the product. 
 Proprietary product revenue, net 
 This net revenue is recognized when product is shipped and title passes to the customer, typically at time of delivery. At the time of sale, estimates for various revenue allowances are recorded based on historical trends and judgmental estimates. For sales of Libervant for patients between two to five years of age, returns allowances and prompt pay discounts are estimated based on contract terms and historical return rates, if available, and these estimates are recorded as a reduction of receivables. Similarly determined estimates are recorded relating to wholesaler service fees, co-pay support redemptions, and other rebates, and these estimates are reflected as a component of accrued liabilities. Once all related variable considerations are resolved and uncertainties as to collectable amounts are eliminated, estimates are adjusted to actual allowance amounts. Provisions for these estimated amounts are reviewed and adjusted on no less than a quarterly basis. 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Our costs and expenses are primarily the result of the following activities: generation of manufacture and supply revenues; development of our pipeline of proprietary product candidates; and selling, general and administrative expenses, including pre-launch and post-launch commercialization efforts, intellectual property procurement, protection, prosecution and litigation expenses, corporate management functions, medical and clinical affairs administration; public company costs, share- 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 based compensation expenses and interest on our corporate borrowings. We primarily record our costs and expenses in the following categories: 
 Manufacture and supply costs and expenses 
 Manufacture and supply costs and expenses are primarily incurred from the manufacture of our commercialized licensed pharmaceutical products, including raw materials, direct labor and overhead costs principally in our Portage, Indiana facilities. Our material costs include the costs of raw materials used in the production of our proprietary dissolving film and primary packaging materials. Direct labor costs consist of payroll costs (including taxes and benefits) of employees engaged in production activities. Overhead costs principally consist of indirect payroll, facilities rent, utilities and depreciation for leasehold improvements and production machinery and equipment. These costs can increase, or decrease, based on the costs of materials, purchased at market pricing, and the amount of direct labor required to produce a product, along with the allocation of fixed overhead, which is dependent on production volume. 
 Our manufacture and supply costs and expenses are impacted by our customers supply requirements. Costs of production reflect the costs of raw materials that are purchased at market prices and production efficiency (measured by the cost of a salable unit). These costs can increase or decrease based on the amount of direct labor and materials required to produce a product and the allocation of fixed overhead, which is dependent on the levels of production. 
 We expect to continue to seek to rationalize and manage costs to prepare for a potential decline in Suboxone volumes as the generics in that market continue to take market share, at least partially offset by anticipated manufacturing revenue of our proprietary and licensed products. In addition to our proprietary products coming online, we may add licensee products which may need additional resources to manufacture. If such growth should occur for higher volume product opportunities such as Suboxone and Ondansetron, we would incur increased costs associated with hiring additional personnel to support the increased manufacturing and supply costs arising from higher manufactured volumes from licensed products. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Since our inception, we have focused significant resources on our research and development activities. Research and development expenses primarily consist of: 
 employee-related expenses, including compensation, benefits, share-based compensation and travel expense; 
 external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as CROs, investigational sites and consultants; 
 the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical study materials; and 
 costs associated with preclinical and clinical activities and regulatory operations. 
 We expect our research and development expenses to continue to be significant over the next several years as we continue to develop existing product candidates such as Anaphylm, AQST-108 and others, and as we identify and develop or acquire additional product candidates and technologies. We may hire or engage additional skilled colleagues or third parties to perform these activities, conduct clinical trials and ultimately seek regulatory approvals for any product candidate that successfully completes those clinical trials. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, share-based compensation, other related costs for executive, finance, and operational personnel. Other costs include facility and related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses such as: professional fees for patent-related and other legal expenses, regulatory fees, consulting, tax and accounting services; insurance; market research; advisory board and key opinion leaders; depreciation; and general corporate expenses, inclusive of IT systems related costs. In addition, these expenses also include warehousing, distribution, selling and business development, engineering, and other costs. 
 Our general and administrative costs include costs related to accounting, audit, legal regulatory, and tax-related services required to maintain compliance with exchange listing and SEC regulations, director and officer insurance costs, and investor and public relations costs. We continue to incur significant costs in seeking to protect our intellectual property rights, including significant litigation costs in connection with seeking to enforce our rights concerning third parties at-risk launch of generic products. 
 We will continue to manage business costs to prepare for a potential future decline in Suboxone revenue and other external factors affecting our business, as we continue to focus on our core business: 
 Continuing the development of Anaphylm and AQST-108; and 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Commercializing Libervant after approval from the FDA on April 26, 2024 for the acute treatment of intermittent, stereotypic episodes of frequent seizure activity that are distinct from a patient s usual seizure pattern in pediatric patients with epilepsy between two and five years of age. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest costs on the outstanding balances of our 12.5 Notes and 13.5 Notes at a fixed rate of 12.5 and 13.5 , respectively, payable quarterly, as well as amortization of loan costs and debt discounts. The redemption of 12.5 Notes and the issuance of 13.5 Notes are discussed in Note 13, Long-Term Debt , to our Condensed Financial Statements. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for further detail on our 12.5 Notes and 13.5 Notes. 
 Interest expense related to royalty obligations 
 In connection with the issuance of the 13.5 Notes, we entered into the Royalty Rights Agreements with each of the Note Holders granting the Note Holders a tiered royalty between 1.0 and 2.0 of annual worldwide net sales of Anaphylm (epinephrine) Sublingual Film for a period of eight years from the first sale of Anaphylm on a global basis. The Note Holders are also entitled to a tiered royalty between 1.0 to 2.0 of annual worldwide net sales of Libervant (diazepam) Buccal Film until the earlier of (1) the first sale of Anaphylm and (2) eight years from the first sale of Libervant. These royalty agreements are classified as debt, and the value of the 45,000 13.5 Notes has been allocated between debt and the Royalty Obligations based on their relative fair market values. The excess of future estimated royalty payments of 56,926 over the 13,856 of the allocated fair value is recognized as a discount related to the Royalty Right Agreements and is amortized as interest expense using the effective interest method. The 13.5 Notes are discussed in Note 13, Long-Term Debt to our Condensed Financial Statements . 
 Interest expense related to the sale of future revenue 
 On November 3, 2020, we entered into the Monetization Agreement with Marathon. Under the terms of the Monetization Agreement, we sold to Marathon all of our contractual rights to receive royalties and milestone payments due under the Sunovion License Agreement related to Sunovion s apomorphine product, KYNMOBI, an apomorphine film therapy for the treatment of off episodes in Parkinson s disease patients, which received approval from the FDA on May 21, 2020. In exchange for the sale of these rights, we received an upfront payment from Marathon of 40,000 and an additional payment of 10,000 through the achievement of the first milestone. We have received an aggregate amount of 50,000 through September 30, 2024 under the Monetization Agreement. 
 Under the Monetization Agreement, additional contingent payments of up to 75,000 may be due to us upon the achievement of worldwide royalty and other commercial targets within a specified timeframe, which could result in total potential proceeds of 125,000. In June 2023, Sunovion announced that it has voluntarily withdrawn KYNMOBI from the U.S. and Canadian markets. Therefore, we likely will not receive any of the additional contingent payments under the Monetization agreement. We discontinued recording interest expense related to the sale of future revenue under the Monetization agreement in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, under the Sunovion License Agreement, we recognized 8,000 of royalty revenue and corresponding royalty receivable, related to the 1,000 annual minimum guaranteed royalty that is due in each of the subsequent eight years. In connection with the Monetization Agreement, we performed an assessment under ASC 860, Transfer and Servicing to determine whether the existing receivable was transferred to Marathon and concluded that the receivable was not transferred. See Note 15, Sale of Future Revenue, to our Condensed Financial Statements for further detail. 
 Interest income and other income, net 
 Interest income and other income, net consists of earnings derived from an interest-bearing account, investments in money market Treasury mutual funds and other miscellaneous income and expense items. The interest-bearing account and money market Treasury mutual funds have no minimum amounts to be maintained in the accounts nor any fixed length of period for which interest and dividends are earned. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenues : 
 The following table sets forth our revenue data for the periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except 2024 2023 2024 2023 Manufacture and supply revenue 10,671 11,409 (738) (6 29,312 32,807 (3,495) (11 License and royalty revenue 2,162 1,103 1,059 96 14,514 3,503 11,011 314 Co-development and research fees 492 490 2 1,651 1,067 584 55 Proprietary product revenue, net 217 217 N/M 217 217 N/M Total revenues 13,542 13,002 540 4 45,694 37,377 8,317 22 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total revenues increased 4 , or 540 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to a certain one-time increase in license and royalty revenue, partially offset by decreases in manufacture and supply revenue. 
 Manufacture and supply revenue decreased approximately 6 , or 738 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to a 13 , or 1,412 decrease in Suboxone revenues and a 690 decrease in Sympazan revenues, partially offset by a 1,123 increase in Ondif revenue that was attributable to an increase in volume. 
 License and royalty revenue increased 96 , or 1,059 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to the one-time recognition of deferred revenue of 1,227 due to the termination of a licensing and supply agreement. 
 Co-development and research fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 remained relatively consistent compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Proprietary product revenue, net increased by 217 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to the launch of Libervant for patients between two to five years of age. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total revenues increased 22 , or 8,317 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to certain one-time increases in license and royalty revenue and increases in co-development and research fees, partially offset by decreases in manufacture and supply revenue. 
 Manufacture and supply revenue decreased approximately 11 , or 3,495 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to a 39 , or 1,329 decrease in Ondif revenue attributable to a decrease in volume and a 7 , or 1,902 decrease in Suboxone revenue mainly due to retroactive price increases in the prior period that were not present in 2024. These decreases were partially offset by a 684 increase in Exservan revenues from Zambon. As part of the Indivior Amendment 11 to the Commercial Exploitation Agreement, we received retroactive price increases related to 2022 Suboxone purchases in the amount of 1,682 which was recognized in Manufacture and supply revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were no retroactive price adjustments included in Manufacture and supply revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 License and royalty revenue increased 314 , or 11,011 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to the one-time recognition of deferred revenues of 11,544 due to the terminations of licensing and supply agreements. These increases were partially offset by a 500 decrease in license revenue recognized in the prior period for Azstarys from Zevra. 
 Co-development and research fees increased 55 or 584 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was driven by the timing of the achievement of Co-development and research performance obligations which are expected to fluctuate among reporting periods. 
 Proprietary product revenue, net increased by 217 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to the launch of Libervant for patients between two to five years of age. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Expenses, Interest Income and Other Income: 
 
 The following table sets forth our expenses and income for the periods indicated. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands, except 2024 2023 2024 2023 Manufacture and supply 4,437 4,798 (361) (8 13,352 16,152 (2,800) (17 Research and development 5,269 3,196 2,073 65 15,363 10,216 5,147 50 Selling, general and administrative 12,126 7,385 4,741 64 34,171 22,200 11,971 54 Interest expense 2,780 1,256 1,524 121 8,343 4,064 4,279 105 Interest expense related to royalty obligations 
 1,359 1,359 N/M 4,075 4,075 N/M Interest expense related to the sale of future revenue 
 59 56 3 5 175 163 12 7 Interest income and other income, net 
 (979) (1,514) 535 (35) (2,703) (16,156) 13,453 (83) Loss on extinguishment of debt (353) 353 N/M 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Manufacture and supply costs and expenses decreased 8 or 361 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease was largely due to lower volume of strips sold, changes in product mix and lower direct production costs. 
 Research and development expenses increased 65 or 2,073 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in Research and development expenses is primarily due to clinical trial costs and product research expenses associated with the continued advancement of the Anaphylm program, and an increase in share-based compensation. The tables below provide a breakdown of the major costs included in total Research and development expenses and project costs by type of expense for each of the main clinical development projects in which we are engaged for each period presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (In thousands) 2024 2023 Clinical Trials 2,107 817 1,290 158 Development and Manufacturing 44 229 (185) (81 Product Research Expenses 426 79 347 439 Total Project Expenses 
 2,577 1,125 1,452 129 Preclinical 313 206 107 52 R D personnel costs 1,574 1,525 49 3 Consulting and outside services 
 180 75 105 140 Share-based compensation 
 310 104 206 198 Depreciation/amortization 
 16 22 (6) (27 All other R D 
 299 139 160 115 Total 5,269 3,196 2,073 65 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The details of the project expenses are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total inc / dec Anaphylm 
 inc / dec AQST-108 inc / dec Libervant 
 inc / 
 dec 
 Clinical Trials 2,107 817 158 2,107 817 158 N/M N/M Development and Manufacturing 44 229 (81 68 229 (70 (5) N/M (19) N/M Product Research Expenses 426 79 439 426 79 439 N/M N/M Total Project Expenses 
 2,577 1,125 129 2,601 1,125 131 (5) N/M (19) N/M 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total project expenses for Anaphylm increased 131 , or 1,476 over the comparable period in 2023. Anaphylm clinical trial expenses and product research expenses increased 1,290 and 347, respectively, over the comparable period in 2023, partially offset by decreases in development and manufacturing of 161. Clinical trial expenses for Anaphylm of 2,107 were primarily due to clinical trial costs associated with the continued advancement of the Anaphylm program. Product research expenses for Anaphylm increased 347, or 439 , primarily related to expenses incurred for the preparation of the NDA filing. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, clinical trial expenses for Anaphylm of 817 were related to the activities leading up to the Phase 3 PK Study. 
 R D share-based compensation increased by 206, or 198 primarily related to the effect of new grants in 2024 to R D personnel. All other R D expenses include rent, utilities, maintenance and other expenses and fees. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 64 or 4,741 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase primarily represents higher personnel costs of approximately 900, higher consulting and market access costs of 890, higher share-based compensation expenses of 555, higher regulatory and licensing fees of 520 related to the regulatory fee for Libervant, higher expenses of 1,484 due to a change in the allocation of manufacture and supply costs compared to the prior period and other expenses, partially offset by decreases in other general and administrative costs including insurance expense. 
 Interest expense increased 121 or 1,524 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was mostly driven by the increased amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts on the 13.5 Notes refinancing in November 2023 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest expense related to royalty obligations represents amortization of the discount on the royalty obligations. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the amount was 1,359. This amount is due to the accounting associated with the royalty obligations as part of the 13.5 Notes issuance. There were no expenses related to the royalty obligations in the same period in 2023. 
 Interest expense related to the sale of future revenue was 59 and 56 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and represents amortization of the issuance costs. These amounts are due to the accounting associated with the sale of future revenue related to KYNMOBI royalties sold to Marathon on November 3, 2020 and do not represent or imply a monetary obligation or cash outflow at any time during the life of the transaction. In June 2023, Sunovion announced that it had voluntarily withdrawn KYNMOBI from the U.S. and Canadian markets. Therefore, the Company likely will not receive any of the additional contingent payments under the Monetization agreement. As a result, the Company discontinued recording interest expense related to the sale of future revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. See Note 15, Sale of Future Revenue to our Condensed Financial Statements for details. 
 Interest income and other income, net was 979 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 which primarily represents higher investment income due to higher cash balances invested in interest-bearing and dividend-earning money market accounts. Interest income and other income, net was 1,514 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 which primarily represented the receipt of the Employee Retention Tax Credit refund. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Manufacture and supply costs and expenses decreased 17 or 2,800 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease was largely due to lower volume of strips sold, changes in product mix, and lower direct production costs. 
 Research and development expenses increased 50 or 5,147 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in Research and development expenses is primarily due to clinical trial costs associated with the continued advancement of the Anaphylm and AQST-108 programs, increases in personnel costs, and an increase in share-based compensation. The tables below provide a breakdown of the major costs included in total Research and development expenses and project costs by type of expense for each of the main clinical development projects in which we are engaged for each period presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Clinical Trials 7,194 3,397 3,797 112 Development and Manufacturing 238 550 (312) (57 Product Research Expenses 798 503 295 59 Total Project Expenses 
 8,230 4,450 3,780 85 Preclinical 550 327 223 68 R D personnel costs 4,839 4,332 507 12 Consulting and outside services 
 239 278 (39) (14 Share-based compensation 
 788 277 511 184 Depreciation/amortization 
 54 70 (16) (23 All other R D 
 663 482 181 38 Total 15,363 10,216 5,147 50 
 
 The details of the project expenses are as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total inc / dec Anaphylm 
 inc / dec AQST-108 inc / dec Libervant 
 inc / 
 dec 
 Clinical Trials 7,194 3,397 112 6,591 3,381 95 586 N/M 17 16 6 Development and Manufacturing 238 550 (57 247 550 (55 10 N/M (19) N/M Product Research Expenses 798 503 59 610 288 112 188 N/M 215 N/M Total Project Expenses 
 8,230 4,450 85 7,448 4,219 77 784 N/M (2) 231 N/M 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total project expenses for Anaphylm increased 77 , or 3,229 over the comparable period in 2023. Clinical trial expenses and product research expenses for Anaphylm increased 3,210 and 322, respectively, over the comparable period in 2023 offset by decreases in development and manufacturing of 303. Clinical trial expenses for Anaphylm of 6,591 were primarily due to clinical trial costs associated with the continued advancement of the Anaphylm program. Clinical trial expenses for Anaphylm of 3,381 were related to the activities leading up to the Phase 3 PK Study. Total project expenses for AQST-108 increased 784 over the comparable period in 2023 and were related to feasibility work for AQST-108. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, product research expenses for Libervant of 215 were primarily due to data integration and modeling work. 
 R D personnel costs increased by 12 , or 507, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. as compared to the same period in 2023, due to additional headcount. R D share-based compensation increased by 511, or 184 , which was 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 primarily related to awards granted to our Chief Medical Officer upon his commencement of employment and the effect of new grants in 2024 to R D personnel. All other R D expenses include rent, utilities, maintenance and other expenses and fees. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 54 or 11,971 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase primarily represents higher personnel costs of approximately 2,500, higher consulting and market access costs of approximately 1,830, higher share-based compensation expenses of 1,800, one-time severance costs of approximately 1,100, higher regulatory and licensing fees of approximately 880 related to the regulatory fee for Libervant, higher expenses of 4,100 due to a year-over-year change in the allocation of manufacture and supply costs, and other expenses, partially offset by lower legal fees of 940 and decreases in other general and administrative costs including insurance expense. 
 Interest expense increased 105 or 4,279 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was mostly driven by the increased amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts on the 13.5 Notes refinancing in November 2023 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest expense related to royalty obligations represents amortization of the discount on the royalty obligations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount was 4,075. This amount is due to the accounting associated with the royalty obligations as part of the 13.5 Notes issuance. There were no expenses related to the royalty obligations in the same period in 2023. 
 Interest expense related to the sale of future revenue was 175 and 163 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and represents amortization of the issuance costs. These amounts are due to the accounting associated with the sale of future revenue related to KYNMOBI royalties sold to Marathon on November 3, 2020 and do not represent or imply a monetary obligation or cash outflow at any time during the life of the transaction. In June 2023, Sunovion announced that it had voluntarily withdrawn KYNMOBI from the U.S. and Canadian markets. Therefore, the Company likely will not receive any of the additional contingent payments under the Monetization agreement. As a result, the Company discontinued recording interest expense related to the sale of future revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. See Note 15, Sale of Future Revenue to our Condensed Financial Statements for details. 
 Interest and other income, net was 2,703 and 16,156 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease by 13,453 is due to other income of 6,000 related to the Amendment 11 to the Indivior Commercial Exploitation Agreement, 8,500 related to the patent litigation settlement with BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. and the receipt of the ERTC, which were recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and did not occur during the comparable period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a gain of 1,500 on the termination of a license and supply agreement, which was partially offset by the adjustment of 1,200 to the remaining balance of the intangible asset due to the termination of the agreement; we also recognized higher interest income by 2,100 due to higher cash balances invested in interest-bearing and dividend-earning money market accounts. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We had 77,893 in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024. While our ability to execute our business objectives and achieve profitability over the longer term cannot be assured, our on-going business, existing cash and cash equivalents, expense management activities, as well as access to the equity capital markets, including through the ATM facility and under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, provide near term liquidity for us to fund our operating needs for at least the next twelve months as we continue to execute our business strategy. As discussed below, on November 1, 2023, we issued 45,000 in aggregate principal amount of 13.5 Notes due November 1, 2028. A portion of the net proceeds from this transaction was used to redeem all of the outstanding 12.5 Notes and to pay expenses relating to that offering, with the balance of the proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. 
 On October 7, 2021, we entered into the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, pursuant to which the amortization schedule for the 12.5 Notes was amended to provide for the date of the first amortization payment to be extended to March 30, 2023. The Fourth Supplemental Indenture did not change the maturity date of the 12.5 Notes or the interest payment obligation due under the 12.5 Notes. In connection with the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, we entered into a Consent Fee Letter with the holders of the 12.5 Notes, pursuant to which we agreed to pay the holders of the 12.5 Notes an additional cash payment of 2,700 in the aggregate, payable in four quarterly payments beginning May 15, 2022. The last quarterly payment was made during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we redeemed 5,647 of our outstanding 12.5 Notes. We also paid 353 in prepayment premium as result of the early retirement of debt which was reflected as a loss on extinguishment of debt in our Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the nine months ended September 30, 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 2023. The prepayments along with the scheduled principal payments of 6,878 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reduced the net balance of the 12.5 Notes outstanding in the aggregate to 38,975 as of September 30, 2023. 
 We established our first ATM facility in September 2019, and since inception to September 30, 2024, we have sold 19,857,518 shares of Common Stock which has generated net cash proceeds of approximately 60,558, net of commissions and other transactions costs of 3,085. On April 3, 2024, we filed a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to register the offer and sale of up to 250,000 worth of shares of Common Stock ("Registration Statement No. 333-278498" or the "2024 Registration Statement"), that was declared effective by the SEC on April 23, 2024. Included as part of the 2024 Registration Statement was a 100,000 ATM facility pursuant to the Amended Equity Distribution Agreement with Piper Sandler Co. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no shares of Common Stock sold under the ATM facility. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 4,557,220 shares of Common Stock under the ATM facility which provided net proceeds of approximately 11,855 after deducting commissions and other transaction costs of 530. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold 3,184,740 shares under the ATM facility which provided net proceeds of approximately 5,274 after deducting commissions and other transaction costs of 392. 
 On April 12, 2022, we entered into the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park up to 40,000 worth of shares of our Common Stock from time to time over the 36-month term of the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement. The Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement contains an ownership limitation such that we will not issue, and Lincoln Park will not purchase, shares of Common Stock if it would result in their beneficial ownership exceeding 9.99 . Lincoln Park has covenanted under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement not to cause or engage in any manner whatsoever, any direct or indirect short selling or hedging of our Common Stock. In 2022, we sold 1,600,000 shares in addition to 236,491 commitment shares, which provided proceeds of approximately 1,987 in connection with the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement . We did not sell shares in connection with the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement in 2023 or in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We have no current intent to use the Lincoln Park facility. 
 On June 6, 2022, we entered into the Securities Purchase Agreements with certain purchasers. The Securities Purchase Agreements provide for the sale and issuance by us of an aggregate of: (i) 4,850,000 shares of Common Stock, (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (iii) Common Stock warrants to purchase up to 8,850,000 shares of Common Stock. The pre-funded warrants were fully exercised in 2022. In June 2023, 3,689,452 Common Stock warrants issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements were exercised with proceeds of approximately 3,542. 
 In August 2023, we entered into the Letter Agreement with the Exercising Holder of 5,000,000 of the remaining Common Stock Warrants. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Exercising Holder and Aquestive agreed that the Exercising Holder would exercise all of its Existing Warrants at the then current exercise price of the Existing Warrants. The Exercising Holder subsequently exercised the Existing Warrants, with Aquestive receiving gross proceeds of 4,800. We also issued to the Exercising Holder New Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,750,000 shares of Common Stock. The New Warrants are exercisable after February 2, 2024, expire on February 2, 2029 and are exercisable only for cash, unless the shares of Common Stock underlying the New Warrants are not registered in accordance with the terms of the Letter Agreement, in which case the New Warrants may also be exercised by means of a "cashless exercise". The New Warrants have an exercise price of 2.60 per share. 
 On November 1, 2023, we issued 45,000 aggregate principal amount of its 13.5 Notes due November 1, 2028. A portion of the net proceeds from that offering was used to redeem all of the outstanding 12.5 Notes and to pay expenses relating to that offering, with the balance of the proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. Interest on the 13.5 Notes accrues at a rate of 13.5 per annum and is payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year commencing on December 30, 2023. The 13.5 Notes are interest-only until June 30, 2026, whereupon on such date and each payment date thereafter we will also pay an installment of principal of the 13.5 Notes pursuant to a fixed amortization schedule, along with a portion of an Exit Fee determined as of the applicable date of prepayment, payment, acceleration, repurchase or redemption, as the case may be. 
 On March 22, 2024, we completed the Underwritten Public Offering of 16,666,667 shares of our common stock at the public offering price of 4.50 per share. In addition, pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters' option, on April 22, 2024, we sold an additional 559,801 shares of Common Stock. Net proceeds from the Underwritten Public Offering, including the exercise of underwriters' option were 72,868, after deducting underwriting discounts of 4,651. In addition to the underwriting discounts related to this offering, we incurred professional fees and other costs totaling 894 as of September 30, 2024. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash used for operating activities 
 (29,270) (1,438) Net cash used for investing activities 
 (144) (979) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 83,435 61 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 54,021 (2,356) 
 Net cash used for operating activities 
 Net cash used for operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 27,832 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in cash used for operating activities was primarily related to the change in net (loss) income of 27,323 and deferred revenue of 15,021, which was attributed to the recognition of deferred revenues due to the termination of license and supply agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by decreases in trade and other receivables of 1,949. Other changes were mainly due to higher amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts of 7,841 on the 13.5 Notes refinancing in November 2023 and an increase in share-based compensation of 2,947 as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net cash used for investing activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 835 compared to the same period in the prior year. The use of cash was related to capital expenditures. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 83,374 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily related to the Underwritten Public Offering which provided net proceeds of 71,974, higher ATM proceeds of 6,543 due to higher volumes and Common Stock prices as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These increases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were also due to absence of 12.5 Notes principal payments and premium paid to retire debt partially offset by no proceeds received from the issuance and exercise of the warrants as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Funding Requirements 
 Our on-going business, existing cash and equivalents, expense management activities as well as access to the equity capital markets, including through our ATM facility, potentially provide near term funding opportunities for Aquestive, see Liquidity and Capital Resources . On November 1, 2023, we issued 45,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 13.5 Notes due November 1, 2028. A portion of the net proceeds from that offering were used to redeem all of the outstanding 12.5 Notes and to pay expenses relating to that offering, with the balance of the proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. 
 On March 22, 2024, we completed the Underwritten Public Offering of 16,666,667 shares of our common stock at the public offering price of 4.50 per share. In addition, pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters' option, on April 22, 2024, we sold an additional 559,801 shares of Common Stock. Net proceeds from the Underwritten Public Offering, including the exercise of underwriters' option were 72,868 after deducting underwriting discounts of 4,651. In addition to the underwriting discounts related to this offering, we incurred professional fees and other costs totaling 894 as of September 30, 2024. 
 We intend to use the net proceeds received from these transactions, together with the Company s existing cash and cash equivalents, primarily to advance the development and commercialization of the Company's product pipeline, including Libervant, for the treatment of seizure clusters in epilepsy patients between two and five years of age, and Anaphylm, and for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. We can provide no assurance that any of these sources of funding, either individually or in combination, will be available on reasonable terms, if at all, or sufficient to fund our business objectives. In addition, we may be required to utilize available financial resources sooner than expected. We have based our expectation on assumptions that could change or prove to be inaccurate, due to unrelated factors including factors arising in the capital markets, asset monetization markets, regulatory approval process, and regulatory oversight and other factors. Key factors and assumptions inherent in our planned continued operations and anticipated growth include, without limitation, those related to the following: 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 continued ability of our customers to pay, in a timely manner, for presently contracted and future anticipated orders for our manufactured products, including effects of generics and other competitive pressures as currently envisioned; 
 continued ability of our customers to pay, in a timely manner, for presently contracted and future anticipated orders for provided co-development and feasibility services, as well as regulatory support services for recently licensed products; 
 access to debt or equity markets if, and at the time, needed for any necessary future funding, including our ability to access funding through our ATM facility and under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, should we choose to access those facilities; 
 continuing review and appropriate adjustment of our cost structure consistent with our anticipated revenues and funding; 
 continued growth and market penetration of Sympazan, including anticipated patient and physician acceptance and our licensee s ability to obtain adequate reimbursement and payment support from government agencies and other private medical insurers; 
 effective commercialization within anticipated cost levels and expected ramp-up timeframes of our product Libervant for pediatric patients between two and five years of age; 
 infrastructure and administrative costs at expected levels to support operations as an FDA and highly regulated public company; 
 a manageable level of costs for ongoing efforts to protect our intellectual property rights and litigation matters in which we are involved; 
 continued compliance with all covenants under our 13.5 Notes, including our ability to comply with our debt service obligations as required thereunder; and 
 absence of significant unforeseen cash requirements. 
 We expect to continue to manage business costs to appropriately reflect the anticipated general decline in Suboxone revenue, and other external resources or factors affecting our business including, if available, future equity financing, other future access to the capital markets or other potential available sources of liquidity. In doing so, we plan to continue to focus on the core drivers of value for our stockholders, including, more importantly, continued investments in our ongoing product development activities in support of Anaphylm and AQST-108. Until profitability is achieved, if at all, additional capital and/or other financing or funding will be required, which could be material, to further advance the commercialization of Libervant for pediatric patients between two and five years of age and development and commercialization of Anaphylm and AQST-108, if approved by the FDA, and to meet our other cash requirements, including debt service, specifically our 13.5 Notes. We plan to conservatively manage our launch spending as to both timing and level relating to Libervant in light of the approval of Libervant by the FDA for patients between two and five years of age. Even as such, we expect to incur losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future and, therefore, we expect to be dependent upon external financing and funding to achieve our operating plan. 
 The sufficiency of our short-term and longer-term liquidity is directly impacted by our level of operating revenues and our ability to achieve our operating plan for revenues, regulatory approval in the time period planned for our product candidates and our ability to monetize other royalty streams or other licensed rights within planned timeframes, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any monetization transaction. Our operating revenues have fluctuated in the past and can be expected to fluctuate in the future. We expect to incur significant operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future, and we have a significant level of debt on which we have substantial ongoing interest payments, have principal repayments related to our 13.5 Notes starting in June 2026 through the debt maturity date and royalty obligation payments projected to be made from the fourth quarter of 2024 to 2033, which are further discussed in Note 13, Long-Term Debt to our Condensed Financial Statements. A substantial portion of our current and past revenues has been dependent upon our licensing, manufacturing and sales with one customer, Indivior, which is expected to continue, and it could take significantly longer than planned to achieve anticipated levels of cash flows to help fund our operations and cash needs. 
 To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuance of equity securities, our stockholders would experience further dilution, and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences (if and to the extent permitted under the Indenture) that would adversely affect our stockholders rights. Our ability to secure additional equity financing could be significantly impacted by numerous factors including our operating performance and prospects, positive or negative developments in the regulatory approval process for our product candidates, our existing level of debt which is secured by substantially all of our assets under the Indenture, and general financial market conditions, and there can be no assurance that 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 we will continue to be successful in raising capital or that any such needed financing will be available on favorable or acceptable terms, if at all. 
 If adequate funds are not available for our short-term or longer-term liquidity needs and cash requirements as and when needed, we would be required to engage in expense management activities such as reducing staff, delaying, significantly scaling back, or even discontinuing some or all of our current or planned launch activities and research and development programs and clinical and other product development activities, and otherwise significantly reducing our other spending and adjusting our operating plan, and we would need to seek to take other steps intended to improve our liquidity. We also may seek outlicensing opportunities for our proprietary products and product candidate programs that we currently plan to self-commercialize, including for Libervant and Anaphylm, or explore other potential liquidity options or strategic opportunities. Such strategic opportunities could include asset sales, outlicensing or other monetization opportunities of our proprietary products and product candidates, including Libervant and Anaphylm, although we cannot assure that any of these actions or opportunities would be available or available on reasonable terms. While an outlicensing of our proprietary products and product candidates, if approved by the FDA, could limit our exposure to the costs of commercialization of the product and provide a potential source of royalty and milestone revenues, the benefit from the potential of additional future value that could result from our independent commercialization of these products and product candidates, assuming a successful launch of our proprietary products and product candidates, if approved by the FDA, would likely be limited. In addition, in the event of any such asset sales or outlicensing transactions, the future growth of the Company would be dependent on continued successful development or our early stage product candidates and/or asset acquisitions or other strategic transactions for the Company. There is no assurance that any such outlicensing or other strategic opportunities will be available or available on reasonable terms. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the period presented, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements, nor do we have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item 3. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including to our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(b) and 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act), identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during our last fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 For more information on Legal Proceedings, see Part I Item I. Financial Statements (Unaudited), Note 19, Contingencies . 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully review and consider the information regarding certain risks and uncertainties facing the Company that could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and available capital resources set forth in Part I, Item 1A of Aquestive s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. 
 a written sales plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act (the "Barber Plan") on . The Barber Plan commenced on September 13, 2024 and ends on . The maximum number of shares to be sold under the Barber Plan is shares and no shares have been sold as of the date of this Report; the actual number of shares sold will be dependent on the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Barber Plan. 
 a written sales plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act (the "Boyd Plan") on . The Boyd Plan commences on December 13, 2024 and ends on . The maximum number of shares to be sold under the Boyd Plan is shares; the actual number of shares sold will be dependent on the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Boyd Plan. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed or furnished as part of this report. 
 Number Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of July 27, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, as filed on July 27, 2018, and incorporated by reference herein). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated as of October 16, 2024 (filed herewith). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL document and contained in exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the County of Somerset, State of New Jersey. 
 Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (REGISTRANT) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Daniel Barber Daniel Barber President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ A. Ernest Toth, Jr. A. Ernest Toth, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 52 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 aquestiveamendedandresta.htm
 EX-3.2

aquestiveamendedandresta 

120172535.2 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF AQUESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. (As of October 16, 2024) ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS Section 1. The annual meeting of the stockholders of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Corporation for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held on such date, and at such time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may be determined exclusively from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board ). The Corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled. Section 2. Except as otherwise required by law or the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock (as defined in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation), special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by or at the direction of the Board, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of the majority of the members of the Board then in office or by the Chair of the Board. The Corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled. Section 3. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, notice of the date, time, place (if any), the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes of the meeting of stockholders, shall be given not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of each meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting at such address as appears on the records of the Corporation. Section 4. The holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation; but, if at any meeting of stockholders there shall be less than a quorum present, the chair of the meeting or, by a majority in voting power thereof, the stockholders present may, to the extent permitted by law, adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice other than announcement at such meeting of the date, time and place, if any, of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented by proxy. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented by proxy, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. When a meeting is adjourned to another date, time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of any adjourned meeting if the date, time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (A) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (B) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meetings by means of remote communication, or (C) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Article I, Section 3 of these Bylaws; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

2 Section 5. The Chair of the Board, or in the Chair s absence or at the Chair s direction, the Chief Executive Officer, or in the Chief Executive Officer s absence or at the Chief Executive Officer s direction, any officer of the Corporation, shall call all meetings of the stockholders to order and shall act as chair of any such meetings. The Secretary of the Corporation or, in such officer s absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of the meeting. If neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present, the chair of the meeting shall appoint a secretary of the meeting. The Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Unless otherwise determined by the Board prior to the meeting, the chair of the meeting shall determine the order of business and agenda and shall have the authority in his or her discretion to regulate the conduct of any such meeting, including, without limitation, convening the meeting and adjourning the meeting (whether or not a quorum is present), announcing the date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote, imposing restrictions on the persons (other than stockholders of record of the Corporation or their duly appointed proxies) who may attend any such meeting, establishing procedures for the transaction of business at the meeting (including the dismissal of business not properly presented), maintaining order at the meeting and safety of those present, restricting entry to the meeting after the time fixed for commencement thereof, limiting the circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions at any meeting of stockholders, and limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants at such meeting. Section 6. At all meetings of stockholders, any stockholder entitled to vote thereat shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for the stockholder as proxy pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority: (A) a stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for the stockholder as proxy, and execution of the writing may be accomplished by the stockholder or the stockholder s authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing his or her signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means including, but not limited to, by facsimile or electronic signature; or (B) a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for the stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing by means of electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission; provided that any such means of electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such electronic transmissions are valid, the inspector or inspectors of stockholder votes or, if there are no such inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information upon which they relied. A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if and only as long as it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary of the Corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to the first paragraph of this Section 6 may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. Proxies shall be filed with the secretary of the meeting prior to or at the commencement of the meeting to which they relate. Section 7. When a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders, the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, these Bylaws or the DGCL a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 7, where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required and a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shares of such class or series 

3 or classes or series shall be the act of such class or series or classes or series, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, these Bylaws or the DGCL a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Section 8. (A) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. (B) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such other action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. Section 9. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, no later than the tenth (10th) day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder, as both appear in the records of the Corporation. Nothing contained in this Section 9 shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date: (A) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting; or (B) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Section 10. The Board, in advance of all meetings of the stockholders, may (and, if required by law, shall) appoint one or more inspectors of stockholder votes to make a written report thereof, who may be employees or agents of the Corporation or stockholders or their proxies, but who shall not be directors of the Corporation or candidates for election as directors. In the event that the Board fails to so appoint one or more inspectors of stockholder votes or, in the event that one or more inspectors of stockholder votes previously designated by the Board fails to appear or act at the meeting of stockholders, the chair of the meeting may appoint one or more inspectors of stockholder votes to fill such vacancy or vacancies or such position or positions. Inspectors of stockholder votes appointed to act at any meeting of the stockholders, before entering upon the discharge of their duties, shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of inspector of stockholder votes with strict impartiality and according to the best of their ability and the oath so taken shall be subscribed by them. Inspectors of stockholder votes shall take all actions required under the applicable provisions of the DGCL and any other applicable law, rule or regulation. 

4 Section 11. (A) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (a) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) delivered pursuant to Article I, Section 3 of these Bylaws, (b) by or at the direction of the Board or any authorized committee thereof or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote on such election or such other business at the meeting, who complied with the procedures and information requirements set forth in this Section 11, including without limitation providing timely updates and supplements to the information contained therein, and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. (2) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, and, in the case of business other than nominations of persons for election to the Board, such other business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal place of business of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that, in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than twenty (20) days, or delayed by more than seventy (70) days, from the anniversary date of the previous year s meeting, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. For purposes of the application of Rule 14a-4(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Exchange Act (or any successor provision), the date for notice specified in this paragraph (A)(2) shall be the earlier of the date calculated as hereinbefore provided or the date specified in paragraph (c)(1) of Rule 14a-4 of the Exchange Act. The stockholder of record providing notice (the Noticing Stockholder of a proposed nomination for election to the Board or other business proposed to be brought before a meeting (whether given pursuant to this paragraph (A)(2) or paragraph (B) of this Section 11 of these Bylaws) shall update and supplement such notice from time to time to the extent necessary so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting and as of the date that is fifteen (15) days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, provided that, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting is less than fifteen (15) days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, the information shall be supplemented and updated as of such later date. Any such update and supplement shall be delivered in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal place of business of the Corporation not later than five (5) days after the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting (in the case of any update or supplement required to be made as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), not later than ten (10) days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update or supplement required to be made as of fifteen (15) days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof) and not later than five (5) days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, but no later than the day prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of a date less than fifteen (15) days prior the date of the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). (3) To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary of the Corporation pursuant to this Section 11 shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the Nominating Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee; (ii) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee; (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock (as defined in the certificate of incorporation) of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by the nominee; (iv) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, including such person s written consent to being named as a nominee in any proxy statement or proxy card relating to the applicable meeting of stockholders and to serving as a director if elected; (v) a complete and accurate description of all direct and indirect compensation and 

5 other monetary or non-monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings (whether written or oral) existing presently, that existed during the past two (2) years or were offered during the past two (2) years (whether accepted or declined), and any other material relationships, between or among the Nominating Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, on the one hand, and the proposed nominee, and any member of the immediate family of the nominee, and the nominee s respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, or any other person or persons, on the other hand (including the names of such persons) and all biographical, related party transaction and other information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to the federal and state securities laws, including Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (or any successor provision), if any Nominating Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and such nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant; (vi) whether such nominee has notified the board of directors of each publicly listed company at which such nominee serves as an officer or director with respect to such person s proposed nomination for election to the Board of Directors, and, as applicable, received all necessary consents to serve on the Board of Directors if so nominated and elected or otherwise appointed (or, if any such consents have not been received, how this is to be addressed); (vii) whether the nominee s nomination, election or appointment, as applicable, would violate a corporate governance policy of any publicly listed company at which such person serves as an officer or director, and, if so, a description of how such person intends to address such violation; (viii) the first date of contact between any Nominating Stockholder and/or Stockholder Associated Person, on the one hand, and the nominee, on the other hand, with respect to the Corporation; (ix) the amount and nature of any direct or indirect economic or financial interest, if any, of the nominee, or of any immediate family member of such nominee, in any funds or vehicles managed by, under common management with or affiliated with the Nominating Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person; and (x) a completed and signed questionnaire, written statement and agreement required by Section 11(A)(5) and any and all other information required by this Section 11; (b) as to any other business that the Noticing Stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of the Noticing Stockholder and the Stockholder Associated Person, if any; (c) as to the Noticing Stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person, (i) the name and address of each such Noticing Stockholder, as they appear on the records of the Corporation, and Stockholder Associated Person; (ii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned directly or indirectly, beneficially and of record, by such Noticing Stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person, including any shares of capital stock of the Corporation of which such Noticing Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership; (iii) all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act by each Noticing Stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person; (iv) a representation that the Noticing Stockholder is a holder of record of the stock of the Corporation at the time of the giving of the notice, will be entitled to vote at such meeting and will appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination; (v) a representation as to whether the Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group (whether at, below or above 5 in beneficial ownership) that intends to (x) deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders (including any beneficial owners pursuant to Rule 14b-1 and Rule 14b-2 of the Exchange Act) of at least the percentage of the voting power of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee, in a manner consistent with Rule 14a-16 as required by law, (y) solicit the holders of shares representing at least sixty-seven percent (67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees pursuant to Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, and/or (z) otherwise solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination; (vi) a certification by the Noticing Stockholder that each Noticing Stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person have complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with the Noticing Stockholder s and/or Stockholder Associated Person s acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of the Corporation and/or the Noticing Stockholder s and/or Stockholder Associated Person s acts or omissions as a stockholder of the Corporation; (vii) the statement required by Rule 14a-19(b)(3) of the Exchange Act (or any successor provision); (viii) any other information relating to the Noticing Stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the proposal and/or, if a nominee is being so proposed, for the 

6 election of directors in an election contest pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act; and (ix) a representation by the Noticing Stockholder as to the accuracy of the information set forth in the notice; (d) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal and/or the voting of shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation between or among the Noticing Stockholder, the Stockholder Associated Person; and (e) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including without limitation any contract to purchase or sell, acquisition or grant of any option, right or warrant to purchase or sell, swap or other instrument) to which the Noticing Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is a party, the intent or effect of which may be (i) to transfer to or from the Noticing Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security of the Corporation, (ii) to increase or decrease the voting power of the Noticing Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation and/or (iii) to provide the Noticing Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly, with the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from, or to otherwise benefit economically from, any increase or decrease in the value of any security of the Corporation. (4) The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation and to determine the independence of such director under the Exchange Act and rules and regulations thereunder and applicable stock exchange rules. (5) In addition to the other requirements of this Section 11, each nominee that a Noticing Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation must deliver in writing (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under this Section 11) to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal place of business of the Corporation (a) a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such proposed nominee, completed and executed by such proposed nominee, in the form to be provided by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request of any stockholder of record within ten (10) days of such request, and (b) a written representation and agreement, in the form to be provided by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request of any stockholder of record within ten (10) days of such request, executed by each such nominee acknowledging that such person: (i) intends to serve as a director for the full term for which he or she is standing for election, (ii) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable rules of the exchanges upon which the securities of the Corporation are listed, as well as any applicable law rule or regulation, and agrees to adhere to the Corporation s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Corporation s corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other Corporation policies and guidelines applicable to directors (which will be promptly provided following a request therefor), (iii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any nomination or other business proposal, issue, or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law, and (iv) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification that has not been disclosed to the Corporation in connection with such person s nomination for director or service as a director; (6) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (A)(2) of this Section 11 of these Bylaws to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased, effective after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under paragraph (A)(2) of this Section 11 of these Bylaws, and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Bylaw shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the 

7 day on which a public announcement of such increase is first made by the Corporation; provided that, if no such announcement is made at least ten (10) days before the meeting, then no such notice shall be required. Section 11. (B) Special Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting pursuant to Article I, Section 3 of these Bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (1) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting or (2) (a) by or at the direction of the Board or a committee thereof or (b) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote on such election at the meeting who complies with the notice procedures and information requirements set forth in this Section 11 of these Bylaws and who is a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any such stockholder entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting if the stockholder s notice, containing the same information required by, and which notice to be updated and supplemented in the same manner and at the same time or times as set forth in, paragraph (A)(2) of this Section 11 of these Bylaws, shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal place of business of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as set forth in the last sentence of paragraph (A)(3) of this Section 11 of these Bylaws. Section 11. (C) General. (1 )(a) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11 of these Bylaws shall be eligible to be elected at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11 of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, the chair of the meeting shall, in addition to making any other determination that may be appropriate for the conduct of the meeting, have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded and no vote shall be taken with respect to such proposal or nomination, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. (b) In furtherance of the foregoing and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if any Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, (a) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) of the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee for election as a director of the Corporation and (b) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) of the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence of such compliance sufficient to satisfy the Corporation in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded and no vote taken with respect to such nominee, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. If any Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) of the Exchange Act, such Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) of the Exchange Act. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, if the Noticing Stockholder (or a qualified representative of the Noticing Stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the 

8 Corporation. For purposes of this Section 11, to be considered a qualified representative of the Noticing Stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of the Noticing Stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by the Noticing Stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by the Noticing Stockholder to act for the Noticing Stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. (2) For purposes of this Section 11, public announcement shall mean disclosure (a) in a press release released by the Corporation; provided such press release is released by the Corporation following its customary procedures, is reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service, or is generally available on internet news sites, (b) in a document publicly filed or furnished by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or (c) otherwise disseminated in a manner constituting public disclosure under Regulation FD promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. (3) For purposes of this Section 11, a Stockholder Associated Person of any Noticing Stockholder shall mean (a) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation on whose behalf any nomination or proposal is made by such Noticing Stockholder and, if such Noticing Stockholder or beneficial owner is an entity, each director, executive, managing member or control person of such entity, (b) any affiliates or associates of such Noticing Stockholder or any beneficial owner described in clause (a), (c) any affiliate who controls such Noticing Stockholder or any beneficial owner described in clause (a), and (d) any person acting in concert with such Noticing Stockholder or any beneficial owner described in clause (a). (4) No adjournment or postponement or notice of adjournment or postponement of any meeting shall be deemed to constitute a new notice of such meeting for purposes of this Section 11, and in order for any notification required to be delivered by a stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 to be timely, such notification must be delivered within the periods set forth above with respect to the originally scheduled meeting. (5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Noticing Stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and all applicable state law requirements with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11; provided, however, that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act, or any applicable state law requirements, are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this Section 11 (including paragraphs (A)(1)(c) and (B) hereof), and compliance with paragraphs (A)(1)(c) and (B) of this Section 11 shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business at such meeting. (6) Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock if and to the extent provided for under law, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws. Nothing in this Section 11 shall apply to the right, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation. (7) Any Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board. (8) The number of nominees any Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person may nominate for election at an annual or special meeting of stockholders (or in the case of a Noticing Stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a Noticing Stockholder may nominate for election at an annual or special meeting of stockholders on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual or special meeting of stockholders. 

9 (9) With respect to nominations made pursuant to this Section 11, without limiting any remedy available to the Corporation, the Noticing Stockholder may not present such nominations (and any such nominee shall be disqualified from standing for election or re-election), notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if the Noticing Stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, or any nominee for director acted contrary to any representation, certification or agreement required by this Section 11 (or with any law, rule or regulation identified in this Section 11), including without limitation failure to provide timely updates and supplements as required, or provided incomplete, false or misleading information to the Corporation. ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 1. The Board shall consist, subject to the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, of such number of directors as shall from time to time be fixed exclusively by resolution adopted by the Board. Directors shall (except as hereinafter provided for the filling of vacancies and newly created directorships and except as otherwise expressly provided in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation) be elected by the holders of a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of such directors. A majority of the total number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided by law, these Bylaws or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board. Directors need not be stockholders. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof, a majority of the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. Section 2. Subject to the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, unless otherwise required by the DGCL, any newly created directorship on the Board that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board (whether by death, resignation, removal, retirement, disqualification or otherwise) shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Section 3. Meetings of the Board shall be held at such place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board or as may be specified in the notice of any meeting. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held without notice at such times as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board and special meetings may be held at any time upon the call of the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or by a majority of the Board, by oral or written notice, including, without limitation, facsimile, email or other means of electronic transmission, duly served on or sent and delivered to each director to such director s address, e-mail address or telephone or telecopy number as shown on the books of the Corporation not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the meeting. The notice of any meeting of the Board need not specify the purposes thereof. A meeting of the Board may be held without notice immediately after the annual meeting of stockholders at the same place, if any, at which such meeting is held. Section 4. If at any meeting for the election of directors, the Corporation has outstanding more than one class of stock, and one or more such classes or series thereof are entitled to vote separately as a class to elect directors, and there shall be a quorum of only one such class or series of stock, that class or series of stock shall be entitled to elect its quota of directors notwithstanding the absence of a quorum of the other class or series of stock. Section 5. The Board may from time to time establish one or more committees of the Board to serve at the pleasure of the Board, which shall be composed of one or more members of the Board and have such duties as the Board shall from time to time determine; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation s property 

10 and-assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution or amending these Bylaws; and, unless the resolution expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger. Any director may belong to any number of committees of the Board. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Each such committee shall keep minutes and make such reports as the Board may from time to time request. Except as the Board may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in this Article II of these Bylaws for the Board. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, these Bylaws or the resolution of the Board designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and may delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. Section 6. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or such committee, as the case may be. Section 7. The members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this subsection shall constitute presence in person at such a meeting. Section 8. The Board may establish policies for the compensation of directors and for the reimbursement of the expenses of directors, in each case, in connection with services provided by directors to the Corporation. ARTICLE III OFFICERS Section 1. The Board shall elect officers of the Corporation, including a Chief Executive Officer, President and a Secretary. The Board may also from time to time elect such other officers (including, without limitation, a Chief Financial Officer, a Chief Operating Officer, a General Counsel, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers) as it may deem proper and the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall also have the power to appoint and remove any such other officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer, any President, any Chief Financial Officer, any Chief Operating Officer, any General Counsel, or any Executive Vice President) (collectively, Other Officers and to prescribe the respective terms of office, authorities and duties of any such Other Officers. Any Vice President may be designated Executive, Senior or Corporate, or may be given such other designation or combination of designations as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may determine. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. The Board may also elect or appoint a Chair of the Board, who may or may not also be an officer of the Corporation. The Board may elect or appoint co-Chairs of the Board, co-Presidents or co-Chief Executive Officers and, in such case, references in these Bylaws to the Chair of the Board, the President or the Chief Executive Officer shall refer to either such co-Chair of the Board, co-President or co-Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be. 

11 Section 2. The officers of the Corporation shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board. All officers of the Corporation elected by the Board shall hold office for such terms as may be determined by the Board or, in the case of any Other Officers, the Chief Executive Officer, or until their respective successors are chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed from office at any time either with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board then in office, or, in the case of any Other Officers, by the Chief Executive Officer. Section 3. Each of the officers of the Corporation elected by the Board or appointed by the Chief Executive Officer in accordance with these Bylaws shall have the powers and duties prescribed by law, by these Bylaws or by the Board or, in the case of Other Officers, by the Chief Executive Officer, and, unless otherwise prescribed by these Bylaws or by the Board or, in the case of Other Officers, by the Chief Executive Officer, shall have such further powers and duties as ordinarily pertain to that office. Section 4. Unless otherwise provided in these Bylaws, in the absence or disability of any officer of the Corporation, the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may, during such period, delegate such officer s powers and duties to any other officer or to any director of the Board and the person to whom such powers and duties are delegated shall, for the time being, hold such office. ARTICLE IV CAPITAL STOCK Section 1. Issuance of Stock. Unless otherwise voted by the stockholders and subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the Corporation or the whole or any part of any shares of the authorized capital stock of the Corporation held in the Corporation s treasury may be issued, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by vote of the Board in such manner, for such lawful consideration and on such terms as the Board may determine. Section 2. Uncertificated Shares; Certificates of Stock. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be represented by certificates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 2 of Article IV shall apply to shares represented by a certificate as of the date of adoption of these Bylaws until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. If shares are represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in the form, other than bearer form, approved by the Board. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation, signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, any two authorized officers of the Corporation in accordance with the DGCL. Any or all signatures on any such certificate may be a facsimile or other electronic reproduction. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, whose facsimile or electronic signature has been used on or who has duly affixed a facsimile or electronic signature or signatures to any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar of the Corporation whether because of death, resignation or otherwise before such certificate or certificates have been issued by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates, whose facsimile or electronic signature or signatures have been used thereon or who duly affixed a facsimile or electronic signature or signatures thereon had not ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar of the Corporation. Every certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer and every certificate issued when the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class or series of stock shall contain such legend with respect thereto as is required by law. The rights and obligations of stockholders within the same class and/or series of stock shall be identical whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. Section 3. Transfers. Except as otherwise established by rules and regulations adopted by the Board, and subject to applicable law, shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by 

12 a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or the authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require. Shares of stock that are not represented by a certificate may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by submitting to the Corporation or its transfer agent such evidence of transfer and following such other procedures as the Corporation or its transfer agent may require. Section 4. Record Holders. Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or by these Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on the Corporation s stock ledger as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the Corporation s stock ledger in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws. Section 5. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. The Corporation may issue or direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any previously issued certificate or certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may prescribe, including the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction and the giving of such indemnity and posting of such bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of such alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of a new certificate for the protection of the Corporation or any transfer agent or registrar. ARTICLE V EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION Section 1. Execution of Corporate Instruments. The Board may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the Corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the Corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the Corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. Unless authorized or ratified by the Board or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. Section 2. Voting of Securities Owned By the Corporation. All stock and other securities of other Corporations owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or any Vice President. ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES Section 1. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter 

13 be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 3 of this Article VI with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses or with respect to any compulsory counterclaim brought by such indemnitee, or as may otherwise be expressly approved by the Board or a committee thereof, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. Section 2. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 1 of this Article VI, an indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in appearing at, participating in or defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition or in connection with a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VI (which shall be governed by Section 3 of this Article VI) (hereinafter an advancement of expenses provided, however, that if (x) the DGCL requires or (y) in the case of an advance made in a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made solely upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking ), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or entitled to advancement of expenses under Section 1 or 2 of this Article VI or otherwise. Section 3. If a claim under Section 1 or 2 of this Article VI is not paid in full by the Corporation within (i) sixty (60) days after a written claim for indemnification has been received by the Corporation or (ii) twenty (20) days after a claim for an advancement of expenses has been received by the Corporation, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or to obtain advancement of expenses, as applicable. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if the indemnitee is successful in whole or in part in any such suit or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit (including, without limitation, attorneys fees). In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VI or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. Section 4. The provision of indemnification to or the advancement of expenses and costs to any indemnitee under this Article VI, or the entitlement of any indemnitee to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VI, shall not limit or restrict in any way the power of the Corporation to indemnify or advance expenses to such indemnitee in any other way permitted by law or be deemed exclusive of, or invalidate, any right to which any indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such indemnitee s capacity as an officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of the Corporation and as to action in any other capacity. 

14 Section 5. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be an officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article VI that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its heirs, executors, administrators, and successors, as the case may be, shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal. Section 6. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary and trustee of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. Section 7. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. ARTICLE VII CORPORATE BOOKS The books of the Corporation may be kept inside or outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as the Board may from time to time determine. ARTICLE VIII FISCAL YEAR The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be, unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board, the calendar year ending on December 31. ARTICLE IX CORPORATE SEAL The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation. In lieu of the corporate seal, when so authorized by the Board or a duly empowered committee thereof a facsimile thereof may be impressed or affixed or reproduced. ARTICLE X GENERAL PROVISIONS Section 1. Whenever notice is required to be given by law or under any provision of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, notice of any meeting need not be given to any person who shall attend such meeting (except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened), or who shall waive notice thereof before or after such meeting, in writing (including by electronic transmission). Section 2. Form of Notice. Notices to directors and stockholders other than notices to directors of special meetings of the Board which may be given by any means stated in Section 3 of Article II, shall be in writing 

15 and, in addition to any other method of notice permitted by applicable law, may be delivered personally, mailed to the directors or stockholders at their addresses appearing on the books of the Corporation or transmitted to any director via electronic mail to an electronic mail address appearing on the books or as part of the records of the Corporation or transmitted to any stockholder via electronic mail to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice. Notice by mail shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be mailed. Notice to directors may also be given by telegram. Section 3. Section headings in these Bylaws are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein. Section 4. In the event that any provision of these Bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or the DGCL, the provision of these Bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effect. ARTICLE XI AMENDMENTS These Bylaws may be made, amended, altered, changed, added to or repealed as set forth in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation and these Bylaws. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 q32024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Daniel Barber, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Daniel Barber Daniel Barber President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 q32024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, A. Ernest Toth, Jr, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s A. ERNEST TOTH, JR. A. Ernest Toth, Jr. 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 q32024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, Daniel Barber, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period-ended September 30, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Quarterly Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Quarterly Report and the results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Quarterly Report. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 
 s Daniel Barber Daniel Barber President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Quarterly Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 q32024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, A. Ernest Toth, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period-ended September 30, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Quarterly Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Quarterly Report and the results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Quarterly Report. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 
 s A. ERNEST TOTH, JR A. Ernest Toth, Jr. 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Quarterly Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aqst-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aqst-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aqst-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aqst-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aqst-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

