<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1795815_0001795815-24-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22456256</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279229</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3483217</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10230863</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4030555</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3868175</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001795815-24-000017.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001795815-24-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			California BanCorp \ CA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001795815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				843288397
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41684
		FILM NUMBER:		241463498

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12265 EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-847-4787

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12265 EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Southern California Bancorp \ CA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001795815-24-000017.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 bcal-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bcal-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. T No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). T No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

T 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 CALIFORNIA BANCORP 
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 11 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 13 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 106 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 107 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 107 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 108 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 108 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 108 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 108 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 108 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 108 
 SIGNATURES 110 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the words we, us, our, BCAL, or the Company refer to California BanCorp, formerly known as Southern California Bancorp, and California Bank of Commerce, N.A., formerly known as Bank of Southern California, N.A., collectively and on a consolidated basis. The words California BanCorp, or the holding company refer to California BanCorp on a stand-alone basis. References to the Bank refer to California Bank of Commerce, N.A. 
 The statements in this quarterly report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements made about the Company s prospects and results following the merger of the former California BanCorp CALB into the Company and the merger of the former California Bank of Commerce into the Bank on July 31, 2024 (collectively, the Merger , as well as forecasts relating to financial and operating results or other measures of economic performance. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current view about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed in the forward-looking statement or historical results. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and often include the words or phrases such as aim, can, may, could, predict, should, will, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, hope, intend, plan, potential, project, will likely result, continue, seek, shall, possible, projection, optimistic, and outlook, and variations of these words and similar expressions. 
 We have made the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report based on assumptions and estimates that we believe to be reasonable in light of the information available to us at this time. However, these forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and could be affected by many factors. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, consolidated results of operations and future growth prospects include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 recent volatility and uncertainty facing the banking industry following the recent failures of financial institutions; 
 challenges related to increasing interest rates and the impact on our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations; 
 our ability to manage our liquidity; 
 business and economic conditions nationally, regionally and in our target markets, particularly in California, which are the principal areas in which we operate; 
 the lack of soundness of other financial institutions; 
 disruptions to the credit and financial markets, either nationally, regionally or locally; 
 our dependence on the Bank for dividends; 
 concentration of our loan portfolio in commercial loans, which loans may be dependent on the borrower s cash flows for repayment and, to some extent, the local and regional economy; 
 concentration of our loan portfolio in loans secured by real estate and changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of commercial and residential real estate; 
 risks related to construction and land development lending, which involves estimates that may prove to be inaccurate and collateral that may be difficult to sell following foreclosure; 
 risks related to Small Business Administration SBA lending, including the risk that we could lose our designation as an SBA Preferred Lender; 
 concentration of our business activities within the geographic area of California; 
 credit risks in our loan portfolio, the adequacy of our reserves for credit losses and the appropriateness of our methodology for calculating such allowance for credit losses; 
 the impacts of pandemics, natural disasters, including earthquakes, floods, droughts, and fires, particularly in California; 
 our ability to manage a contracting balance sheet or revenue consideration; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to retain deposits during the integration and conversion activities related to the Merger; 
 the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the Merger will not be realized when expected or at all, including as a result of costs being greater than anticipated or cost savings being less than anticipated; 
 potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the completion of the Merger; 
 economic forecast variables that are either materially worse or better than end of quarter projections and deterioration in the economy that exceeds current consensus estimates; 
 our ability to effectively manage problem credits; 
 risks related to any future acquisitions, including transaction expenses, the potential distraction of management resources and the possibility that we will not realize anticipated benefits from any future acquisitions; 
 interest rate shifts and its impact on our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operation; 
 disruptions to the credit and financial markets, either nationally or globally; 
 competition in the banking industry, nationally, regionally or locally; 
 failure to maintain adequate liquidity and regulatory capital and comply with evolving federal and state banking regulations; 
 inability of our risk management framework to effectively mitigate credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, price risk, compliance risk, technology risk, operational risk, strategic risk and reputational risk; 
 our dependence on our management and our ability to attract and retain experienced and talented bankers; 
 failure to keep pace with technological change or difficulties when implementing new technologies; 
 system failures, data security breaches, including as a result of cyber-attacks, or failures to prevent breaches of our network security; 
 our reliance on communications and information systems to conduct business and reliance on third parties and their affiliates to provide key components of business structure, any disruptions of which could interrupt operations or increase the costs of doing business; 
 fraudulent and negligent acts by our customers, employees or vendors; 
 our ability to prevent or detect all errors or fraud with our financial reporting controls and procedures; 
 increased loan losses or impairment of goodwill and other intangibles; 
 an inability to raise necessary capital to fund our growth strategy, operations, or to meet increased minimum regulatory capital levels; 
 the sufficiency of our capital, including sources of such capital and the extent to which capital may be used or required; 
 the institution and outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings to which we become subject; 
 the impact of recent and future legislative and regulatory changes; 
 examinations by our regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, slow the growth of our commercial real estate loans or write-down assets, or otherwise impose restrictions or conditions on our operations, including, but not limited to, our ability to acquire or be acquired; 
 our status as an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, which reduces our disclosure obligations under the federal securities laws compared to other publicly traded companies; 
 the impact of current and future governmental monetary and fiscal policies; and 
 other factors and risks described in this quarterly report and from time to time in other documents that we 
 file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including, without limitation, the risks described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, that was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the anticipated or estimated results discussed in this filing. Our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements, which represent our beliefs, assumptions and estimates only as of the dates on which they were made, as predictions of future events. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, even though circumstances may change in the future, except as required under federal securities law. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Federal funds and interest-bearing balances Total cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Debt securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Loans held for investment, net Restricted stock, at cost Premises and equipment, net Right-of-use asset Other real estate owned, net Goodwill Core deposit intangible, net Bank owned life insurance Deferred taxes, net Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing NOW accounts Money market and savings accounts Time deposits Total deposits Borrowings Operating lease liability Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 shares authorized, no par value; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock - shares authorized, no par value; issued and outstanding and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss - net of taxes ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME Interest and fees on loans Interest on debt securities Interest on tax-exempted debt securities Interest on deposits at other financial institutions Interest and dividends on other interest-earning assets Total interest and dividend income INTEREST EXPENSE Interest on NOW, money market and savings accounts Interest on time deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 ) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 NONINTEREST INCOME Service charges and fees on deposit accounts Interchange and ATM income Gain (loss) on sale of loans 
 ) Income from bank owned life insurance Servicing and related income on loans, net 
 Gain on sale of available-for-sale debt securities Loss on sale and disposal of fixed assets ) Other charges and fees ) Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications Legal, audit and professional Regulatory assessments Director and shareholder expenses Merger and related expenses Core deposit intangible amortization Other real estate owned expenses 
 Other expenses Total noninterest expense (Loss) income before income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 ) ) Net (loss) income 
 ) ) (Loss) earnings per share: 
 Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net (loss) income 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale: 
 Change in net unrealized loss 
 ) ) Reclassification of gain recognized in net income 
 ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit): 
 Change in net unrealized loss 
 ) ) Reclassification of gain recognized in net income 
 ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock in business combination 1 
 Restricted stock units vested 2 Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock in business combination 1 
 Stock options exercised Restricted stock units vested 2 
 Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 
 1 million related to replacement awards granted in connection with the business combination for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations). 
 2 thousand related to the acceleration of replacement awards issued in connection with the business combination for non-continuing directors, executives and employees (Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations). 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 , net of tax 
 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2023 (as adjusted for change in accounting principle) ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Restricted stock units vested Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net (loss) income 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation on premises and equipment Core deposit intangible amortization Amortization of (discounts) premiums of debt securities ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) Loss on sale and disposal of fixed assets Loans originated for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of and principal collected on loans held for sale Provision for credit losses 
 Deferred income tax expense ) Stock-based compensation Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance ) ) Gain on sale of available-for-sale debt securities ) Loss on sale of other real estate owned Valuation allowance on other real estate owned 
 Accretion of net discounts and deferred loan fees 
 ) ) Net decrease in other items 
 Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net cash acquired in business combination Proceeds from sale of debt securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of debt securities available for sale Purchases of debt securities available for sale ) ) Net change in stock investments ) ) Net repayment (funding) of loans ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for investment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 
 Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase in deposits 
 Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common shares ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Interest paid Taxes paid Lease liability arising from obtaining right-of-use assets Loans transferred to loans held for sale 
 Loans transferred to other real estate owned Net impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13 on retained earnings Liabilities assumed in business combination (Note 2): 
 Fair value of assets acquired 
 Fair value of stock and equity award consideration 
 ) Cash consideration ) Liabilities assumed 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 CALIFORNIA BANCORP (FORMERLY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA BANCORP) AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 

NOTE 1 
 
 branch offices serving California. Many of the banking offices have been acquired through a number of acquisitions. 
 On May 11, 2023, our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BCAL. Prior to that date, our common stock was quoted under the same symbol on the OTC Pink Open Market. 
 
 Merger with California BanCorp 
 On January 30, 2024, Southern California Bancorp announced the execution of a definitive merger agreement with the former California BanCorp CALB ), the holding company for California Bank of Commerce, pursuant to which CALB would merge into Southern California Bancorp in an all-stock merger. The merger received all required regulatory approvals on May 13, 2024, shareholder approvals on July 17, 2024 and closed on July 31, 2024 (the merger ). Shareholders of Southern California Bancorp also approved a change of the Company s name from Southern California Bancorp to California BanCorp. Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations for additional information. California BanCorp retained the banking offices of both banks, adding California Bank of Commerce s full-service bank branch and its loan production offices in the Bay Area to the Bank s full-service bank branches located throughout the Southern California region. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

reportable segment commercial banking. The factors considered in making this determination include that: 1) all of the banking products and services offered by the Company are available in each branch of the Company; 2) all branches are located within the same economic environment; 3) management does not allocate resources based on the performance of different lending or transaction activities; and 4) how information is reviewed by the chief executive officer and other key decision makers. As a result, the Company determined that all services we offer will be reported as a single operating segment. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

million to the beginning balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2023 for the cumulative effect adjustment, reflecting an initial adjustment to the ACL of million, which included a million increase in the ACL - loans and a thousand increase in reserve for unfunded commitments, net of related deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of million, commonly referred to as the Day 1 adjustment. This Day 1 adjustment reflects the development of the CECL models to estimate lifetime expected credit losses on the loans held for investment and unfunded commitments primarily using a lifetime loss methodology and management s current expectation of future economic conditions. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2023 are presented under CECL while prior period amounts continue to be reported in accordance with the probable incurred loss accounting standards. As permitted under ASC 326, the Company elected to maintain the same loan segments that it previously identified prior to adoption of CECL. 
 At adoption of CECL and continuing through September 30, 2024, the Company did not record an ACL on available-for-sale debt securities or held-to-maturity debt securities as these investment portfolios primarily consisted of debt securities explicitly or implicitly backed by the U.S. government or state and local governments, and historically have had no credit loss experience. Refer to Note 3 Investment Securities , for more information. 
 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential ) Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer Liabilities: Allowance for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments 
 
 On January 1, 2024, the Company adopted ASU 2023-01, Leases (Topic 842): Common Control Arrangements. This standard requires entities to amortize leasehold improvements associated with common control leases over the useful life to the common control group. The standard is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within these fiscal years. The Company did not have any such common control leases, so adoption of this standard had no impact to the consolidated financial statements. 
 On January 1, 2024, the Company adopted ASU 2023-02, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method, a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force. The amendments in this update allow the option for an entity to apply the proportional amortization method of accounting to other equity investments that are made for the primary purpose of receiving tax credits or other income tax benefits, if certain conditions are met. Prior to 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are based upon GAAP and conform to predominant practices within the banking industry. We have not made any changes in our significant accounting policies from those disclosed in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

to months. These loans generally require payment in full upon the sale or refinance of the property. Construction and development loans generally carry a higher degree of risk because repayment depends on the ultimate completion of the project and usually on the subsequent sale or refinance of the property, unless the project is user-owned which would then convert to a conventional term loan. Specific material risks may include (i) unforeseen delays in the building of the project, (ii) cost overruns or inadequate contingency reserves, (iii) poor management of construction process, (iv) inferior or improper construction techniques, (v) changes in the economic environment during the construction period, (vi) a downturn in the real estate market, (vii) rising interest rates which may impact the sale of the property and its price, and (viii) failure to sell or stabilize completed projects in a timely manner. The Company attempts to reduce risks associated with construction and land development loans by obtaining personal guarantees and by keeping the maximum loan-to-value LTV ratio at or below , depending on the project type. Many of the construction and land development loans include interest reserves built into the loan commitment. For owner-occupied commercial construction loans, periodic cash payments for interest are required from the borrower s cash flow. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

to years. Consumer loans are underwritten based on the borrower s income, current debt level, past credit history, and the availability and value of collateral. Consumer rates are both fixed and variable, with negotiable terms. The Company s installment loans typically amortize over periods up to years. Although the Company typically requires monthly payments of interest and a portion of the principal on its loan products, the Company will offer consumer loans with a single maturity date when a specific source of repayment is available. Consumer loans are generally considered to have greater risk than first or second mortgages on real estate because they may be unsecured, or, if they are secured, the value of the collateral may be difficult to assess and more likely to decrease in value than real estate. 
 The Company s ACL model incorporates assumptions for prepayment/curtailment rates, probability of default PD ), and loss given default LGD to project each loan s cash flow throughout its entire life cycle. An initial reserve amount is determined based on the difference between the amortized cost basis of each loan and the present value of all future cash flows. The initial reserve amount is then aggregated at the loan segment level to derive the segment level quantitative loss rates. For prepayment and curtailment rates, the Company utilized Abrigo s benchmark since the adoption on January 1, 2023 through the second quarter of 2023 and switched to the Company s own historical prepayment and curtailment experience beginning in the third quarter of 2023. Quarterly PD is forecasted using a regression model that incorporates certain economic variables as inputs. The LGD is derived from PD using the Frye-Jacobs index provided by the Company s third-party model provider. Reasonable and supportable forecasts are used to predict current and future economic conditions. Management elected to use a four quarter reasonable and supportable forecast period followed by an eight quarter straight-line reversion period. After twelve quarters of forecast plus reversion period, the PD is assumed to remain unchanged for the remaining life of the loan. 
 The Company uses numerous key macroeconomic variables within the economic forecast scenarios from Moody s Analytics. These economic forecast scenarios are based on past events, current conditions, and the likelihood of future events occurring. These scenarios include a baseline forecast which represents their best estimate of future economic activity. Moody s Analytics also provides nine alternative scenarios, including five 
 18 

Table of Contents 

19 

Table of Contents 

20 

Table of Contents 

21 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 
 
 full-service bank branch and its loan production offices in the Bay Area to the Bank s full-service bank branches located throughout the Southern California region. 
 The Merger was an all-stock transaction valued at approximately million based on a closing price of the Company s common stock of on July 31, 2024. Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, each outstanding share of CALB common stock was exchanged for the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in the net issuance of approximately shares, with cash (without interest) paid in lieu of fractional shares. An additional net shares were issued to CALB s non-continuing directors, officers and employees where the Company had granted and fully accelerated replacement restricted stock units totaling shares with a fair value of million, of which thousand related to pre-combination vesting and was included in purchase consideration and million related to post-combination vesting and was recognized in expense of the combined company at merger closing. The Company also granted replacement awards for unvested restricted stock units, with a fair value of million, to CALB s continuing directors, officers and employees. Of this amount, million related to pre-combination vesting and was included in purchase consideration and million related to post-combination vesting and will be recognized in expense of the combined company over the remaining vesting period. In addition, the Company settled for cash all in-the-money CALB stock options immediately prior to the merger in the amount of million. 
 The Company accounted for the Merger using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations and accordingly, the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of CALB were recorded at their respective fair values on the date of completion of the merger with certain exceptions. In many cases, the determination of fair value required management to make estimates about discount rates, expected future cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to change. While the Company believes that the information available on the Merger Date provided a reasonable basis for estimating fair value, additional information may be obtained during the measurement period that would result in changes to the estimated fair value amounts. The measurement period ends on the earlier of one year after the Merger Date or the date the Company concludes that all necessary information about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the Merger Date have been obtained. As the final CALB tax return has not yet been completed, initial accounting for taxes was incomplete as of September 30, 2024. The valuation of acquired loans, may also change as additional information for certain loans is obtained subsequent to acquisition. These changes could differ materially from what is presented below. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Debt securities, available-for-sale Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses - PCD loans ) Restricted stock 
 Other equity securities Premises and equipment 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset Prepaid expenses Deferred taxes, net Bank owned life insurance Core deposit intangible Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Deposits Borrowings Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Purchase consideration: Outstanding shares of CALB, July 31, 2024 Restricted stock units vested fully at merger closing (1) 
 Shares of CALB common stock exchanged Exchange ratio Shares of BCAL common stock issued to CALB shareholders at closing, before fractional shares Less: fractional shares ) Shares of BCAL common stock issued to CBC shareholders at closing BCAL closing price per share, July 31, 2024 Fair value of common shares issued and exchanged Less: fair value of accelerated restricted stock units attributable to post-combination vesting (2)(3) 
 ) Fair value of common shares issued and exchanged attributable to purchase consideration Cash paid for outstanding stock options (4) 
 Cash paid for fractional shares Restricted stock consideration (5) 
 Total purchase consideration Goodwill recognized 
 23 

Table of Contents 

unvested restricted stock units of non-continuing CALB directors that were automatically fully vested and converted under the merger agreement and of unvested restricted shares (replacement awards) for non-continuing executives and employees that were accelerated and fully vested. The portion of the fair value of these awards attributable to pre-combination vesting is included as a component of purchase consideration. The portion of the fair value of these awards attributable to post-combination vesting (See #2 below) was reflected in expense of the combined company upon merger closing 
 (2) Represents the fair value of the CALB restricted stock units (replacement awards) that were accelerated for non-continuing directors, executives and employees that was attributable to post-combination vesting. Upon acceleration, net CALB shares were then converted into the right to receive the Company s common stock after of CALB shares were surrendered by certain executives and employees to pay for taxes. The portion of the fair value of these awards attributable to post-combination vesting was recognized as an expense of the combined company upon merger closing. 
 (3) Included in this amount is thousand related to restricted stock units that fully vested due to change in control agreements (double trigger) held by four executives that are no longer employed by the Company upon closing of the Merger. 
 (4) Represents the payment of (a) million for vested stock options at a weighted average exercise price of and (b) thousand for unvested stock options at a weighted average price of attributable to pre-combination vesting based on the Option Cashout Price. An additional thousand was paid for the portion of unvested stock options attributable to post-combination vesting and was recognized as an expense of the combined company upon merger closing. There were unvested stock options at a weighted average price of that were out-of-the-money at July 31, 2024 and excluded from stock option consideration as they were cancelled under the terms of the merger agreement. 
 unvested restricted stock units (replacement awards) for continuing executives and employees attributable to pre-combination vesting. A forfeiture rate of was applied in determining share-based awards expected to vest. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired and was primarily attributable to the expected synergies and the expansions of economies of scale and new territory from combining the operations of the Company and CALB. Goodwill is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes and is not amortized. Rather, goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, by comparing its carrying value to the reporting unit s fair value. 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of significant financial instruments: 
 Cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these instruments. 
 Debt securities available for sale. The fair values of debt securities was determined by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges or matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities. 
 Loans held for investment. The Company utilized an independent third-party to assist in valuing loans held for investment. The fair value of the acquired loan portfolio was determined by segregating the portfolio into three groups: PCD loans, non-accruing PCD loans and all other loans non-PCD loans ). These three categories were further segmented by loan type. For non-PCD loans, the fair value for each individual loan segment consisted of the principal balance adjusted for both an interest component and credit component, which was calculated on a pool basis using a discounted cash flow approach. The discount rates utilized for this approach were based on a weighted average cost of capital, considering the cost of equity and cost of debt and other factors. Expected loan cash flows incorporated default, loss, and prepayment rates based on industry standards. 
 PCD loans are defined as loans that as of the date of acquisition have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, as determined by an acquirer's assessment. The initial amortized cost basis for PCD loans represents the fair value of the loans plus an allowance for credit losses at the date of acquisition. The fair value for PCD loans incorporated market-based loss rates used to estimate 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses - PCD loans ) Non-credit discount amount ) Loans previously charged-off by CALB ) PCD loans acquired 
 
 Bank owned life insurance. The carrying amount of bank owned life insurance approximates fair value given the liquidity of these instruments. 
 Deferred tax assets, net. The fair value of acquired deferred tax assets and liabilities represents the estimated amount of tax benefits for acquired assets and assumed liabilities that the Company expects to be recognized on it tax returns. The Company utilized an effective tax rate of in determining the fair value on deferred taxes, net. 
 Core deposit intangible. The fair value of the core deposit intangible was determined using was determined by evaluating the underlying characteristics of the deposit relationships, including estimated customer attrition, projected deposit interest rates, net maintenance cost of the deposit base, and costs of alternative funding. The value of the after-tax savings on cost of funds is the present value over an estimated fifty-year horizon, using the discount rate applicable to the asset. The core deposit intangible will be amortized over the expected account retention period, which was originally estimated at approximately years or 120 months. The core deposit intangible will be evaluated periodically to determine the reasonableness of the projected amortization period by comparing actual deposit retention to projected retention. 
 Deposits. The fair values of demand and savings deposits represent the amount payable on demand at acquisition date. The fair value of time deposits was determined using a discounted cash flow approach, which involved determining the present value of the required contractual payments over the remaining life of the time deposits using market-based interest rates. 
 Borrowings. The fair value of subordinated notes was determined using a discounted cash flow approach, which involved determining the present value of required contractual payments over the estimated life of the notes, factoring in expected redemption dates, discounted at a rate that incorporated market-based interest rates, inclusive of a credit spread and liquidity premium. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Legal, accounting, valuation and other professional costs Information technology Change in control costs/severance Insurance Other 
 
 Net income (1) 

Net (loss) income ) 
 
 Pro forma net (loss) income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were adjusted to exclude merger and related expenses approximately million and million, respectively. Pro forma net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was adjusted to include the million of merger and related expenses. Pro forma net (loss) income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were also adjusted to exclude the provision of credit losses approximately million, comprised of million for the initial ACL for non-PCD loans and million for the initial ACL for unfunded commitments. Pro forma net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was adjusted to include these amounts. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 ) Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals ) ) December 31, 2023 
 Taxable municipals ) Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals ) ) 
 
 ) SBA securities ) U.S. Treasury ) U.S. Agency ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Taxable municipals ) Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals ) ) December 31, 2023 
 U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities ) SBA securities ) U.S. Treasury ) U.S. Agency ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Taxable municipals ) Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals ) ) 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

million and thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included within accrued interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the ACL. 
 At September 30, 2024, debt securities with an amortized cost of million were pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank Federal Reserve as collateral for a secured line of credit of million to secure deposits of public institutions and for other purposes as required by law or contract provisions, in addition to collateral securing borrowing bases with the Federal Reserve. There were million debt securities pledged to the Federal Reserve as collateral for a secured line of credit of million at December 31, 2023. See Note 8 Borrowing Arrangements for additional information regarding the FHLB and Federal Reserve secured lines of credit. The Company also pledged million available-for-sale debt securities to another financial institution to support the collateralization requirement against certain customers standby lines of credit. 
 
 Contractual Maturities 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years 
 Realized Gains and Losses 
 Gross losses on sales and calls ) Gain on sale of available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) SBA securities ) ) ) U.S. Treasury ) ) U.S. Agency ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Taxable municipals ) ) Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2023: 
 U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities: ) ) ) SBA securities ) ) ) U.S. Treasury ) ) U.S. Agency ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Taxable municipals ) ) Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of available-for-sale debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position totaling million, consisting of securities with total gross unrealized losses of million that had been in a continual loss position for twelve months and longer. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a total of available-for-sale debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position totaling million, consisting of securities with total gross unrealized losses of million that had been in a continual loss position for twelve months and longer. Such unrealized losses on these investment securities have not been recognized into income. 
 Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities are recognized in shareholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive loss. At September 30, 2024, the Company had a net unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities of million, or million net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive loss, compared to a net unrealized loss of million, or million net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive loss, at December 31, 2023. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Debt Securities 
 For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, management considered the financial condition of the issuer and the Company s intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The Company s available-for-sale debt securities consisted of U.S. Treasury, U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities, and municipals, which historically have had limited credit loss experience. In addition, the Company reviewed the credit rating of the municipal securities. At September 30, 2024, the total fair value of taxable municipal and tax exempt bank-qualified municipal securities was thousand and thousand, respectively. At September 30, 2024, all of these securities were rated AA and above. At December 31, 2023, the total fair value of taxable municipal and tax exempt bank-qualified municipal securities was million and thousand, respectively. These securities rated AA and above totaled million and rated A+ totaled thousand at December 31, 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

held-to-maturity debt securities with fair values totaling million had gross unrealized losses totaling million, compared to held-to-maturity debt securities with fair values totaling million had gross unrealized losses totaling million at December 31, 2023. The Company has the intent and ability to hold the securities classified as held-to-maturity until they mature, at which time the Company will receive full value for the securities. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, fair values of held-to-maturity debt securities rated AA and above totaled million and million , respectively and rated AA- totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Management evaluates securities in an unrealized loss position at least on a quarterly basis, and determined that the unrealized losses at September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to each investment were primarily attributable to factors other than credit related, including changes in interest rates driven by the Federal Reserve s policy to fight against inflation and general volatility in market conditions. As such, the Company applied a zero credit loss assumption for these securities and provision for credit losses was recorded for held-to-maturity or available-for-sale debt securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Company must hold stock of the Federal Reserve in an amount equal to 3 of the Company s common stock and additional paid-in capital. In addition, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco, the Company is required to own stock of the FHLB based on the Company s outstanding mortgage assets and outstanding advances from the FHLB. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired million of FHLB stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased million and million, respectively, of Federal Reserve stock, and there were purchases and thousand of purchases, respectively, of FHLB stock. 
 
 Other Equity Securities Without A Readily Determinable Fair Value 
 The Company also has equity securities in the form of capital stock invested in different banker s bank stocks which totaled thousand and thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company acquired thousand of these two banker s bank stocks in connection with the Merger during the three months ended September 30, 2024. These equity securities are reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company evaluated the carrying value of these equity securities and determined that they were not impaired. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were losses related to changes in the fair value of these equity securities. 
 The Company has other equity investments and investments in a technology venture capital fund focused on the intersection of fintech and community banking. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of these investments, which is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, was million and million, respectively. These equity securities are measured using the equity method of accounting when the Company s ownership interest in such investments exceeds 5 , or carried at cost less impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Cash distributions considered return of capital are recorded as a reduction of the Company s investment. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received million and million, respectively, of net capital distributions 
 30 

Table of Contents 

thousand and million, respectively, of net capital contributions to these equity investments. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company evaluated the carrying value of these equity investments and determined they were not impaired. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were losses recognized related to changes in the fair value. 
 The Company has also invested in and acquired limited partnerships that operate affordable housing projects that qualify for and have received an allocation of federal and/or state low-income housing tax credits. These tax credit investments are reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, and are recorded net of accumulated amortization, using the proportional amortization method. At September 30, 2024, the aggregate funding commitment for these investments was million, of which million was acquired from the Merger. At December 31, 2023, the aggregate funding commitment for these investments was million. The unfunded portion of these investments totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.) ) Tax credits 
 Contributions 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company evaluated the carrying value of these tax credit equity investments and determined they were not impaired, and loss was recognized related to changes in the fair value. 
 
 NOTE 4 - 

and of total loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company also originates SBA loans either for sale to institutional investors or for retention in the loan portfolio. Loans identified as held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or market value and separately designated as such in the consolidated financial statements. A portion of the Company s revenues are from origination of loans guaranteed by the SBA under its various programs and sale of the guaranteed portions of the loans. Funding for these loans depends on annual appropriations by the U.S. Congress. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer Loans held for investment (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans held for investment, net 
 (1) Loans held for investment includes net unearned fees of million and million and net unearned discounts on acquired loans of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized million and million, respectively, in interest accretion for acquired loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company has pledged billion of loans with the FHLB under a blanket lien, of which an unpaid principal balance of billion was considered as eligible collateral under this secured borrowing arrangement and loans with an unpaid principal balance totaling million were pledged as collateral under a secured borrowing arrangement with the Federal Reserve as of September 30, 2024. See Note 8 Borrowing Arrangements for additional information regarding the FHLB and Federal Reserve secured lines of credit. 

million, consisting of million SBA 7(a) loans and million C I loans transferred from loans held for investment, compared to million, consisting of only SBA 7(a) loans at December 31, 2023. The Company accounts for loans held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of loans held for sale totaled million and million, respectively. 

32 

Table of Contents 

33 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total construction and land development Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total multifamily residential 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial and industrial Consumer Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total consumer Total loans Total by risk rating: 
 Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total construction and land development Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total multifamily residential 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial and industrial Consumer Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total consumer Total loans Total by risk rating: 
 Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total loans 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer Total 

Term Loans Gross Charge-offs by Origination Year Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Converted to Term During the Period (dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Construction and land development Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer Total 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer 
 
 Current 
 (dollars in thousands) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Over 90 Days Past Due Total Past Due Current Nonaccrual Total December 31, 2023 
 Construction and land development Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer 
 
 The Company had thousand in consumer solar loans that were over 90 days past due that were accruing interest at September 30, 2024. There were loans over 90 days past due loans and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2023. 

39 

Table of Contents 

Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial Consumer 

million, and was thousand lower than the subject loan s net carrying value resulting in a partial charge-off in the third quarter of 2024 . The net estimated collateral value after accounting for selling costs for the 1-4 family residential loan was sufficient to cover the subject loan s net carrying value resulting in no partial charge-off in the third quarter of 2024 . At December 31, 2023, a million multifamily residential loan was classified as a collateral dependent loan, and was collateralized by investment multifamily properties. The subject loan was partially charged off by million in the fourth quarter of 2023, foreclosed on in the first quarter of 2024 and sold in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial December 31, 2023 Multifamily residential 

million and foreclosed assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company foreclosed on and sold million of OREO related to a three-property multifamily OREO in Santa Monica, California, and recognized a million pre-tax loss. 
 
 Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company foreclosed on a multifamily nonaccrual loan of million, that was transferred to OREO. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a thousand valuation allowance due to a decline in the fair value of the underlying property in the third quarter of 2024. 

of total class of loans 
 
 The modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in the table above were all loans that were acquired in the Merger. 
 
 There were no modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

The modified loans were acquired from the merger. The were no new modifications or refinancings (including those with borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty) of loans representing a new non-acquired loan or a continuation of an existing non-acquired loan during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

42 

Table of Contents 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included within accrued interest receivable and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the ACL. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 
 The allowance for unfunded credit commitments is maintained at a level that management believes to be sufficient to absorb estimated expected credit losses related to unfunded credit facilities. The Company evaluates the loss exposure for unfunded loan commitments to extend credit following the same principles used for the ACL, with consideration for experienced utilization rates on client credit lines and the inherently lower risk of unfunded loan commitments relative to disbursed commitments. The Company recognized a provision for unfunded loan commitments of million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which million related to the initial allowance for unfunded credit commitments acquired in the Merger. There was a thousand and thousand negative provision for unfunded loan commitments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The provision for unfunded loan commitments is included in provision for (reversal of) credit losses in the consolidated statements of operations. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments was million and thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The reserve for unfunded loan commitments is included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 (1) 
 Initial allowance for acquired PCD loans 
 Provision for loan losses (2) 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries 
 ) ) ) Balance, end of period Reserve for unfunded loan commitments Balance, beginning of period Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 (1) 
 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses for unfunded loan commitments (3) 
 ) ) Balance, end of period Allowance for credit losses, end of period 
 
 (1) Represents the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses on January 1, 2023. As a result of adopting ASU 2016-13, the Company s methodology to compute our ACL is based on a CECL methodology, rather than the previously applied incurred loss methodology. 
 (2) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for non-PCD loans acquired in the Merger of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 (3) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments acquired in the Merger of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Initial allowance for acquired PCD loans 
 (Reversal of) provision for loan losses (1) 
 ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) End of period Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning of period (Reversal of) provision for loan losses 
 ) ) ) Charge-offs Recoveries Net recoveries 
 End of period 
 (1) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for non-PCD loans acquired in the Merger of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Construction and Land Development Real Estate - Other Commercial Industrial Consumer Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Beginning of period Initial allowance for acquired PCD loans 
 Provision for loan losses (1) 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) End of period Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning of period Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 (2) 
 (Reversal of) provision for loan losses 
 ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) End of period 
 (1) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for non-PCD loans acquired in the Merger of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 5 - 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This includes SBA loans serviced for others of million and million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, for which there was a related servicing asset of thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 Consideration for each SBA loan sale includes the cash received and a related servicing asset. The Company receives servicing fees ranging from to for the services provided over the life of the loan. The servicing asset is based on the estimated fair value of these future cash flows to be collected. The risks inherent in SBA servicing assets primarily relates to accelerated prepayment of loans in excess of what was originally modeled driven by changes in interest rates and a reduction in the estimated future cash flows. 
 The servicing asset activity includes additions from loan sales with servicing retained, and reductions from amortization as the serviced loans are repaid and servicing fees are earned. The SBA servicing asset is reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Additions Amortization (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Amortization included accelerated amortization of thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and thousand and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 There were SBA 7(a) loan sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 SBA 7(a) loans sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled million resulting in total gains on sale of SBA loans of thousand. SBA 7(a) loans sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled million resulting in total gains on sale of SBA loans of thousand. 
 The fair value of the servicing asset approximated the carrying value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Weighted average Prepayment speed: Range 
 
 Weighted average 
 
 Amortization ) ) ) ) Net servicing fees 

NOTE 6 - 
 million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. On an ongoing basis, we qualitatively assess if current events or circumstances warrant the need for an interim quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment. We also monitor fluctuations in our stock prices. During the third quarter of 2024, our stock price and market capitalization decreased due primarily to market volatility related to economic uncertainty and rising political tensions prior to the Presidential election. We also noted the trends in our recent financial results were primarily driven by the impact of the Merger and the loss for the quarter was primarily due to merger related expenses. In early November, our stock price and market capitalization recovered and after assessing the totality of these events and circumstances, we determined it is not likely that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount at September 30, 2024. Management will continue to evaluate the economic conditions at future reporting periods for applicable changes. 
 The Company performed a qualitative assessment for the annual impairment review at December 31, 2023, and as a result of that assessment had determined that there has been impairment to the goodwill. 
 Goodwill from CALB merger 
 Balance, end of period 

Core deposit intangibles are amortized over remaining periods of to years. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining amortization period for core deposit intangibles was approximately years. The Company performs the annual impairment analysis for the core deposit intangibles at least annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company evaluated current conditions and concluded there had 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Additions from CALB merger 
 Gross balance, end of period Accumulated amortization: Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) Net core deposit intangible, end of period 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

NOTE 7 - 
 billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, reciprocal deposits increased to million, representing of total deposits and of Bank s total liabilities, compared to million, or of total deposits at December 31, 2023. The excess over 20 increased the Bank s wholesale funding to total assets ratio and net non core funding dependence ratio. These two ratios were still within the Bank's internal policy limit. In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired million in fair value of reciprocal deposits, of which million was in ICS, million in R T and million in CDARS. 
 Time deposits that exceeded the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 amounted to million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Brokered time deposits totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, and were collateralized by letters of credit issued by the FHLB under the Company s secured line of credit with the FHLB. See Note 8 Borrowing Arrangements for additional information regarding the FHLB secured line of credit. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter 

NOTE 8 - 
 Subordinated notes Total borrowings 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Secured Line of Credit 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had a secured line of credit of million from the FHLB, of which million was available. This secured borrowing arrangement is collateralized under a blanket lien on qualifying real estate loans and is subject to the Company providing adequate collateral and continued compliance with the Advances and Security Agreement and other eligibility requirements established by the FHLB. At September 30, 2024, the Company had pledged billion of qualifying loans with the FHLB under a blanket lien, of which an unpaid principal balance of billion was considered as eligible collateral under this secured borrowing arrangement. In addition, at September 30, 2024, the Company used million of its secured FHLB borrowing capacity by having the FHLB issue letters of credit to meet collateral requirements for deposits from the State of California and other public agencies. 
 There were overnight borrowings at September 30, 2024. The Company had overnight borrowings of million with an interest of at December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Federal Reserve Bank Secured Line of Credit 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had credit availability of million at the Federal Reserve discount window to the extent of collateral pledged. At September 30, 2024, the Company had pledged debt securities with an amortized cost of million as collateral, and qualifying loans with an unpaid principal balance of million as collateral through the Borrower-in-Custody BIC program. The Company had discount window borrowings at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

overnight unsecured credit lines from correspondent banks totaling million. The lines are subject to annual review. There were outstanding borrowings under these lines at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Revolving Line of Credit 
 The Company assumed a senior revolving line of credit from CALB in connection with the Merger with a commitment of million. This facility is secured by of the common stock of the Bank. This revolving line of credit bears interest, due quarterly, at a rate of Prime plus and matures in November 2024. The revolving line of credit contains certain financial covenants, including but not limited to, minimum capital, classified asset, nonperforming asset, primary and secondary liquidity, and debt service coverage ratios. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the revolving line of credit. There were borrowings under this revolving line of credit at September 30, 2024. 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
 On May 28, 2020, the Company issued million of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2030 (the Notes ). The Notes mature March 25, 2030 and accrue interest at a fixed rate of through the fixed-rate period to March 26, 2025, after which interest accrues at a floating rate of 90-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus , until maturity, unless redeemed early, at the Company s option, after the end of the fixed-rate period. Issuance costs of thousand were incurred and are being amortized over the first fixed term of the Notes; unamortized issuance costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were thousand and thousand, respectively. The net unamortized issuance costs are netted against the balance and recorded in borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization expense is recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and terms of the Notes. 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed million in subordinated debt, with a fixed interest rate of and a stated maturity of September 30, 2030. Beginning September 30, 2025, the interest rate changes to a quarterly variable rate equal to the then current 90-day SOFR plus , until maturity, unless redeemed early, at the Company s option, after the end of the fixed-rate period. The subordinated debt was initially recognized with a fair value discount of thousand. At September 30, 2024, the net unamortized fair value discount was thousand, The net unamortized fair value discount is netted against the balance and recorded in borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of the fair value discount is recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and terms of these notes. 
 In addition and in connection with the Merger, the Company assumed an additional million in subordinated debt, with a fixed interest rate of and a stated maturity of September 1, 2031. Beginning August 17, 2026, the interest rate changes to a quarterly variable rate equal to the then current 90-day SOFR plus , until maturity, unless redeemed early, at the Company s option, after the end of the fixed-rate period. The subordinated debt was initially recognized with a fair value discount of million. At September 30, 2024, the net unamortized fair value discount was million. The net unamortized fair value discount is netted against the balance and recorded in borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of the fair value discount is recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and terms of these notes. 

NOTE 9 - 
 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, or approximately of its then outstanding shares. Repurchases under the program may occur from time to time in open market transactions, in 
 49 

Table of Contents 

shares repurchased under this share repurchase plan during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock, including net shares for the settlement of accelerated restricted stock units, in connection with the Merger (refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations for additional information) 

NOTE 10 -) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of outstanding: Stock options and unvested stock grants Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 1 
 (Loss) earnings per common share - basic 
 ) ) (Loss) earnings per common share - diluted 1 
 ) ) 
 (1) Weighted average diluted shares for GAAP diluted EPS are the same as shares for calculating basis EPS due to the antidilutive effect of the diluted shares when considering the GAAP loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company s only performance based restricted stock grants were vested when the performance conditions had been met on March 1, 2023. A total of performance based restricted stock grants were vested and included in the computation of basic EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 because the performance conditions had been met. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and restricted stock units and and stock options, respectively, that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, because they were anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and restricted stock units and and stock options, respectively, that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, because they were anti-dilutive. 
 
 NOTE 11 - 
 of any class of the Company s voting securities. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Assumed in the Merger 
 New credit granted Repayments ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Directors and related interests deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amounted to approximately million and million, respectively. 
 The Company leases its Ramona branch office from a beneficial owner who holds more than of any class of the Company s voting securities and is former member of the Company s Board of Directors under an operating lease expiring in 2027 on terms considered to be prevailing in the market at the time of the lease. Total lease expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was thousand and thousand, respectively, and future minimum lease payments under the lease were thousand and thousand, respectively as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 million with the Castle Creek Launchpad Fund I Launchpad ). A director of the Company is a member of the Investment Committee for Launchpad. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total capital contributions made to this investment were million and thousand, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 12 - 
 Letters of credit issued to customers Commitments to contribute capital to other equity investments 
 The Company entered into Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP agreements to provide a -year benefit to certain key officers upon their retirement. Under these agreements, the annual benefits range 
 51 

Table of Contents 

thousand to thousand. In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed all SERP agreements from CALB, under the same terms and conditions, with the exception of the Chief Executive Officer whose maximum targeted benefit amount increased to of the average of his three highest calendar years of base salary as part of his employment agreement with the Company. The estimated present value of future benefits to be paid is being accrued over the period from the effective date of the agreements until the expected retirement dates of the participants. The expense incurred for these agreements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was thousand and thousand, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was thousand and thousand, respectively. The Company is a beneficiary of life insurance policies that have been purchased as a method of financing the obligated benefits under these agreements. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is named or threatened to be named as a defendant in various legal actions. The ultimate outcome with respect to these legal matters and claims cannot be determined. At this time, the Company believes that liability, if any, is not likely to be material to the consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 NOTE 13 - 
 . In addition, upon the completion of the bank holding company reorganization in 2020, the Bank s 2001 Stock Option Plan and 2011 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan were terminated and all outstanding and unexpired stock options and all shares of restricted stock outstanding under the terminated plans became equivalent awards of the Company under the 2019 Plan. 
 In October 2020, the maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan was increased by to . In June 2021, the maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan was increased by to . 
 In addition, the 2019 Plan permits the Company to grant additional stock options and restricted share units. The Plan provides for the granting to eligible participants such incentive awards as the Board of Directors or a committee established by the Board, in its sole discretion, to administer the Plan. The Board has the power to determine the terms of the awards, including the exercise price, the number of shares subject to each award, the vesting and exercisability of the awards and the form of consideration payable upon exercise. Stock options expire no later than from the date of the grant. The 2019 Plan provides for accelerated vesting if there is a change of control, as defined in the Plan. Restricted stock units generally vest over a period of one to . 
 In connection with the Merger, each of the outstanding, unvested restricted stock units granted to the continuing directors, executives and employees under CALB s Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan were converted into unvested restricted stock units of the Company. Each such converted restricted stock unit award continues to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the corresponding CALB restricted stock unit award immediately prior to the Merger. The weighted average remaining term on these assumed restricted stock units was years, ranging from to years. All outstanding unvested CALB restricted stock units of shares in aggregate that were held by employees who are not continuing directors, executives and employees were accelerated and became fully vested and converted automatically into the right to receive approximately shares of the Company s common stock after of CALB shares were surrendered by certain executives and employees to pay for taxes at the effective time of the Merger. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total stock-based compensation cost related to stock options and restricted shares units was million and million, respectively. Included in these amounts was million related to the acceleration of vesting for replacement awards issued in connection with the Merger to non-continuing directors, executives and employees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, total stock-based compensation cost related to stock options and restricted shares units was million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the 
 52 

Table of Contents 

record any accelerated stock-based compensation expense for the performance-based restricted stock units. For three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded thousand for an accelerated stock-based compensation expense for the performance-based restricted stock units. 
 Stock Options 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was thousand of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the outstanding stock options. There were stock options exercised with the intrinsic value of thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and stock options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 There were and stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately thousand and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. There were options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at end of period Options exercisable 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands, except share data) Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 
 (Years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value Outstanding at beginning of period Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at end of period Options exercisable 

53 

Table of Contents 

Granted (1) 
 Vested (2) 
 ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested at end of period 
 (1) Includes shares granted as replacement awards to continuing and non-continuing directors, executives and employees in connection with the Merger for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The fair value of these replacement awards attributable to post-combination vesting a) will be recognized over the remaining vesting period for continuing directors, executives and employees and b) was immediately recognized for non-continuing directors, executives and employees as components of compensation expense. 
 (2) Includes the discretionary vesting of replacement awards issued in connection with the Merger for non-continuing directors, executives and employees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 Restricted Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Restricted Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested at beginning of period Granted Vested (1) 
 ) ) Forfeited Unvested at end of period 
 (1) Included the vesting of performance-based awards totaling shares, with a weighted average grant date fair value of for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

On March 1, 2023, the Board confirmed that all performance conditions for the performance-based restricted stock units totaling shares had been satisfied and accelerated vesting in full. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did t have any outstanding unvested restricted stock units subject to various financial performance conditions. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded accelerated stock-based compensation totaling thousand. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the outstanding restricted stock units that will be recognized over the weighted-average period of years. The total unrecognized compensation expense included million related to the fair value of outstanding restricted stock units that was assumed from the Merger which will be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of years. The total grant date fair value of restricted stock units vested was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Related tax expenses were approximately thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Related tax expenses were approximately thousand 
 54 

Table of Contents 

thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 after the director or employee terminates their service affiliation with the Company. 
 
 NOTE 14 - 
 , a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of , a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of , and a minimum leverage ratio of . A holding company and bank considered to be well capitalized must maintain a minimum total capital ratio of , a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of , a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of , and a minimum leverage ratio of . As of September 30, 2024, the Company and the Bank exceeded the minimums necessary to qualify as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action PCA ). As of December 31, 2023, the Bank exceeded the minimums necessary to qualify as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for PCA. Management believes, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, that the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which we are subject. 
 Basel III, the comprehensive regulatory capital rules for U.S. banking organizations, requires all banking organizations to maintain a capital conservation buffer above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions, stock repurchases and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The capital conservation buffer is exclusively comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, and it applies to each of the three risk-based capital ratios but not to the leverage ratio. Effective January 1, 2019, the capital conservation buffer increased by 0.625 to its fully phased-in 2.5 , such that the common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratio minimums inclusive of the capital conservation buffers were 7.0 , 8.5 , and 10.5 at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company and the Bank were in compliance with the capital conservation buffer requirements. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company and the Bank must maintain minimum ratios as set forth in the table below. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

N/A 
 N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) N/A N/A CET1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) N/A N/A California Bank of Commerce, N.A.: 
 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) CET1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) As of December 31, 2023: 
 California Bank of Commerce, N.A.: 
 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) CET1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 
 
 The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Under federal law, the Bank may not declare a dividend in excess of its undivided profits and, absent the approval of the OCC, the Bank s primary banking regulator, if the total amount of dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year exceeds the total of the Bank s retained net income of that current period, year to date, combined with its retained net income for the preceding two years. The Bank is also prohibited from declaring or paying any dividend if, after making the dividend, the Bank would be considered undercapitalized (as defined by reference to other OCC regulations). Federal bank regulatory agencies have authority to prohibit banking institutions from paying dividends if those agencies determine that, based on the financial condition of the bank, such payment will constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 

NOTE 15 - 
 56 

Table of Contents 

57 

Table of Contents 

58 

Table of Contents 

Fed funds and interest-bearing balances Level 1 Debt securities available for sale Level 1/2 Debt securities held to maturity Level 2 Loans held for sale Level 2 Loans held for investment, net Level 3 Restricted stock, at cost Level 2 Other equity securities Level 2 Accrued interest receivable Level 2 Financial liabilities: Deposits Level 2 Borrowings Level 2 Accrued interest payable Level 2 
 59 

Table of Contents 

SBA securities U.S. Treasury U.S. Agency Collateralized mortgage obligations Taxable municipals Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals December 31, 2023 
 Securities available for sale: U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities SBA securities U.S. Treasury U.S. Agency Collateralized mortgage obligations Taxable municipals Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 
 Nonrecurring fair value measurements 
 The Company may also be required, from time to time, to measure certain other assets and liabilities on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Collateral-dependent loans. For the valuation of the collateral-dependent loans, the Company relies primarily on third-party valuation information from certified appraisers and values are generally based upon recent appraisals of the underlying collateral, brokers opinions based upon recent sales of comparable properties, estimated equipment auction or liquidation values, income capitalization, or a combination of income capitalization and comparable sales. Depending on the type of underlying collateral, valuations may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic factors and estimated liquidation expenses. The range of these possible adjustments may vary. At September 30, 2024, the Company s individual evaluated collateral dependent loans were evaluated based on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral from the Company s internal reviews, including reviews of the most recent appraisals and the current sale market condition. These reviews resulted in a partial charge off of thousand on the individually evaluated loans in the third quarter of 2024. 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company took a partial charge-off of million on an individually evaluated collateral-dependent loan based on its recent property appraisals during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

thousand valuation allowance due to a decline in the fair value of the underlying property in the third quarter of 2024. This amount is included within other charges and fees in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 1-4 Family Residential 
 Foreclosed assets: Other real estate owned, net December 31, 2023 
 Collateral dependent loans (1) : 
 Multifamily Residential 
 (1) Collateral-dependent loans whose fair value is based upon appraisals. 
 
 Market approach Land value N/A 1-4 Family Residential 
 Market approach Cost to sell - 
 Other real estate owned, net Market approach Cost to sell - 
 December 31, 2023 
 Multifamily Residential Income approach Capitalization rate - 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Historical consolidated results of operations and the percentage relationships among any amounts included, and any trends that may appear, may not indicate trends in operations or consolidated results of operations for any future periods. We are a bank holding company and we conduct all of our material business operations through the Bank. As a result, the discussion and analysis below primarily relate to activities conducted at the Bank level. 
 
 Overview 
 California BanCorp, formerly known as Southern California Bancorp, is a California corporation incorporated on October 2, 2019, and headquartered in Del Mar, California. On May 15, 2020, we completed a reorganization whereby California Bank of Commerce, N.A., formerly known as Bank of Southern California, N.A., became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. California Bank of Commerce, N.A. has a wholly-owned subsidiary, BCAL OREO1, LLC, which was incorporated on February 14, 2024. BCAL OREO1, LLC is used for holding other real estate owned and other assets acquired by foreclosure. We are regulated as a bank holding company by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve ). The Bank operates under a national charter and is regulated by the Office of Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). 
 We are a relationship-focused community bank and we offer a range of financial products and services to individuals, professionals, and small- to medium-sized businesses through our 14 branch offices serving Southern and Northern California. We keep a steady focus on our solution-driven, relationship-based approach to banking, providing clients accessibility to decision makers and enhancing the value of our services through strong client partnerships. Our lending products consist primarily of construction and land development loans, real estate loans, C I loans and consumer loans, and we are a Preferred SBA Lender. Our deposit products consist primarily of demand deposit, money market, and certificates of deposit. We also provide treasury management services including online banking, cash vault, sweep accounts and lock box services. 
 Recent Developments 
 Merger with California BanCorp CALB 
 On July 31, 2024, the Company completed its all-stock merger with CALB on the terms set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated January 30, 2024, by and between the Company and CALB. At July 31, 2024, CALB had total loans of 1.43 billion , total assets of 1.91 billion, and total deposits of 1.64 billion. Immediately following the merger of CALB with and into the Company, California Bank of Commerce, a California state-chartered bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of CALB, merged with and into the Bank. Effective with these mergers, the corporate names of Southern California Bancorp and Bank of Southern California, N.A. were changed to California BanCorp and California Bank of Commerce, N.A., respectively. The merger expands the Company s footprint into Northern California and provides an opportunity for building scale and increasing market share through complementary business models with a strong deposit base. The combined company retained all banking offices of both banks, adding California Bank of Commerce s one full-service bank branch and its four loan production offices in the Bay Area to the Bank s 13 full-service bank branches located throughout the Southern California region. 
 Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, each outstanding share of CALB common stock was exchanged for the right to receive 1.590 shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in the net issuance of approximately 13,579,454 shares, with cash (without interest) paid in lieu of fractional shares and repurchase of shares for settlement of accelerated restricted stock units. Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Financial 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Information - Item 1. Financial Statements of this filing for more information regarding business combinations and related activity. 
 Impact of Federal Reserve Rapid Rate Hiking Cycle on the Economy and Banking Industry 
 Between March 2022 and September 2023, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates eleven times by an aggregate of 525 basis points, to a range between 5.25 and 5.50 , the highest level in 22 years. The rapid rate hiking cycle was in response to an increase in inflation, as measured by the Consumer Price Index, from 1.2 in November 2020 to 9.1 in July 2022, which has since moderated to 2.4 in September 2024. In its September 2024 meeting, the Federal Reserve reduced federal funds interest rates by 50 basis points to a target rate between 4.75 and 5.0 . In the statement issued after the meeting, the Federal Reserve noted it has gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward 2 , and judges that the risks to achieving its employment and inflation goals are roughly in balance. 
 Concerns regarding a potential recession have moderated with full year U.S. 2023 GDP reported at 2.5 , slowing to 1.3 in the first quarter of 2024 and rebounding to 3.0 and 2.8 in the second and third quarters of 2024, respectively, with Moody s full-year 2024 GDP growth forecast at 2.7 . California s 2023 GDP increased by 2.1 from 2022 and it is forecast by Moody s to decrease by 2.0 in 2024 and 1.3 in 2025. Despite the anticipated slowdown in California, it is still considered to have the fifth largest economy in the world. Higher interest rates and broader economic headwinds have put a damper on investment, particularly in the near term for the tech industry, which employs 8 of the state s workforce, as tech payrolls have trended lower over the past year. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reports California s September 2024 unemployment rate at 5.3 ; it has been a range between 5.0 and 5.3 since September 2023. 
 The rapid rise in interest rates between 2022 and 2023 resulted in an industry-wide reduction in the fair value of many banks securities portfolios, pressuring their liquidity. The subsequent bank runs led to the failure of several financial institutions beginning in March of 2023 and the distress at New York Community Bank in early 2024, fostering a state of volatility and uncertainty with respect to the health of the U.S. banking system, particularly around liquidity, uninsured deposits and customer concentrations. The situation has stabilized due to strong actions taken by federal regulators in attempts to calm the markets, coupled with the Federal Reserve s initiation of reductions to the federal funds interest rate. 
 We have a strong consolidated balance sheet with diversified deposit and loan portfolios, with very little sector or individual customer concentration, other than our CRE concentration. Our relationship-based banking model is founded on strong, ongoing relationships with our commercial clients, which represent a broad variety of industries. The recent uncertainty in the banking industry has provided us with an opportunity to attract new clients that have concerns about the banks they have been doing business with, based on the above events. We have no meaningful exposure to cryptocurrency or venture capital business models, our accumulated other comprehensive loss on our available-for-sale debt securities is manageable, and our capital position is strong. We also have elected to vigorously defend our deposit base in the face of increasing competition and deposit costs by adjusting the rates we pay on interest-bearing deposits. 
 We have a highly skilled and experienced lending production team and credit administration team. Given our concentration in commercial real estate secured loans, we mitigate that risk through comprehensive underwriting policies, semi-annual loan level reviews, close monitoring of self-established industry and geographical and collateral type limits, periodic stress testing and continuous portfolio risk management reporting. Per the regulatory definition of commercial real estate, at September 30, 2024, our concentration of such loans represented 479 of our total risk-based capital. In addition, at September 30, 2024, total loans secured by commercial real estate under construction and land development represented 51 of our total risk-based capital. The non-performing loans for these segments per the regulatory definition of commercial real estate loans at September 30, 2024 were 18.8 million and there were 2.4 million charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, our only OREO, carried at 4.1 million , was from a multifamily nonaccrual loan we foreclosed on in the third quarter of 2024. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Given the nature of our commercial banking business, approximately 44 of our total deposits exceeded the FDIC deposit insurance limits at September 30, 2024. However, we offer our deposit customers access to the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS ), IntraFi Network Insured Cash Sweep ICS ), and Reich Tang Deposit Solutions R T networks. We receive an equal dollar amount of deposits reciprocal deposits from other participating banks in exchange for the deposits we place into the networks to fully qualify large customer deposits for FDIC insurance. These reciprocal deposits allow us to divide customers deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance limits into smaller amounts, below the FDIC insurance limits, and place those deposits in other participating FDIC insured institutions with the convenience of managing all deposit accounts through our Bank. These reciprocal deposits are not required to be treated as brokered deposits up to the lesser of 20 of the Bank s total liabilities or 5 billion. Our total reciprocal deposits increased to 839.7 million, representing 22 of total deposits and 22 of Bank s total liabilities at September 30, 2024, compared to 274.1 million, or 14 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. The excess over 20 increased our wholesale funding to total assets ratio and net non core funding dependence ratio. These two ratios were still within the Bank's internal policy limit. In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired 442.7 million in fair value of reciprocal deposits, of which included 98.4 million in ICS, 306.6 million in R T and 37.7 in CDARS. 
 We have a small investment portfolio of high-quality securities. In 2022, we deployed our excess cash by purchasing held-to-maturity debt securities that are not marked to market, which means there is no unrealized loss recorded through the accumulated other comprehensive loss if their market value is impacted by changes in interest rates. We continue to reposition our debt securities mix to protect us from an unpredictable interest rate environment. In connection with the Merger, our investment portfolio increased by 42.6 million, consisting primarily of treasury and mortgage-backed securities. At September 30, 2024, the amortized cost of our held-to-maturity debt securities was 53.4 million, or approximately 1.2 of total assets. The fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities was 159.3 million, or approximately 3.7 of total assets. The decreases in the 10-Year Treasury Bond to below 4 in the third quarter, resulted in a lower net unrealized losses on our debt securities at September 30, 2024. The 10-Year Treasury Bond was approximately 3.8 at the end of September 2024. At September 30, 2024, our accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, decreased to 2.9 million, compared to 4.5 million at December 31, 2023. If we realized all of our unrealized losses on both held-to-maturity and available-for-sale debt securities, our losses, net of taxes would be 5.6 million at September 30, 2024. The results of our stress testing on our debt security portfolio at September 30, 2024, illustrated that our losses, net of taxes on both held-to-maturity and available-for-sale debt securities would increase to 24.8 million in a 300 basis point rate increase shock scenario. If we realized all of these unrealized losses, the Bank would continue to exceed all regulatory capital requirements necessary to be considered well capitalized. 
 At September 30, 2024, our liquidity position remained strong, with the following financial balances (unaudited), compared to December 31, 2023: 
 Total cash and cash equivalents of approximately 614.4 million, compared to 86.8 million. 
 Total liquidity ratio of approximately 21.0 , compared to 11.1 . 
 Unpledged, liquid securities at fair value were approximately 146.7 million, compared to 130.0 million. 
 Available borrowing capacity from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB secured lines of credit of approximately 663.6 million, compared to 339.2 million. At September 30, 2024, there were no overnight FHLB borrowings. 
 Available borrowing capacity from the Federal Reserve Discount Window program was approximately 446.4 million, compared to 141.6 million. There were no outstanding borrowings under this program at September 30, 2024. 
 Available borrowing capacity from seven unsecured credit lines from correspondent banks totaling 113.5 million at both period ends. There were no outstanding borrowings on these lines at September 30, 2024. 
 Total available borrowing capacity was approximately 1.22 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 555.8 million. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Total available liquidity was approximately 1.98 billion at September 30, 2024. 
 We continue to monitor macroeconomic variables related to increasing interest rates, inflation, and concerns regarding an economic downturn, and its potential effects on our business, customers, employees, communities and markets. The following challenges could have an impact on our business, consolidated financial condition or near- or longer-term consolidated results of operations: 
 
 Slower loan growth and declining deposits; 
 Difficulty retaining and attracting deposit relationships; 
 Credit quality deterioration of our loan portfolio resulting in additional provision for credit losses and impairment charges; 
 Margin pressure as we increase deposit rates in response to potential further rate increases by our competitors; 
 Merger and related costs being higher than anticipated; 
 Merger cost savings being less than anticipated; 
 Increases in other comprehensive loss from the unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities; and 
 Liquidity stresses to maintain sufficient levels of high-quality liquid assets and access to borrowing lines. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have chosen accounting policies that it believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report its operating results and financial position, and we apply those accounting policies in a consistent manner. The Significant Accounting Policies are summarized in Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements included in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Highlights 
 The following table sets forth certain of our financial highlights as of and for each of the periods presented. This data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein at Part I - Financial Information , Item 1 - Financial Statements of this filing. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 in thousands except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 2023 EARNINGS Net interest income 36,942 21,007 23,261 78,443 71,579 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 22,963 2,893 (96) 25,525 91 Noninterest income 1,174 1,169 815 3,756 3,481 Noninterest expense 37,680 19,005 14,781 71,666 44,407 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (6,063) 88 2,835 (3,653) 9,064 Net (loss) income 
 (16,464) 190 6,556 (11,339) 21,498 Pre-tax pre-provision income (1) 
 436 3,171 9,295 10,533 30,653 Adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income (1) 
 15,041 3,662 9,295 26,178 30,653 Diluted (loss) earnings per share 
 (0.59) 0.01 0.35 (0.53) 1.15 Ending shares outstanding 32,142,427 18,547,352 18,309,282 32,142,427 18,309,282 PERFORMANCE RATIOS Return on average assets (1.82) 0.03 1.12 (0.55) 1.25 Adjusted return on average assets (1) 
 1.01 0.11 1.12 0.74 1.25 Return on average common equity (15.28) 0.26 9.38 (4.48) 10.63 Adjusted return on average common equity (1) 
 8.44 0.82 9.38 6.00 10.63 Yield on loans 6.79 6.21 5.97 6.40 5.89 Yield on earning assets 6.49 5.97 5.72 6.15 5.63 Cost of deposits 2.09 2.12 1.56 2.09 1.22 Cost of funds 2.19 2.21 1.62 2.19 1.30 Net interest margin 4.43 3.94 4.23 4.12 4.43 Efficiency ratio (1) 
 98.9 85.7 61.4 87.2 59.2 Adjusted efficiency ratio (1) 
 60.5 83.5 61.4 68.2 59.2 Net charge-offs to average loans held-for-investment 
 (0.17) (0.31) 0.00 (0.16) 0.00 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 CAPITAL Tangible equity to tangible assets (1) 
 8.58 10.73 Book value (BV) per common share 15.50 15.69 Tangible BV per common share (1) 
 11.28 13.56 ASSET QUALITY Allowance for loan losses (ALL) 53,552 22,569 Reserve for unfunded loan commitments 4,071 933 Allowance for credit losses (ACL) 57,623 23,502 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 209 174 ALL to total loans 1.67 1.15 ACL to total loans 1.80 1.20 Net charge-offs to average loans held-for-investment 
 (0.16) (0.07) 30-89 days past due, excluding nonaccrual loans 19,110 19 Over 90 days past due, excluding nonaccrual loans 37 Special mention loans 93,448 2,996 Special mention loans to total loans held for investment 2.92 0.15 Substandard loans 104,298 19,502 Substandard loans to total loans held for investment 3.26 1.00 Nonperforming loans 25,698 13,004 Nonperforming loans to total loans held for investment 0.80 0.66 Other real estate owned 4,083 Nonperforming assets 29,781 13,004 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.68 0.55 END OF PERIOD BALANCES Total loans, including loans held for sale 3,233,418 1,964,791 Total assets 4,362,767 2,360,252 Deposits 3,740,915 1,943,556 Loans to deposits 86.4 101.1 Shareholders' equity 498,064 288,152 
 (1) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this filing. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This filing contains certain non-GAAP financial measures in addition to results presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe the presentation of certain non-GAAP financial measures provides information useful to assess our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations and to assist investors in evaluating our consolidated financial results relative to our peers. These non-GAAP financial measures complement our GAAP reporting and are presented below to provide investors and others with information that we use to manage the business each period. Because not all companies use identical calculations, the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should be taken together with the corresponding GAAP measures and should not be considered a substitute of the GAAP measures. 
 (1) Efficiency ratio is computed by dividing noninterest expense by total net interest income and noninterest income. We measure our success and the productivity of our operations through monitoring of the efficiency ratio. Adjusted noninterest expense is computed by adjusting noninterest expense for merger related expense for the period indicated. Adjusted efficiency ratio is computed by dividing adjusted noninterest expense by total net interest income and noninterest income. 
 (2) Pre-tax pre-provision income is computed by adding net interest income and noninterest income and subtracting noninterest expense. This non GAAP financial measure provides a greater understanding of pre tax profitability before giving effect to credit loss expense. Adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income is computed by adding net interest income and noninterest income and subtracting adjusted noninterest expense. 
 (3) Adjusted net (loss) income is computed by adjusting net (loss) income for the tax-effected one-time initial provision for credit losses related to non-purchased credit deteriorated non-PCD loans and unfunded loan commitments and tax-effected merger related expense adjustments for the periods indicated. 
 (4) Average tangible common equity is computed by subtracting average goodwill and average core intangible deposits, net average intangible assets ), from average shareholders equity. 
 (5) Adjusted return on average assets is computed by dividing annualized adjusted net income by average assets. Adjusted return on average equity is computed by dividing annualized adjusted net income by average shareholders equity. 
 (6) Return on average tangible common equity is computed by dividing net (loss) income by average tangible common equity. Adjusted return on average tangible common equity is computed by dividing adjusted net income by average tangible common equity. 
 (7) Tangible common equity and tangible assets are computed by subtracting goodwill and core deposit intangibles, net, from total shareholders equity and total assets, respectively. 
 (8) Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio is computed by dividing tangible common equity by tangible assets. 
 (9) Tangible book value per share is computed by dividing tangible common equity by total common shares outstanding. We consider tangible book value per share a meaningful measure because it suggests what our common shareholders can expect to receive if we are in financial distress and are forced to liquidate our assets at the book value price. Intangible assets like goodwill are not a part of the process since they cannot be sold for cash during liquidation. 
 We consider average tangible common equity, tangible common equity, and the tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio as useful additional methods to evaluate our capital utilization and adequacy to withstand unexpected market conditions. These ratios differ from the regulatory capital ratios principally in that the numerator excludes goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP measures for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 2023 Efficiency Ratio Noninterest expense 37,680 19,005 14,781 71,666 44,407 Less: Merger and related expenses 14,605 491 15,645 Adjusted noninterest expense 23,075 18,514 14,781 56,021 44,407 Net interest income 36,942 21,007 23,261 78,443 71,579 Noninterest income 1,174 1,169 815 3,756 3,481 Total net interest income and noninterest income 38,116 22,176 24,076 82,199 75,060 (1) Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 98.9 85.7 61.4 87.2 59.2 (1) Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 60.5 83.5 61.4 68.2 59.2 Pre-tax Pre-provision Income Net interest income 36,942 21,007 23,261 78,443 71,579 Noninterest income 1,174 1,169 815 3,756 3,481 Total net interest income and noninterest income 38,116 22,176 24,076 82,199 75,060 Less: Noninterest expense 37,680 19,005 14,781 71,666 44,407 (2) Pre-tax pre-provision income (non-GAAP) 436 3,171 9,295 10,533 30,653 Add: Merger and related expenses 14,605 491 15,645 (2) Adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income (non-GAAP) 15,041 3,662 9,295 26,178 30,653 Return on Average Assets, Equity, and Tangible Equity Net (loss) income 
 (16,464) 190 6,556 (11,339) 21,498 Add: After-tax Day1 provision for non PCD loans and unfunded loan commitments (1) 
 14,978 14,978 Add: After-tax merger and related expenses (1) 
 10,576 412 11,535 (3) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 
 9,090 602 6,556 15,174 21,498 Average assets 3,593,157 2,294,678 2,313,941 2,735,695 2,293,060 Average shareholders equity 428,558 294,121 277,442 337,813 270,405 Less: Average intangible assets 104,409 38,900 39,158 60,917 39,249 (4) Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 324,149 255,221 238,284 276,896 231,156 Return on average assets (1.82 0.03 1.12 (0.55 1.25 (5) Adjusted return on average assets (non-GAAP) 1.01 0.11 1.12 0.74 1.25 Return on average equity (15.28 0.26 9.38 (4.48 10.63 (5) Adjusted return on average equity (non-GAAP) 8.44 0.82 9.38 6.00 10.63 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 2024 2023 (6) Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) (20.21 0.30 10.92 (5.47 12.43 (6) Adjusted return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 11.16 0.95 10.92 7.32 12.43 
 (1) After-tax merger and related expenses are presented using a 29.56 tax rate. (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible Common Equity Ratio/Tangible Book Value Per Share Shareholders equity 498,064 288,152 Less: Intangible assets 135,546 38,998 (7) Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 362,518 249,154 Total assets 4,362,767 2,360,252 Less: Intangible assets 135,546 38,998 (7) Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 4,227,221 2,321,254 Equity to asset ratio 11.42 12.21 (8) Tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio (non-GAAP) 8.58 10.73 Book value per share 15.50 15.69 (9) Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 11.28 13.56 Shares outstanding 32,142,427 18,369,115 

Impact of Merger on Earnings 
 The comparability of our financial information is affected by the merger with CALB. We completed this Merger on July31, 2024. This merger has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, CALB s operating results have been included in the consolidated financial statements for periods beginning after July 31, 2024. Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements of this filing for more information regarding business combinations and related activity. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Net (Loss) Income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.5 million, or 0.59 per diluted share, compared to net income of 190 thousand or 0.01 per diluted share in the prior quarter. The 16.7 million decrease in net income from the prior quarter was primarily due to a 18.7 million increase in noninterest expense and a 20.1 million increase in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 15.9 million increase in net interest income and a 6.2 million decrease in income taxes. Results during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by 15.0 million of after-tax CECL-related provisions for credit losses on loans and unfunded commitments related to the Merger and 10.6 million of after-tax merger expenses. Excluding one-time CECL-related provision for credit losses on acquired loans and unfunded loan commitments, and merger related expenses, the Company would have reported net income (non-GAAP) of 9.1 million, or 0.33 per diluted 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 share, for the third quarter of 2024. Pre-tax, pre-provision income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 436 thousand, a decrease of 2.7 million, or 86.3 compared to pre-tax, pre-provision income of 3.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.5 million, or 0.59 per diluted share, compared to net income of 6.6 million, or 0.35 per diluted share for the same 2023 period. The 23.0 million decrease in net income from the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a 22.9 million increase in noninterest expense, a 23.1 million increase in provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 13.7 million increase in net interest income and an 8.9 million decrease in income taxes. The increase in losses primarily related to the Merger as previously described above. Pre-tax, pre-provision income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 436 thousand, a decrease of 8.9 million, or 95.3 compared to pre-tax, pre-provision income of 9.3 million for the same 2023 period. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 11.3 million, or 0.53 per diluted share, compared to net income of 21.5 million, or 1.15 per diluted share in the prior year. The 32.8 million decrease in net income from the prior year was primarily due to a 25.4 million increase in the provision for credit losses, and a 27.3 million increase in noninterest expense, partially offset by a 6.9 million increase in net interest income and a 12.7 million decrease in income taxes. Excluding one-time CECL-related provision for credit losses on acquired loans and unfunded loan commitments, and merger related expenses, the Company would have reported net income (non-GAAP) of 15.2 million, or 0.70 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Pre-tax, pre-provision income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 10.5 million, a decrease of 20.1 million, or 65.6 compared to pre-tax, pre-provision income of 30.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income and Margin 
 Net interest income is our primary source of revenue, which is the difference between interest income on loans, debt securities and other investments (collectively, interest-earning assets and interest expense on deposits and borrowings (collectively, interest-bearing liabilities ). Net interest margin represents net interest income expressed as a percentage of interest-earning assets. Net interest income is affected by changes in volume, mix, and rates of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as days in a period. We closely monitor both total net interest income and the net interest margin and seek to maximize net interest income without exposing us to an excessive level of interest rate risk through our asset and liability management policies. The following table presents interest income, average interest-earning assets, interest expense, average interest-bearing liabilities, and their corresponding yields and costs for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Income/Expense Yield/Cost Average Balance Income/Expense Yield/Cost Average Balance Income/Expense Yield/Cost Assets in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Total loans (1) 
 2,783,581 47,528 6.79 1,882,845 29,057 6.21 1,924,384 28,977 5.97 Taxable debt securities 149,080 1,687 4.50 123,906 1,229 3.99 111,254 942 3.36 Tax-exempt debt securities (2) 
 53,682 306 2.87 53,754 306 2.90 59,630 359 3.02 Deposits in other financial institutions 161,616 2,215 5.45 47,417 638 5.41 50,367 681 5.36 Fed funds sold/resale agreements 143,140 1,886 5.24 19,062 261 5.51 20,653 283 5.44 Restricted stock investments and other bank stock 24,587 505 8.17 17,091 358 8.42 16,365 242 5.87 Total interest-earning assets 3,315,686 54,127 6.49 2,144,075 31,849 5.97 2,182,653 31,484 5.72 Total noninterest-earning assets 277,471 150,603 131,288 Total assets 3,593,157 2,294,678 2,313,941 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing NOW accounts 617,373 2,681 1.73 361,244 2,134 2.38 353,714 1,706 1.91 Money market and savings accounts 999,322 8,392 3.34 653,244 4,905 3.02 675,609 4,216 2.48 Time deposits 421,241 5,087 4.80 259,722 3,145 4.87 183,745 1,867 4.03 Total interest-bearing deposits 2,037,936 16,160 3.15 1,274,210 10,184 3.21 1,213,068 7,789 2.55 Borrowings: FHLB advances 611 9 5.86 27,391 387 5.68 11,731 163 5.51 Subordinated debt 52,246 1,016 7.74 17,901 271 6.09 17,830 271 6.03 Total borrowings 52,857 1,025 7.71 45,292 658 5.84 29,561 434 5.82 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,090,793 17,185 3.27 1,319,502 10,842 3.30 1,242,629 8,223 2.63 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits (3) 
 1,031,844 658,001 768,148 Other liabilities 41,962 23,054 25,722 Shareholders equity 428,558 294,121 277,442 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 3,593,157 2,294,678 2,313,941 Net interest spread 3.22 2.67 3.09 Net interest income and margin (4) 
 36,942 4.43 21,007 3.94 23,261 4.23 Cost of deposits (5) 
 3,069,780 16,160 2.09 1,932,211 10,184 2.12 1,981,216 7,789 1.56 Cost of funds (6) 
 3,122,637 17,185 2.19 1,977,503 10,842 2.21 2,010,777 8,223 1.62 
 (1) Total loans are net of deferred loan origination fees/costs and discounts/premiums, and include average balances of loans held for sale and nonperforming loans. Interest income includes accretion of net deferred loan fees and net discounts on acquired loans of 4.7 million, 386 thousand and 550 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Tax-exempt debt securities yields are presented on a tax equivalent basis using a 21 tax rate. 
 (3) Average noninterest-bearing deposits represent 33.61 , 34.05 and 38.77 of average total deposits for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 (5) Total deposits is the sum of interest-bearing deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits. The cost of deposits is calculated as annualized total interest expense on deposits divided by average total deposits. 
 (6) Total funding is the sum of total interest-bearing liabilities and noninterest-bearing deposits. The cost of total funding is calculated as annualized total interest expense divided by average total funding. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Income/Expense Yield/Cost Average Balance Income/Expense Yield/Cost Assets in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Total loans (1) 
 2,194,059 105,169 6.40 1,906,327 83,983 5.89 Taxable debt securities 133,321 4,129 4.14 104,881 2,506 3.19 Tax-exempt debt securities (2) 
 53,759 918 2.89 68,043 1,302 3.24 Deposits in other financial institutions 87,966 3,569 5.42 43,629 1,675 5.13 Fed funds sold/resale agreements 57,634 2,281 5.29 21,182 798 5.04 Restricted stock investments and other bank stock 19,383 1,174 8.09 15,774 689 5.84 Total interest-earning assets 2,546,122 117,240 6.15 2,159,836 90,953 5.63 Total noninterest-earning assets 189,573 133,224 Total assets 2,735,695 2,293,060 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing NOW accounts 446,759 6,860 2.05 290,326 3,301 1.52 Money market and savings accounts 767,916 18,022 3.13 674,452 10,254 2.03 Time deposits 312,544 11,253 4.81 170,620 4,373 3.43 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,527,219 36,135 3.16 1,135,398 17,928 2.11 Borrowings: FHLB advances 26,105 1,103 5.64 16,282 632 5.19 Subordinated debt 29,425 1,559 7.08 17,807 814 6.11 Total borrowings 55,530 2,662 6.40 34,089 1,446 5.67 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,582,749 38,797 3.27 1,169,487 19,374 2.21 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits (3) 
 784,609 829,082 Other liabilities 30,524 24,086 Shareholders equity 337,813 270,405 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 2,735,695 2,293,060 Net interest spread 2.88 3.42 Net interest income and margin (4) 
 78,443 4.12 71,579 4.43 Cost of deposits (5) 
 2,311,828 36,135 2.09 1,964,480 17,928 1.22 Cost of funds (6) 
 2,367,358 38,797 2.19 1,998,569 19,374 1.30 
 (1) Total loans are net of deferred loan origination fees/costs and discounts/premiums, and include average balances of loans held for sale and nonperforming loans. Interest income includes accretion of net deferred loan fees and net discounts on acquired loans of 5.6 million and 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Tax-exempt debt securities yields are presented on a tax equivalent basis using a 21 tax rate. 
 (3) Average noninterest-bearing deposits represent 33.94 , and 42.20 of average total deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 (4) Annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 (5) Total deposits is the sum of interest-bearing deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits. The cost of deposits is calculated as annualized total interest expense on deposits divided by average total deposits. 
 (6) Total funding is the sum of total interest-bearing liabilities and noninterest-bearing deposits. The cost of total funding is calculated as annualized total interest expense divided by average total funding. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Rate/Volume Analysis 
 The following table presents the changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Information is provided on changes attributable to (i) changes in volume multiplied by the prior rate and (ii) changes in rate multiplied by the prior volume. Changes attributable to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 vs. June 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Increase (Decrease) Due to Increase (Decrease) Due to Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest-earning assets: in thousands) Total loans 15,487 2,984 18,471 14,183 4,368 18,551 13,526 7,660 21,186 Taxable debt securities 286 172 458 371 374 745 779 844 1,623 Tax-exempt debt securities 4 (4) (31) (22) (53) (218) (166) (384) Deposits in other financial institutions 1,572 5 1,577 1,523 11 1,534 1,795 99 1,894 Fed fund sold/resale agreements 1,639 (14) 1,625 1,614 (11) 1,603 1,441 42 1,483 Restricted stock investments and other bank stock 158 (11) 147 147 116 263 181 304 485 Total interest-earning assets 19,146 3,132 22,278 17,807 4,836 22,643 17,504 8,783 26,287 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing NOW accounts 1,252 (705) 547 1,155 (180) 975 2,161 1,398 3,559 Money market and savings accounts 2,913 574 3,487 2,410 1,766 4,176 1,589 6,179 7,768 Time deposits 2,012 (70) 1,942 2,814 406 3,220 4,660 2,220 6,880 Total interest-bearing deposits 6,177 (201) 5,976 6,379 1,992 8,371 8,410 9,797 18,207 Borrowings: FHLB advances (378) (378) (159) 5 (154) 411 60 471 Subordinated debt 653 92 745 650 95 745 600 145 745 Total borrowings 275 92 367 491 100 591 1,011 205 1,216 Total interest-bearing liabilities 6,452 (109) 6,343 6,870 2,092 8,962 9,421 10,002 19,423 Net interest income 12,694 3,241 15,935 10,937 2,744 13,681 8,083 (1,219) 6,864 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 36.9 million, compared with 21.0 million in the prior quarter. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to a 22.3 million increase in total interest and dividend income, partially offset by a 6.3 million increase in total interest expense in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior quarter. The increase in interest income and interest expense primarily relates to increases in total average interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities from the Merger during the quarter. During the third quarter of 2024, loan interest income increased 18.5 million, of which 4.1 million was related to accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans, total debt securities income increased 458 thousand, and interest and dividend income from other financial institutions decreased 3.3 million. The increase in interest income was primarily driven by the mix of interest-earning assets added by the Merger and the impact of the accretion and amortization of fair value marks. Average total interest-earning assets increased 1.17 billion, the result of a 900.7 million increase in average total loans, a 114.2 million increase in average deposits in other financial institutions, a 25.1 million increase in average total debt securities, a 124.1 million increase in average Fed funds sold/resale agreements and a 7.5 million increase in average restricted stock investments and other bank stock. The increase in interest expense for the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to a 6.0 million increase in interest expense on interest-bearing deposits, the result of a 763.7 million increase in average interest-bearing deposits, coupled with a 34.3 million increase in average subordinated debt, partially offset by a 6 basis point decrease in average interest-bearing deposit costs and a 378 thousand decrease in interest expense on Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB borrowings, the result of a 26.8 million decrease in average FHLB borrowings in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Net interest margin for the third quarter of 2024 was 4.43 , compared with 3.94 in the prior quarter. The increase was primarily related to a 52 basis point increase in the total interest-earning assets yield, coupled with a 2 basis point decrease in the cost of funds. The yield on total average earning assets in the third quarter of 2024 was 6.49 , compared with 5.97 in the prior quarter. The yield on average total loans in the third quarter of 2024 was 6.79 , an increase of 58 basis points from 6.21 in the prior quarter. Accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired CALB loans was 4.1 million and the related amortization expense impact on interest expense was 278 thousand, which increased the net interest margin by 46 basis points in the third quarter of 2024. Accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired CALB loans increased the yield on average total loans by 59 basis points in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Cost of funds for the third quarter of 2024 was 2.19 , a decrease of 2 basis points from 2.21 in the prior quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by a 6 basis point decrease in the cost of average interest-bearing deposits, and an increase in average noninterest-bearing deposits, partially offset by an increase of 187 basis points in the cost of total borrowings, which was driven primarily by the amortization expense of 373 thousand, or 281 basis points from the purchase accounting discounts on acquired subordinated debt. Average noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased 373.8 million to 1.03 billion and represented 33.6 of total average deposits for the third quarter of 2024, compared with 658.0 million and 34.1 , respectively, in the prior quarter; average interest-bearing deposits increased 763.7 million to 2.04 billion during the third quarter of 2024. The total cost of deposits in the third quarter of 2024 was 2.09 , a decrease of 3 basis points from 2.12 in the prior quarter. The cost of total interest-bearing deposits decreased primarily due to the Company s deposit repricing strategy and paying off high cost brokered deposits in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Average total borrowings increased 7.6 million to 52.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to an increase of 34.3 million in average subordinated debt from the 50.8 million in fair value of subordinated debt acquired in the Merger, partially offset by a decrease of 26.8 million in average FHLB borrowings during the third quarter of 2024. The average cost of total borrowings was 7.71 for the third quarter of 2024, up from 5.84 in the prior quarter. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 36.9 million, compared to 23.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest income primarily relates to 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 increases in total average interest-earning assets due to the Merger during the quarter. The 13.7 million increase in net interest income was due to higher average balances and yields on interest-earning assets, partially offset by higher average balances and costs of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Net interest margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.43 , compared with 4.23 for the same 2023 period. The 20 basis point increase was primarily related to a 77 basis point increase in the total average interest-earning assets yield resulting from higher market interest rates, accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans and a change in our average interest-earning asset mix, partially offset by a 57 basis point increase in the cost of funds. The yield on total average earning assets during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.49 , compared with 5.72 for the same 2023 period. The yield on average loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.79 , an increase of 82 basis points from 5.97 for the same 2023 period. Accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans was 4.1 million and the amortization expense impact on interest expense was 278 thousand, which increased the net interest margin by 46 basis points in the third quarter of 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, total interest income increased 22.6 million, comprised of a 18.6 million increase in total loan interest income, of which 4.1 million was related to accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans, a 692 thousand increase in total debt securities income, and a 3.4 million increase interest and dividend income from other financial institutions and other interest-earning assets. The increase in interest income was primarily driven by the mix of interest-earning assets added by the Merger and the impact of the accretion and amortization of fair value loan marks. Average interest-earning assets increased 1.13 billion, resulting primarily from a 859.2 million increase in average total loans, a 111.2 million increase in average deposits in other financial institutions, a 31.9 million increase in total average debt securities, a 8.2 million increase in average restricted stock investments and other bank stock, and a 122.5 million increase in average Fed fund sold/resale agreements. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, total interest expense increased by 9.0 million to 17.2 million, comprised primarily of a 8.4 million increase in interest on interest-bearing deposits due primarily to an increase in average interest-bearing liabilities resulting from the Merger, coupled with repricing deposits due to peer bank deposit competition. 
 Total cost of funds for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.19 , an increase of 57 basis points from 1.62 for the same 2023 period. The increase was primarily driven by a 60 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits, coupled with an increase in average interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits, and an increase of 1.89 basis points in the cost of total borrowings, which was driven primarily by the amortization expense of 373 thousand, or 281 basis points from the purchase accounting discounts on acquired subordinated debts from the Merger. Average noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased 263.7 million to 1.03 billion and represented 33.6 of total average deposits for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 768.1 million and 38.8 , respectively, for the same 2023 period; average interest-bearing deposits increased 824.9 million to 2.04 billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The total cost of deposits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.09 , up 53 basis points from 1.56 for the same 2023 period. 
 Average total borrowings increased 23.3 million to 52.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from an increase of 34.4 million in average subordinated debt from the 50.8 million in fair value of subordinated debt acquired in the Merger, partially offset by a 11.1 million decrease in average FHLB advances. The average cost of total borrowings was 7.71 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a 189 basis point increase from 5.82 for the same 2023 period. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 78.4 million, compared to 71.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 26.3 million increase in total interest income, offset by a 19.4 million increase in total interest expense. The increase in interest income and interest expense primarily relates to increases in total average interest-earning assets and total average interest-bearing liabilities from the Merger during the third quarter of 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total loan interest income increased 21.2 million, of which 4.1 million was related 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 to accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans, total debt securities income increased 1.2 million, and interest and dividend income from other financial institutions and other interest-earning assets increased 3.9 million. The increase in interest income was primarily driven by the mix of interest-earning assets added by the Merger and the impact of the accretion and amortization of fair value marks. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher average balances, due in part to the Merger, and a 52 basis point increase in yield on the interest-earning assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same 2023 period. Average interest-earning assets increased 386.3 million, resulting from a 287.7 million increase in average total loans, a 14.2 million increase in total average debt securities, a 44.3 million increase in average deposits in other financial institutions, and a 36.5 million increase in average Fed funds sold/resale agreements. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total interest expense increased by 19.4 million to 38.8 million, comprised primarily of a 18.2 million increase in interest on average interest-bearing deposits due to increases related to interest-bearing deposits from the Merger, increases in target Fed fund rates, coupled with the increase in other average interest-bearing liabilities balances between periods. 
 Net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.12 , compared with 4.43 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily related to an 89 basis point increase in the cost of funds, partially offset by a 52 basis point increase in the total interest-earning assets yield resulting from higher market interest rates and a change in our interest-earning asset mix. The yield on total earning assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.15 , compared with 5.63 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on average total loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.40 , a 51 basis point increase from 5.89 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cost on total interest-bearing liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.27 , a 106 basis point increase from 2.21 for the same 2023 period. Accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans was 4.1 million and the amortization expense impact on interest expense was 278 thousand, which increased the net interest margin by 20 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Accretion income from the net purchase accounting discounts on acquired loans increased the yield on average total loans by 25 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Total cost of funds for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.19 , an increase of 89 basis points from 1.30 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 105 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits, coupled with an increase in average interest-bearing deposits, and a decrease in average noninterest-bearing deposits. Average noninterest-bearing demand deposits decreased 44.5 million to 784.6 million and represented 33.9 of total average deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 829.1 million and 42.2 , respectively, for the same 2023 period; average interest-bearing deposits increased 391.8 million to 1.53 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The total cost of deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.09 , up 87 basis points from 1.22 for the same 2023 period. 
 Average total borrowings increased 21.4 million to 55.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting primarily from a 9.8 million increase in average FHLB advances and an 11.6 million increase in subordinated debt from the 50.8 million in fair value of subordinated debt acquired in the Merger. The average cost of total borrowings was 6.40 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 73 basis point increase from 5.67 for the same 2023 period. 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 23.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.9 million in the prior quarter. The increase was largely related to the Merger, and the resulting one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans of 18.5 million and unfunded 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 loan commitments of 2.7 million. Total net charge-offs were 1.2 million, which included 967 thousand from a construction loan and 135 thousand from the consumer solar loan portfolio. The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included a 3.3 million provision for unfunded loan commitments, of which 2.7 million was related to the one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired unfunded loan commitments, and 511 thousand related to the increase in unfunded loan commitments during the third quarter of 2024, coupled with higher loss rates and average funding rates used to estimate the ACL. Total unfunded loan commitments increased 662.4 million to 1.03 billion at September 30, 2024, including 574.3 million in unfunded loan commitments related to the Merger, compared to 371.5 million in unfunded loan commitments at June 30, 2024. The provision for credit losses for loans held for investment in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.7 million, an increase of 16.7 million from 3.0 million in the prior quarter. The increase was driven primarily by the one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans and increases in special mention loans and loans held for investment. Additionally, qualitative factors, coupled with changes in the portfolio mix and in net charge-offs, and in the reasonable and supportable forecast, primarily related to the economic outlook for California which were partially offset by decreases in legacy substandard accruing loans, were factors related to the increase in the provision for credit losses. We continue to monitor macroeconomic variables related to increasing interest rates, inflation and the concerns of an economic downturn, and believe it is appropriately provisioned for the current environment. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 23.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a reversal of credit losses of 96 thousand for the same 2023 period. The increase was largely related to the Merger, and the resulting one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans of 18.5 million and unfunded commitments of 2.7 million. 
 The provision for credit losses for loans held for investment in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.7 million an increase of 19.5 million from 202 thousand in the same 2023 period. The increase was driven primarily by the one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans and increases in special mention loans and loans held for investment. Additionally, qualitative factors, coupled with changes in the portfolio mix and in net charge-offs, and in the reasonable and supportable forecast, primarily related to the economic outlook for California which were partially offset by decreases in legacy substandard accruing loans, were factors related to the increase in the provision for credit losses. We continue to monitor macroeconomic variables related to increasing interest rates, inflation and the concerns of an economic downturn, and believe it is appropriately provisioned for the current environment. 
 The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included a 202 thousand provision for credit losses on loans held for investment, partially offset by a 298 thousand reversal of credit provision for unfunded loan commitments primarily due to the impact of lower unfunded loan commitments. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 25.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 91 thousand for the same 2023 period. The increase was largely related to the Merger, and the resulting one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans of 18.5 million and unfunded commitments of 2.7 million. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a 22.4 million provision for credit losses on loans held for investment largely due to the one-time initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans, and a 3.1 million provision for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments primarily due to the initial provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments acquired in the Merger and the impact of higher unfunded loan commitments. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a 600 thousand provision for credit losses on loans held for investment, partially offset by a 509 thousand reversal of credit provision for unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income 
 The following table sets forth the various components of our noninterest income for the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended Nine Months Ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Service charges and fees on deposit accounts 842 378 286 1,582 881 Interchange and ATM income 294 190 184 647 558 Gain (loss) on sale of loans 
 8 (54) 423 831 Income from bank-owned life insurance 398 266 238 925 693 Servicing and related income (expense) on loans, net 
 82 (5) 61 150 223 Gain on sale of debt securities 
 34 Loss on sale and disposal of fixed assets (19) (19) Other charges and fees (450) 359 100 48 261 Total noninterest income 
 1,174 1,169 815 3,756 3,481 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 Total noninterest income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.2 million, an increase of 5 thousand compared to total noninterest income of 1.2 million in the prior quarter. Noninterest income was impacted by the Merger through increases in service charges and fees on deposit accounts, bank owned life insurance income, and servicing and related income on loans; offset by a 613 thousand valuation allowance on other real estate owned OREO due to a decline in the fair value of the underlying property in the third quarter of 2024, which is included in other charges and fees in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total noninterest income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.2 million, an increase of 359 thousand compared to total noninterest income of 815 thousand for the same 2023 period. The increase was due primarily to the impact of the Merger, which resulted in increases in service charges and fees on deposit accounts, bank owned life insurance income, and servicing and related income on loans; offset by the 613 thousand valuation allowance on OREO. 
 Gain on sale of loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8 thousand, compared to a loss of 54 thousand for the same 2023 period. There were no SBA 7(a) loan sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The amounts in both periods related to a guaranty activity from the U.S. Small Business Administration for previous SBA 7A loan sales. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total noninterest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.8 million, an increase of 275 thousand compared to total noninterest income of 3.5 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase was due primarily to increases in service charges and fees on deposit accounts, and bank owned life insurance income from the Merger, offset by lower servicing and related income on loans, and the 613 thousand valuation allowance on OREO and lower gains on sale of loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gain on sale of loans was 423 thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 831 thousand for the same 2023 period. The 408 thousand decrease was primarily due to fewer SBA 7(a) loan sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, loan 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 sales related to six SBA loans with a net carrying value of 6.3 million, resulting in a gain of 415 thousand, at an average premium of 6.56 and two non-SBA loans with a net carrying value of 455 thousand, resulting in no gain or loss. In the same 2023 period, we sold nine SBA 7(a) loans with a net carrying value of 10.9 million, resulting in a gain on sale of 874 thousand at an average premium of 8.01 , and one non-SBA loan with a net carrying value of 39 thousand, resulting in a gain of 11 thousand. 

Noninterest Expense 
 The following table sets forth the various components of our noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended Nine Months Ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Salaries and employee benefits 15,385 8,776 9,736 33,771 29,651 Occupancy and equipment 2,031 1,445 1,579 4,928 4,553 Data processing and communications 1,536 1,186 1,144 3,872 3,376 Legal, audit and professional 669 557 598 1,742 2,050 Regulatory assessments 544 347 369 1,278 1,188 Director and shareholder expenses 520 229 215 952 642 Merger and related expenses 14,605 491 15,645 Core deposit intangible amortization 687 65 128 817 309 Other real estate owned expenses 3 4,935 5,026 Other expenses 1,700 974 1,012 3,635 2,638 Total noninterest expense 37,680 19,005 14,781 71,666 44,407 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 Total noninterest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 37.7 million, an increase of 18.7 million compared with total noninterest expense of 19.0 million in the prior quarter. The increase was largely due to increases related to the Merger, including an increase of 14.1 million in merger and related expenses, partially offset by a 4.9 million decrease in OREO expenses. 
 Salaries and employee benefits increased 6.6 million during the quarter to 15.4 million. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily due to the growth in headcount from CALB employees retained subsequent to the Merger. The average full-time equivalent FTE employees for three months ended September 30, 2024 was 256 compared to 191 FTE employees for the prior quarter. The three months ended September 30, 2024 salaries and employee benefits also i ncluded a 1.3 million one-time stock-based compensation costs associated with non-continuing CALB executives and employees. 
 Occupancy and equipment expenses increased 586 thousand during the quarter to 2.0 million. The increase in occupancy and equipment expenses was primarily driven by the additional leased offices related expenses acquired from the Merger. 
 Merger and related expenses were 14.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and related to the recently completed merger with CALB, and primarily included severance and change in control costs of 6.2 million, financial advisory fees of 2.3 million, information technology expenses of 4.5 million, insurance costs of 919 thousand and legal and other professional costs of 305 thousand. There were 491 thousand in merger and related expenses in the prior quarter. 
 Core deposit intangible amortization increased 622 thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in core deposit intangible amortization was primarily driven by the additional amortization from the 22.7 million core deposit intangible acquired in the Merger. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 OREO expenses decreased 4.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company sold OREO and recognized a 4.8 million loss in the second quarter of 2024. There was no comparable transaction in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Our efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 98.9 , compared to 85.7 for the three months ended June 30, 2024. Excluding the merger and related expenses of 14.6 million, the efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 would have been 60.5 . 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total noninterest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 37.7 million, an increase of 22.9 million compared with total noninterest expense of 14.8 million for the same 2023 period. The increase was primarily due to higher costs as a result of the Merger, including increases in merger and related expenses and core deposit amortization. 
 Salaries and employee benefits were 15.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.7 million for the same 2023 period. The 5.6 million increase in salaries and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount as a result of the Merger. The average FTE employees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 256 compared to 207 FTE employees for the same 2023 period. The three months ended September 30, 2024 salaries and employee benefits also i ncluded a 1.3 million one-time stock-based compensation costs associated with non-continuing CALB executives and employees. 
 Data processing and communications were 1.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same 2023 period. The 392 thousand increase in data processing and communications was primarily related to increases in transaction volume from both organic growth and the Merger. 
 Merger and related expenses were 14.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and related to the recently completed merger with CALB, and primarily included severance and change in control costs of 6.2 million, financial advisory fees of 2.6 million, information technology expenses of 4.7 million, insurance costs of 919 thousand, and legal and other professional costs of 768 thousand. There were no comparable expenses for the same 2023 period. 
 Core deposit intangible amortization increased 559 thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in core deposit intangible amortization was primarily driven by the additional amortization from the 22.7 million core deposit intangible acquired in the Merger. 
 Other expenses were 1.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.0 million for the same 2023 period. The 688 thousand increase was due primarily to the increases in loan related expenses, customer service related expenses, travel expenses and insurance expenses as a result of completing the Merger. 
 Our efficiency ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 98.9 , compared to 61.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Excluding the merger and related expenses of 14.6 million, the efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 would have been 60.5 . 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Total noninterest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 71.7 million, an increase of 27.3 million compared with total noninterest expense of 44.4 million for the same 2023 period. The increase was largely due to increases for the Merger, including increases in merger and related expenses, salaries and employee benefits, other real estate owned expenses, core deposit intangible amortization, and other expenses. 
 Salaries and employee benefits were 33.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 29.7 million during the prior year. The 4.1 million increase in salaries and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount as a result of the Merger. The average FTE employees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 236 compared to 207 FTE employees for the same 2023 period. The three months ended 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024 salaries and employee benefits also i ncluded the aforementioned one-time stock-based compensation costs associated with non-continuing CALB executives and employees. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company sold OREO and recognized a 4.8 million loss. There was no comparable transaction in the same 2023 period . 
 Merger and related expenses were 15.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and primarily included severance and change in control costs of 6.2 million, financial advisory fees of 5.1 million, information technology expenses of 4.5 million, and legal and other professional costs of 4.5 million. There were no comparable expenses for the same 2023 period. 
 Core deposit intangible amortization increased 508 thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in core deposit intangible amortization was primarily driven by the additional amortization from the 22.7 million core deposit intangible acquired in the Merger. 
 Other expenses were 3.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.6 million for the same 2023 period. The 997 thousand increase was due primarily to the increases in loan related expenses, customer service related expenses, travel expenses and insurance expenses primarily as a result of the Merger. 
 Our efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 87.2 and 59.2 , respectively. Excluding the loss on sale of OREO, the efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 would have been 81.4 . Excluding the merger and related expenses of 15.6 million, the efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 would have been 68.2 . 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 
 Income tax benefit during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.1 million, compared to income tax expense of 88 thousand in the prior quarter. The effective rate was 26.9 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 31.7 for the prior quarter. The decrease in the effective tax rate between periods was primarily due to the impact of the non-tax deductible portion of the merger expenses and the vesting and exercise of equity awards combined with changes in the Company's stock price over time. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.1 million, compared to income tax expense of 2.8 million for the same 2023 period. The effective rate was 26.9 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 30.2 for the same 2023 period. The decrease in the effective tax rate between periods was primarily due to the impact of the non-tax deductible portion of the merger expenses and the vesting and exercise of equity awards combined with changes in the Company's stock price over time, partially offset by the impact of excess executive compensation. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.7 million, compared to income tax expense of 9.1 million for the same 2023 period. The effective rate was 24.4 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 29.7 for the same 2023 period. The decrease in effective tax rate between periods was primarily due to the impact of the non-tax deductible portion of the merger expenses and the vesting and exercise of equity awards combined with changes in the Company's stock price over time, partially offset by the impact of excess executive compensation. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition 
 Summary 
 Total assets at September 30, 2024 were 4.36 billion, an increase of 2.00 billion from 2.36 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total assets was primarily related to the 1.86 billion in fair value of total assets acquired in the Merger, which included increases of 1.36 billion in loans held for investment, 42.6 million in debt securities, and 336.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. In addition, the Company recorded preliminary goodwill of 74.7 million related to the Merger in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Total liabilities were 3.86 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.79 billion from 2.07 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total liabilities was driven by the 1.72 billion in fair value of total liabilities acquired in the Merger, which included 1.64 billion of deposits and 50.8 million of borrowings. 
 Shareholders equity was 498.1 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 209.9 million from 288.2 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in shareholders equity was primarily driven by 214.4 million shares issued in connection with closing the Merger, 4.7 million related to share-based compensation activity, a 1.6 million decrease in net of tax unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities during the period, partially offset by 11.3 million of net loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Debt Securities 
 Our debt securities portfolio consists of both held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities aggregating 212.7 million and 183.7 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The 29.0 million increase in debt securities was primarily related to the 42.6 million in debt securities acquired in the Merger, partially offset by paydowns, sales, maturities and calls. Our held-to-maturity debt securities and available-for-sale debt securities represented 1.22 and 3.65 , respectively, of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 2.27 and 5.51 , respectively, at December 31, 2023. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no transfers between held-to-maturity and available-for-sale debt securities. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, debt securities with an amortized cost of 56.3 million and 53.6 million, respectively, were pledged to the Federal Reserve as collateral for a secured line of credit of 49.7 million and 47.3 million, respectively. 
 Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 The amortized cost of held-to-maturity debt securities and their approximate fair values at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value September 30, 2024 
 Taxable municipals 553 (70) 483 Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 52,811 (3,807) 49,004 53,364 (3,877) 49,487 December 31, 2023 
 Taxable municipals 551 (73) 478 Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 53,065 25 (3,136) 49,954 53,616 25 (3,209) 50,432 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 61 held-to-maturity debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position with an amortized cost basis of 53.4 million with pre-tax unrealized losses of 3.9 million, compared to 58 held-to- 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 maturity debt securities with an amortized cost basis of 51.5 million with pre-tax unrealized losses of 3.2 million at December 31, 2023. The effective duration of the held-to-maturity debt securities was 6.22 years and 5.58 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We have the intent and ability to hold the securities classified as held to maturity until they mature, at which time we will receive full value for the securities. 
 All held-to-maturity debt securities were municipal securities, and historically have had limited credit loss experience. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total fair value of taxable municipal and tax exempt bank-qualified municipal securities were 483 thousand and 478 thousand, respectively, and 49.0 million and 50.0 million, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total held-to-maturity debt securities rated AA and above was 46.2 million and 47.0 million, respectively, and rated AA- was 3.3 million and 3.4 million, respectively. Accordingly, we applied a zero credit loss assumption for these securities and no allowance for credit loss was recorded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities and their approximate fair values at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value September 30, 2024 
 U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities 93,445 1,284 (2,470) 92,259 SBA securities 5,754 12 (82) 5,684 U.S. Treasury 17,552 34 (265) 17,321 U.S. Agency 2,000 (257) 1,743 Collateralized mortgage obligations 42,796 180 (2,403) 40,573 Taxable municipal 1,007 1 (85) 923 Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 830 (3) 827 163,384 1,511 (5,565) 159,330 December 31, 2023 
 U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities 77,031 631 (3,228) 74,434 SBA securities 5,886 5 (109) 5,782 U.S. Treasury 2,760 (343) 2,417 U.S. Agency 2,000 (330) 1,670 Collateralized mortgage obligations 46,330 173 (3,002) 43,501 Taxable municipals 1,528 (107) 1,421 Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 831 (21) 810 136,366 809 (7,140) 130,035 
 The estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt securities was 159.3 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 29.3 million, from 130.0 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to 42.6 million in debt securities acquired in the Merger, purchases of 2.0 million, and fair value market adjustments of 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 2.3 million, partially offset by sales of 3.4 million, maturities of 5.5 million, and principal reductions and amortization of discounts and premiums aggregating to 8.7 million. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 70 available-for-sale debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position with an amortized cost basis and fair value of 77.8 million and 72.2 million, respectively, with pre-tax unrealized losses of 5.6 million, compared to 76 available-for-sale debt securities with an amortized cost basis and fair value of 100.7 million and 93.5 million, respectively with pre-tax unrealized holding losses of 7.1 million at December 31, 2023. The net of tax unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities is reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The effective duration of this portfolio was 4.14 years and 5.13 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We do not have the current intent to sell these available-for-sale debt securities with a fair value below amortized cost, and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell such securities prior to the recovery of their amortized cost basis. The issuers of these securities have not, to our knowledge, established any cause for default on these securities. As a result, we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 
 When market interest rates increase, bond prices tend to fall and, consequently, the fair value of our securities may also decrease. Increases in longer-term market interest rates during 2023 and into 2024 have resulted in higher net unrealized losses in our debt securities. There may be further net unrealized losses on our debt securities classified as available for-sale, which would negatively affect our total and tangible shareholders equity. 
 We determined that the increase in unrealized losses related to each available-for-sale debt security at September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to factors other than credit related, including general volatility in market conditions. Our available-for-sale debt securities consisted of U.S. Treasury, U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities, and municipals which are issued, guaranteed, or supported by the U.S. government, and historically have had limited credit loss experience. In addition, we reviewed the credit rating of the municipal securities. At September 30, 2024, the total fair value of taxable municipal and tax exempt bank-qualified municipal securities was 923 thousand and 827 thousand, respectively. All of these available-for-sale municipal debt securities rated AA and above totaled 1.8 million. At December 31, 2023, the total fair value of taxable municipal and tax exempt bank-qualified municipal securities was 1.4 million and 810 thousand, respectively. These available-for-sale debt securities rated AA and above totaled 1.4 million and rated AA+ totaled 810 thousand at December 31, 2023. Accordingly, we applied a zero credit loss assumption for these securities and no ACL was recorded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The amortized cost, estimated fair value and weighted average yield of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024 are presented below by contractual maturities. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 Held-to-Maturity Available-for-Sale (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Weighted Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Weighted Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Due in one year or less 27,641 27,668 7.69 Due after one year through five years 10,246 9,367 2.17 Due after five years through ten years 22,282 20,911 2.22 17,670 16,579 3.42 Due after ten years 31,082 28,576 2.32 107,827 105,716 4.12 53,364 49,487 2.28 163,384 159,330 4.53 
 (1) Weighted average yields are computed based on the amortized cost of the individual underlying securities. 

85 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the amortized cost and weighted average yields using amortized cost of held-to-maturity debt securities as of September 30, 2024, based on the contractual maturity dates: 
 One Year of Less More than One Year through Five Years More than Five Years through Ten Years More than Ten Years Total Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Held-to-maturity: Taxable municipals 553 2.30 553 2.30 Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 21,729 2.22 31,082 2.32 52,811 2.28 Total 22,282 2.22 31,082 2.32 53,364 2.28 
 The following table presents the fair value and weighted average yields using amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024, based on the contractual maturity dates: 
 One Year of Less More than One Year through Five Years More than Five Years through Ten Years More than Ten Years Total Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Fair Value Weighted Average Yield Available-for-sale: U.S. government and agency and government sponsored enterprise securities: Mortgage-backed securities 11,976 11.36 5,957 2.15 8,130 2.90 66,196 4.21 92,259 4.89 SBA securities 453 6.23 4,272 5.53 959 5.27 5,684 5.55 U.S. Treasury 14,865 5.02 2,456 0.94 17,321 4.39 U.S. Agency 1,743 2.05 1,743 2.05 Collateralized mortgage obligations 2,012 2.98 38,561 3.93 40,573 3.89 Taxable municipals 501 5.24 422 1.72 923 3.47 Tax exempt bank-qualified municipals 827 2.50 827 2.50 Total 27,668 7.69 9,367 2.17 16,579 3.42 105,716 4.12 159,330 4.53 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Loans Held for Sale 
 At September 30, 2024, loans held for sale totaled 33.7 million, consisting of 7.8 million SBA 7(a) loans and 25.9 million C I loans transferred from loans held for investment, compared to 7.3 million loans held for sale, consisting of only SBA 7(a) loans, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Loans Held for Investment 
 The composition of our loans held for investment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 of 
 Total Loans 
 December 31, 2023 of 
 Total Loans 
 Construction and land development 247,934 7.7 243,521 12.4 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 152,540 4.8 143,903 7.4 Multifamily residential 252,134 7.9 221,247 11.3 Commercial real estate and other 1,755,908 54.9 1,024,243 52.3 Commercial and industrial 765,472 23.9 320,142 16.4 Consumer 25,726 0.8 4,386 0.2 Loans (1) 
 3,199,714 100.0 1,957,442 100.0 Allowance for loan losses (53,552) (22,569) Net loans 3,146,162 1,934,873 
 (1) Loans held for investment includes net unearned fees of 1.6 million and 2.3 million and net unearned discounts of 66.0 million and 1.4 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We recognized 4.2 million and 4.3 million, respectively, in interest accretion for acquired loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Total loans held for investment were 3.20 billion, or 73.3 of total assets, at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.24 billion from 1.96 billion, or 82.9 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. The change during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was due primarily to the Merger, which increased loans by 1.36 billion. Additionally, there were originations of 142.2 million and net advances of 46.4 million, offset by transfer to OREO of 17.7 million, partial loan charge-offs of 2.6 million and payoffs of 239.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Loans secured by real estate, defined as construction and land development loans and real estate - other loans, increased by 775.6 million to 2.41 billion at September 30, 2024 primarily due to the Merger. The increase in loans secured by real estate was primarily driven by a 4.4 million increase in construction and land development loans, and a 30.9 million increase in multifamily residential loans, a 8.6 million increase in 1-4 family residential loans, and 731.7 million increase in commercial real estate and other loans. 
 Commercial and industrial loans were 765.5 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 445.3 million from 320.1 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in commercial and industrial loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to acquired loans of 495.4 million and originations of 52.2 million, partially offset by net paydowns of 15.7 million and payoffs of 86.6 million . 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Maturitie s 
 The following table sets forth the amounts of gross loans, by maturity, at September 30, 2024: 
 (dollars in thousands) Due in One Year or Less Due after One Year through Five Years Due after Five Years through Fifteen Years Due after Fifteen Years Total Construction and land development 222,146 23,259 2,529 247,934 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 23,178 39,388 60,325 29,649 152,540 Multifamily residential 34,392 102,054 96,129 19,559 252,134 Commercial real estate and other 131,303 753,388 790,216 81,001 1,755,908 Commercial and industrial 279,180 362,597 123,692 3 765,472 Consumer 1,007 1,462 23,257 25,726 691,206 1,282,148 1,072,891 153,469 3,199,714 
 
 The following table sets forth the amounts of gross loans, due after one year, presented by fixed or floating interest rates at September 30, 2024: 
 (dollars in thousands) Fixed Rate Floating Rate Total Construction and land development 2,766 23,022 25,788 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 31,421 97,941 129,362 Multifamily residential 125,790 91,952 217,742 Commercial real estate and other 766,695 857,910 1,624,605 Commercial and industrial 187,500 298,792 486,292 Consumer 24,497 222 24,719 1,138,669 1,369,839 2,508,508 
 Loan Concentrations 
 Commercial real estate loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans. They are also typically larger than most residential real estate loans and consumer loans and depend on cash flows from the owner s business or the property to service the debt. Because our loan portfolio, including loans held for sale, contains a number of CRE loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in our levels of nonperforming assets. Approximately 54.3 of our total loan portfolio, including loans held for sale, is comprised of commercial real estate loans as of September 30, 2024 as presented below: 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Percentage of CRE Portfolio Average Loan Size Weighted Average LTV 2 
 Commercial real estate loans (1) : 
 Industrial 515,700 29.4 1,855 49 Office 255,700 14.6 1,788 50 Retail 296,600 16.9 1,707 46 Hotel 134,700 7.7 9,624 46 Special purpose 116,000 6.6 2,071 38 Self storage 90,800 5.2 6,489 45 Other 190,800 10.9 2,097 47 Medical/dental office 115,100 6.6 1,046 52 Restaurant 39,800 2.3 1,245 45 Total 1,755,200 100.0 1,959 49 
 (1) CRE loans include owner-occupied CRE and non-owner occupied CRE loans, but exclude farmland loans. Balance includes loans held for sale and loans held for investment. 
 (2) Weighted average loan-to-value LTV is based on current loan balance as of September 30, 2024, and collateral value at origination or renewal. 
 The following table presents the percentages of our commercial real estate loans broken out by occupancy as of September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 Owner Occupied Non-owner Occupied (dollars in thousands) Balance of Total Balance of Total Commercial real estate loans (1) : 
 Industrial 292,300 47.3 223,400 19.6 Special purpose 68,500 11.1 47,500 4.2 Office 63,800 10.3 191,900 16.9 Retail 33,900 5.5 262,700 23.1 Medical/dental office 67,000 10.8 48,100 4.2 Other 82,600 13.4 108,200 9.6 Restaurant 9,700 1.6 30,100 2.6 Self storage 90,800 8.0 Hotel 134,700 11.8 Total 617,800 100.0 1,137,400 100.0 
 (1) CRE loans include owner-occupied CRE and non-owner occupied CRE loans, but exclude farmland loans. Balance includes loans held for sale and loans held for investment. 
 With the increases in remote work over the last few years, rising interest rates and increasing vacancy rates nationwide, commercial real estate loans collateralized by office properties have unique credit risks. We attempt to reduce our credit risk within this portfolio by emphasizing loan-to-value ratios and debt service ratios. The following table presents a summary of the balances and weighted average loan-to-values of office loans and medical/dental office loans within our commercial real estate loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024: 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Weighted 
 Average LTV 1 
 Office loans: Up to 500 26,700 45 More than 500 through 2,000 102,300 49 More than 2,000 through 5,000 82,200 55 More than 5,000 through 10,000 61,500 55 More than 10,000 through 20,000 73,200 44 Greater than 20,000 24,900 55 Total 370,800 50 
 (1) Weighted average LTV is based on current loan balance as of September 30, 2024, and collateral value at origination or renewal. 
 Delinquent Loans 
 A summary of past due loans, loans still accruing and nonaccrual loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Over 90 Days Past Due Total Past Due Nonaccrual September 30, 2024 
 Construction and land development 9,659 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 2,895 Multifamily residential Commercial real estate and other 18,175 18,175 9,105 Commercial and industrial 667 667 4,002 Consumer 96 172 37 305 18,938 172 37 19,147 25,661 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Over 90 Days Past Due Total Past Due Nonaccrual December 31, 2023 
 Construction and land development Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential Multifamily residential 13,004 Commercial real estate and other Commercial and industrial 19 19 Consumer 19 19 13,004 
 There were 19.1 million of past due loans still accruing at September 30, 2024, representing 0.60 of total loans held for investment, compared to 0.00 at December 31, 2023. The increase in delinquent loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in CRE non owner-occupied, C I and consumer solar loans. 
 Total nonaccrual loans increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 25.7 million, which included 13.0 million of nonaccrual PCD loans. The decreases in the non-acquired loan portfolio were 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 primarily due to the downgrades of a construction loan and a 1-4 family residential loan from one relationship and a C I loan that totaled 12.7 million, partially offset by the transfer of a nonaccrual multifamily loan collateralized by three multifamily properties in Santa Monica, California with a net carrying value of 13.0 million to OREO that was subsequently sold with a 4.8 million loss in the second quarter of 2024. The loans downgraded to nonaccrual during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were net of total charge-offs of 2.6 million, which included partial charge-offs of 1.5 million for a substandard nonaccrual multifamily loan, 967 thousand for a substandard nonaccrual construction loan, and 134 thousand for consumer solar loans that were delinquent 120 or more days. The multifamily loan was charged-off during the second quarter of 2024 and was transferred to OREO with a net carrying value after charge-off of 4.7 million in July of 2024. The construction loan was collateralized by a stalled construction project in Los Angeles, California. Based on the Company's internal analysis, which included the review of an updated appraisal, the estimated net collateral value was 9.7 million, which was 967 thousand lower than the subject loan's net carrying value resulting in a partial charge-off in the third quarter of 2024. 
 The following table presents the risk categories for total loans by class of loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: (dollars in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Total September 30, 2024 Construction and land development 232,302 15,632 247,934 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 148,798 847 2,895 152,540 Multifamily residential 252,134 252,134 Commercial real estate and other 1,694,401 44,032 17,475 1,755,908 Commercial and industrial 648,942 48,569 67,961 765,472 Consumer 25,391 335 25,726 3,001,968 93,448 104,298 3,199,714 
 (dollars in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Total December 31, 2023 Construction and land development 243,429 92 243,521 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 143,903 143,903 Multifamily residential 208,243 13,004 221,247 Commercial real estate and other 1,020,076 2,996 1,171 1,024,243 Commercial and industrial 314,907 5,235 320,142 Consumer 4,386 4,386 1,934,944 2,996 19,502 1,957,442 
 Special mention loans increased by 90.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 93.4 million at September 30, 2024. The increases included 41.0 million of non-PCD loans and 10.1 million of PCD loans acquired in the Merger. The increases in the non-acquired portfolio were due mostly to an 11.8 million increase in special mention commercial real estate loans, a 26.7 million increase in special mention commercial and industrial loans and an 847 thousand increase in special mention 1-4 family residential loans. 
 Substandard loans increased by 84.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 104.3 million. The increases included 73.3 million of accruing PCD loans and 13.0 million of nonaccrual PCD loans acquired in the Merger. The decreases in the non-acquired portfolio was due mostly to the aforementioned nonaccrual multifamily loan of 13.0 million transferred to OREO during the first quarter of 2024 that was sold in the second quarter of 2024. Two CRE loans with a combined net carrying value of 1.2 million were updated to 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 pass risk rating, and the decrease of 706 thousand in commercial and industrial loans was due primarily to paydowns and payoffs, partially offset by increases in construction and land loans of 9.7 million and 1-4 family residential loans of 2.9 million due to downgrades during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 There were no loans classified as doubtful or loss loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Loan Modifications 
 The were no modifications or refinancings (including those with borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty) of loans representing a new non-acquired loan or a continuation of an existing non-acquired loan during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024, all loan modifications with borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty were loans that were acquired in the Merger and totaled 13.1 million, of which 397 thousand were past due. Refer to Note 4 - Loans and Allowances for Credit Losses - Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty included in Part I - Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements of this filing for more information regarding loan modifications. 
 Non-performing Assets 
 Nonperforming assets consist of loans on which we have ceased accruing interest (nonaccrual loans), OREO, and other repossessed assets owned. Nonaccrual loans consist of all loans 90 days or more past due and on loans where, in the opinion of management, there is reasonable doubt as to the collection of principal and interest. 
 The following table presents a summary of nonperforming assets, along with corresponding nonperforming asset ratios, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans: Construction and land development 9,659 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 2,895 Multifamily residential 13,004 Commercial real estate and other 9,105 Commercial and industrial 4,002 Consumer Total nonaccrual loans 25,661 13,004 Loans past due over 90 days or more and still on accrual 37 Total nonperforming loans 25,698 13,004 Other real estate owned 4,083 Total nonperforming assets 29,781 13,004 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 1.67 1.15 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.80 0.66 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 209 174 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.68 0.55 
 At September 30, 2024, nonaccrual and nonperforming loans were 25.7 million, compared to 13.0 million at December 31, 2023. The increase from December 31, 2023 was due primarily to the downgrades of a construction loan and a 1-4 family residential loan from one relationship and a C I loan that totaled 12.7 million and 13.0 million of nonaccrual PCD loans acquired in the Merger, offset by the aforementioned 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 nonaccrual multifamily loan of 13.0 million that was transferred to OREO during the first quarter of 2024, and sold with a 4.8 million pre-tax loss in the second quarter of 2024. and the addition of the aforementioned multifamily loan with a carrying value of 4.7 million, net of a 1.5 million partial charge-off during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We foreclosed on the nonaccrual multifamily loan with a carrying value of 4.7 million in the second quarter of 2024. The loan was transferred to OREO in July of 2024 and we recorded a 614 thousand valuation allowance on this OREO due to a decline in the fair value of the underlying property in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We adopted CECL effective January 1, 2023 using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets measured at amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures. The transition adjustment of the CECL adoption included an increase in the allowance for credit losses of 5.5 million, which included 439 thousand to establish a reserve for unfunded commitments and a 3.9 million decrease to retained earnings to reflect the cumulative effect of adoption of CECL, with the 1.6 million tax impact portion being recorded as part of the deferred tax asset on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Our ACL is an estimate of expected lifetime credit losses for loans held for investment at the time of origination or acquisition and is maintained at a level deemed appropriate by management to provide for expected lifetime credit losses in the portfolio. The ACL consists of: (i) a specific allowance established for CECL on loans individually evaluated, (ii) a quantitative allowance for current expected loan losses based on the portfolio and expected economic conditions over a reasonable and supportable forecast period that reverts back to long-term trends to cover the expected life of the loan, (iii) a qualitative allowance including management judgment to capture factors and trends that are not adequately reflected in the quantitative allowance, and (iv) the ACL for off-balance sheet credit exposure for unfunded loan commitments. Estimating expected credit losses requires management to use relevant forward-looking information, including the use of reasonable and supportable forecasts. We measure the ACL using a discounted cash flow methodology, which utilizes pool-level assumptions and cash flow projections on individual loan basis, which then aggregated at the portfolio segment level and supplemented by a qualitative reserve that is applied to each portfolio segment level. Our ACL model incorporates assumptions for our own historical quarterly prepayment and curtailment experience covering the period starting from February 2021 to estimate the ACL, probability of default PD ), and loss given default LGD to project each loan s cash flow throughout its entire life cycle. 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans receivable, net, totaled 14.2 million and 6.4 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included within accrued interest receivable and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the ACL. 
 The following tables present a summary of the changes in the ACL for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Allowance for Loan Losses ALL Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments Total Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance for Loan Losses ALL Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments Total Allowance for Credit Losses Balance, beginning of period 23,788 819 24,607 22,502 1,538 24,040 Initial allowance for acquired PCD loans 11,216 11,216 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses (1)(2) 
 19,711 3,252 22,963 202 (298) (96) Charge-offs (1,163) (1,163) Recoveries 1 1 Net (charge-offs) recoveries 
 (1,163) (1,163) 1 1 Balance, end of period 53,552 4,071 57,623 22,705 1,240 23,945 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for non-PCD loans acquired in the Merger of 18.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 (2) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments acquired in the Merger of 2.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Allowance for Loan Losses ALL Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments Total Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance for Loan Losses ALL Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments Total Allowance for Credit Losses Balance, beginning of period 22,569 933 23,502 17,099 1,310 18,409 Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 (1) 
 5,027 439 5,466 Initial allowance for acquired PCD loans 11,216 11,216 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses (2)(3) 
 22,387 3,138 25,525 600 (509) 91 Charge-offs (2,620) (2,620) (36) (36) Recoveries 15 15 Net (charge-offs) recoveries 
 (2,620) (2,620) (21) (21) Balance, end of period 53,552 4,071 57,623 22,705 1,240 23,945 
 (1) Represents the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses on January 1, 2023. As a result of adopting ASU 2016-13, our methodology to compute our ACL is based on a CECL methodology, rather than the previously applied incurred loss methodology. 
 (2) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for non-PCD loans acquired in the Merger of 18.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 (3) Includes an initial provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments acquired in the Merger of 2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no similar activity in the comparable 2023 period. 
 The following table presents a summary of the ALL by portfolio segment, along with the corresponding percentage of each segment to total loans as of periods indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Amount Percent of loans in each category to total loans Amount Percent of loans in each category to total loans Amount Percent of loans in each category to total loans Construction and land development 2,084 7.7 2,942 10.9 2,032 12.4 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 1,045 4.8 1,472 8.4 1,195 7.4 Multifamily residential 1,636 7.9 1,239 10.0 1,449 11.3 Commercial real estate and other 26,779 54.9 14,337 55.6 13,636 52.3 Commercial and industrial 20,858 23.9 3,795 15.1 4,242 16.4 Consumer 1,150 0.8 3 15 0.2 53,552 100.0 23,788 100.0 22,569 100.0 
 Since we first adopted CECL in January 2023, and through June 2024, the economic environment has experienced volatility, which has made forecasting future economic outcomes challenging. Among these challenges were the highest levels of inflation seen since the 1970s, a very aggressive rate hiking policy by the Fed and other central banks to combat inflation, turmoil in the banking sector that resulted in several large bank failures early in 2023 and distress at New York Community Bank in early 2024, and significant global geopolitical risks, as well as domestic political risks. On a quarterly basis, w e evaluated numerous key macroeconomic variables within the economic forecast scenarios from Moody s Analytics and determined that it was best to use a combination of these scenarios that would reflect the range of possible outcomes given the volatile economic environment. We also reviewed the underlying assumptions supporting each scenario along with o ther sources of economic forecasts and meeting minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 when determining the scenario weighting. We reduced the probability-weighted forecast from a three-scenario forecast to a two-scenario forecast in September 2023. At September 30, 2024, we used the probability-weighted two-scenario forecasts, representing a base-case scenario and one downside scenario, to estimate the ACL. We also updated the scenario weightings and assigned 80 to the base-case scenario and 20 to the downside scenario based on the FOMC lowering the Fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its September meeting, inflation trending lower, strong recent jobs reports and increasing GDP forecasts suggesting more positive growth in the coming quarters. The use of two weighted scenarios is consistent with the methodology used in our ACL model at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 We used economic forecasts released by Moody s Analytics in the fourth week of September to update its ACL calculations for September 30, 2024. We updated our historical prepayment and curtailment rates analysis, and qualitative risk factors based on our judgment of the market area, industry or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans, model imprecision and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions that were not captured in the quantitative analysis. We continue to monitor macroeconomic variables related to changes in interest rates, inflation and the concerns of an economic downturn, and believe it is appropriately provisioned for the current environment. 
 The ALL was 53.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 23.8 million at June 30, 2024. The 29.8 million increase in the ALL during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a number of factors, including an increase of 11.2 million related to the initial allowance for credit losses on acquired PCD loans, and 18.5 million related to the initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans, which were partially offset by net charge-offs of 1.2 million from the individually evaluated loans downgraded during the third quarter. Other factors that increased the ALL included changes in qualitative risk factors primarily related to the Merger that increased the ALL by 1.2 million, partially offset by a decrease in non-acquired substandard accruing loans of 1.3 million. Changes in the loans held for investment volume and mix decreased the ALL by 204 thousand. Changes in the reasonable and supportable forecast, primarily related to the economic outlook, the scenario weightings, and the historical prepayment and curtailment rates analysis decreased the ALL by 151 thousand. 
 At September 30, 2024, our ratio of ALL to total loans held for investment was 1.67 , an increase from 1.27 at June 30, 2024. 
 The ALL was 53.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 22.6 million at December 31, 2023. The 31.0 million change in the ALL during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a number of factors, including an increase of 11.2 million related to the initial allowance for credit losses on acquired PCD loans, 18.5 million related to the initial provision for credit losses on acquired non-PCD loans, partially offset by net charge-offs of 2.6 million. Changes in Moody s economic forecasts for California at September 30, 2024 as compared to December 31, 2023 were mixed. California unemployment rate and California GSP forecasts were revised downward. California GSP for the construction section and Home Price Index forecasts were both revised upward to reflect the recent price trends. Our updated historical prepayment and curtailment rates analysis reflected a decrease from December 31, 2023 due primarily to lower payoffs and paydowns. Changes in the reasonable and supportable forecast, primarily related to the economic outlook for California, coupled with changes in scenario weightings and historical prepayment and curtailment rates analysis increased the ALL by 259 thousand. Changes in the loans held for investment volume and mix decreased the ALL by 825 thousand. Changes in qualitative risk factors primarily related to the merger increased the ALL by 992 thousand. 
 At September 30, 2024, our ratio of ALL to total loans held for investment was 1.67 , an increase from 1.15 at December 31, 2023. 
 The ACL process involves subjective and complex judgments and is reflective of significant uncertainties that could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We review the level of the allowance at least quarterly and perform a sensitivity analysis on the significant assumptions utilized in estimating the ACL for collectively evaluated loans. Applying a 100 probability weighting to the downside scenario rather than using the probability-weighted two scenario approach would result in an increase in ACL by approximately 7.6 million, or an additional 24 basis points to the ALL to total loans held for investment 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 ratio. This sensitivity analysis and related impact on the ACL is a hypothetical analysis and is not intended to represent management s judgments or assumptions of qualitative loss factors that were utilized at September 30, 2024. 
 The following table presents net charge-offs, average loans and net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Net (Charge-off) Recovery Average Loans Net (Charge-off) 
 Recovery 
 Ratio 
 Net (Charge-off) Recovery Average Loans Net 
 (Charge-off) 
 Recovery 
 Ratio 
 Construction and land development (967) 226,986 (0.57) 217,794 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 151,257 140,632 Multifamily residential 191,503 229,685 Commercial real estate and other 1,549,472 1,019,729 Commercial and industrial (61) 647,139 (0.01) 1 313,803 Consumer (135) 17,224 (1.05) 2,741 (1,163) 2,783,581 (0.06) 1 1,924,384 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Net (Charge-off) Recovery Average Loans Net (Charge-off) 
 Recovery 
 Ratio 
 Net (Charge-off) Recovery Average Loans Net (Charge-off) 
 Recovery 
 Ratio 
 Construction and land development (967) 235,364 (0.55) 229,261 Real estate - other: 1-4 family residential 146,178 (12) 143,512 (0.01) Multifamily residential (1,457) 213,025 (0.91) 226,665 Commercial real estate and other 1,180,581 988,974 Commercial and industrial (61) 412,096 (0.02) (9) 315,088 Consumer (135) 6,815 (2.64) 2,827 (2,620) 2,194,059 (0.16) (21) 1,906,327 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance Sheet Commitments 
 We also maintain a separate allowance for off-balance sheet commitments, which is included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Management evaluates the loss exposure for off-balance sheet commitments to extend credit following the same principles used for the ACL, with consideration for experienced utilization rates on client credit lines and the inherently lower risk of unfunded loan commitments relative to disbursed commitments. The allowance for off-balance sheet commitments totaled 4.1 million and 933 thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The change in the allowance for off-balance sheet commitments between periods was the result of a 3.1 million provision for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments, which included 2.7 million related to unfunded loan commitments acquired in the Merger, and from higher unfunded loan commitment balances at September 30, 2024. Total unfunded loan commitments increased 623.2 million to 1.03 billion at September 30, 2024, from 410.8 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Servicing Asset and Loan Servicing Portfolio 
 We sell loans in the secondary market and, for certain loans, retain the servicing responsibility. The loans serviced for others were accounted for as sales and are therefore not included in the accompanying consolidated 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 balance sheets. We receive servicing fees ranging from 0.25 to 1.00 for the services provided over the life of the loan; the servicing asset is initially recognized at fair value based on the present value of the estimated future net servicing income, incorporating assumptions that market participants would use in their estimates of fair value. The risks inherent in the SBA servicing asset relates primarily to changes in prepayments that result from shifts in interest rates and a reduction in the estimated future cash flows. The servicing asset activity includes additions from loan sales with servicing retained and acquired servicing rights and reductions from amortization as the serviced loans are repaid and servicing fees are earned. Loans serviced for others totaled 150.2 million and 58.8 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This includes SBA loans serviced for others of 36.3 million at September 30, 2024 and 35.4 million at December 31, 2023 for which there was a related servicing asset of 415 thousand and 546 thousand, respectively. The fair value of the servicing asset approximated its carrying value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Consideration for each SBA loan sale includes the cash received and the fair value of the related servicing asset. The significant assumptions used in the valuation of the SBA servicing asset at September 30, 2024 included a weighted average discount rate of 14.3 and a weighted average prepayment speed assumption of 20.1 . The significant assumptions used in the valuation of the SBA servicing asset at December 31, 2023 included a weighted average discount rate of 16.1 and a weighted average prepayment speed assumption of 19.0 . 
 
 Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles 
 Goodwill totaled 112.5 million and 37.8 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The 74.7 million increase was due to the goodwill recognized upon completion of the Merger during the third quarter of 2024. On an ongoing basis, we qualitatively assess if current events or circumstances warrant the need for an interim quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment. We also monitor fluctuations in our stock prices. During the third quarter of 2024, our stock price and market capitalization decreased due primarily to market volatility related to economic uncertainty and rising political tensions prior to the presidential election. We also noted that the trends in our recent financial results were primarily driven by the impact of the Merger and the loss for the quarter was primarily due to merger related expenses. In early November, our stock price and market capitalization recovered and after assessing these events and circumstances, we determined that it is not likely that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount at September 30, 2024. Management will continue to evaluate the economic conditions at future reporting periods for applicable changes. 
 Core deposit intangibles totaled 23.0 million and 1.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The 21.8 million increase in the core deposit intangibles between periods was the result of the 22.7 million core deposit intangible acquired in the Merger, partially offset by amortization during the period. At September 30, 2024, the core deposit intangibles had a weighted average remaining amortization period of 9.6 years. 
 Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations and Note 6 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements of this filing for more information regarding business combinations and related activity. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits 
 The following table presents the composition of deposits, related percentage of total deposits, and spot rates, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Amount Percentage of Total Deposits Spot Rate (1) 
 Amount Percentage of Total Deposits Spot Rate (1) 
 Noninterest-bearing demand (2) 
 1,368,303 36.6 0.0 675,098 34.7 0.0 Interest-bearing NOW accounts (3) 
 781,125 20.9 2.0 381,943 19.7 2.1 Money market and savings accounts (4) 
 1,149,268 30.7 2.9 636,685 32.8 2.9 Time deposits (5) 
 219,597 5.9 4.7 142,005 7.3 4.5 Broker time deposits 222,622 5.9 5.0 107,825 5.5 4.6 Total deposits 3,740,915 100.0 1.9 1,943,556 100.0 1.9 
 (1) Weighted average interest rates at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Included reciprocal deposit products of 102.5 million at September 30, 2024. There were no reciprocal deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Included reciprocal deposit products of 630.6 million and 265.8 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Included reciprocal deposit products of 69.0 million and 8.3 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (5) Included CDARS deposits of 37.6 million at September 30, 2024. There were no CDARS deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 We offer our depositors access to the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS ), IntraFi Network Insured Cash Sweep ICS ), and Reich Tang Deposit Solutions R T networks. We receive an equal dollar amount of deposits reciprocal deposits from other participating banks in exchange for the deposits we place into the networks to fully qualify large customer deposits for FDIC insurance. These reciprocal deposits are not required to be treated as brokered deposits up to the lesser of 20 of the Bank s total liabilities or 5 billion. 
 As a result of the Merger, the Company acquired the fair value of 37.7 million in CDARS deposits and 306.6 million in R T deposits. Our total reciprocal deposits increased to 839.7 million, or 22.4 of total deposits and 22.1 of Bank s total liabilities at September 30, 2024, compared to 274.1 million, or 14.1 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. The excess over 20 increased our wholesale funding to total assets ratio and net non-core funding dependence ratio. These two ratios were still within the Bank's internal policy limit. 
 Total deposits were 3.74 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.80 billion from 1.94 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total deposits was primarily driven by the 1.64 billion in fair value of deposits acquired in the Merger. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was a 565.6 million increase in reciprocal deposits, a 590.7 million increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits, excluding reciprocal deposits, a 114.8 million increase in brokered time deposits, a 452.0 million increase in money market and savings accounts, excluding reciprocal deposits, a 34.3 million increase in interest-bearing NOW accounts, excluding reciprocal deposits, and a 77.6 million increase in time deposits. The Company used excess cash acquired from the Merger to pay off high cost callable and noncallable brokered time deposits totaling 131.9 million during the third quarter 2024. 
 At September 30, 2024, noninterest-bearing demand deposits totaled 1.37 billion and represented 36.6 of total deposits, compared to 675.1 million or 34.7 at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total deposits exceeding FDIC deposit insured limits were 1.65 billion, or 44 of total deposits and 816.6 million, or 42 of total deposits, respectively. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the average balance of deposit accounts and the weighted average rates paid for the periods indicated: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Noninterest-bearing demand 1,031,844 768,148 Interest-bearing NOW accounts 617,373 1.73 353,714 1.91 Money market and savings accounts 999,322 3.34 675,609 2.48 Time deposits 421,241 4.80 183,745 4.03 Total deposits 3,069,780 2.09 1,981,216 1.56 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Noninterest-bearing demand 784,609 829,082 Interest-bearing NOW accounts 446,759 2.05 290,326 1.52 Money market and savings accounts 767,916 3.13 674,452 2.03 Time deposits 312,544 4.81 170,620 3.43 Total deposits 2,311,828 2.09 1,964,480 1.22 
 The increase in the weighted average rate on deposits was primarily due to repricing deposits in the higher interest rate environment and peer bank deposit competition during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Beginning in March 2022 through September 2023, the Federal Reserve s FOMC raised the target Fed funds rate by 525 basis points. In its September 2024 meeting, the FOMC reduced the target Fed funds rate by 50 basis points. 
 The following table sets forth the maturities of time deposits at September 30, 2024: 
 (dollars in thousands) Three Months of Less Over Three Months through Six Months Over Six Months through Twelve Months Over Twelve Months Total Time deposits in amounts of 250,000 or less (1) 
 146,446 111,620 17,052 5,139 280,257 Time deposits in amounts over 250,000 (1) 
 119,047 21,567 20,457 891 161,962 Total time deposits 265,493 133,187 37,509 6,030 442,219 
 (1) Amounts exclude fair value adjustments for acquired time deposits. 
 
 Borrowings 
 Total borrowings decreased 33.7 million to 69.1 million at September 30, 2024 from 102.9 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was attributable to an 85.0 million decrease in FHLB overnight borrowings, offset by 50.8 million in fair value of borrowing acquired in the Merger. (Refer to Note 8 - Borrowing Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Financial Information , Part 1. Financial Statements of this filing). 
 A summary of outstanding borrowings, and related information, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 follows: 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 FHLB Advances Outstanding balance 85,000 Weighted average interest rate, end of period 5.70 Average balance outstanding during the period 26,105 26,390 Weighted average interest rate during the period 5.64 5.43 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during the period 70,000 85,000 Subordinated Notes Outstanding balance 73,000 18,000 Carrying value (1) 
 69,142 17,865 Weighted average interest rate, end of period 4.40 5.50 Average balance outstanding during the period (2) 
 29,425 17,818 Weighted average interest rate during the period (3) 
 7.08 6.09 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during the period 73,000 18,000 
 (1) Amount includes net unamortized issuance costs and fair value adjustments. 
 (2) Average balance outstanding includes average net unamortized issuance costs and average fair value adjustments for the periods presented. 
 (3) Weighted average interest rate includes issuance costs and fair value adjustments for the periods presented. 
 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Total shareholders equity was 498.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 288.2 million at December 31, 2023. The 209.9 million increase between periods was primarily due to the fair value of common stock issued in the Merger of 214.4 million and 825 thousand related to the acceleration of replacement awards issued for non-continuing CALB directors, executives and employees, a decrease in net of tax of unrealized losses on debt securities available-for-sale of 1.6 million, stock-based compensation expense of 4.7 million, and stock options exercised of 716 thousand, partially offset by net loss of 11.3 million and the repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock units of 968 thousand. 
 On June 14, 2023, we announced an authorized share repurchase plan, providing for the repurchase of up to 550,000 shares of our outstanding common stock, or approximately 3 of our then outstanding shares. Repurchases under the program may occur from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws and other restrictions. We intend to fund its repurchases from available working capital and cash provided by operating activities. The timing of repurchases, as well as the number of shares repurchased, will depend on a variety of factors, including price; trading volume; business, economic and general market conditions; and the terms of any Rule 10b5-1 plan adopted by us. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended, modified, or terminated at any time without prior notice. 
 There were no shares repurchased under this share repurchase plan during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Tangible book value per common share at September 30, 2024 was 11.28, compared with 13.56 at December 31, 2023. The 2.28 decrease in tangible book value per common share during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of the increase in shares outstanding as a result of the Merger, the net loss during the year, other comprehensive income related to changes in unrealized losses, net of taxes on available-for-sale, and the impact of share-based compensation expense. Tangible book value per common share is also impacted by certain other items, including amortization of intangibles, and share changes resulting from share-based compensation results. 
 Prior to the Merger, the holding company qualified for treatment under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement (Regulation Y, Appendix C) and, therefore, was not subject to consolidated capital 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 rules at the bank holding company level. Beginning in the third quarter of 2024, the holding company became subject to the consolidated capital rules at the bank holding company level. The Company s leverage capital ratio and total risk-based capital ratio were 10.55 and 12.65 , respectively, at September 30, 2024. The Bank s leverage capital ratio and total risk-based capital ratio were 12.41 and 12.53 , respectively, at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Market Risk Management 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet our cash flow requirements, including inflows and outflows of cash for depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs. Several factors influence our liquidity needs, including depositor and borrower activity, interest rate trends, changes in the economy, maturities, re-pricing and interest rate sensitivity of our debt securities, loan portfolio and deposits. We attempt to maintain a total liquidity ratio (liquid assets, including cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, fully disbursed loans held for sale, investments maturing one year or less, and available-for-sale debt securities not pledged as collateral expressed as a percentage of total deposits and short term debt) above approximately 10.0 . Our total liquidity ratios were 21.0 at September 30, 2024 and 11.1 at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we deployed our excess liquidity to repay high cost FHLB overnight advances of 85.0 million and callable and noncallable brokered time deposits totaling 131.9 million during the third quarter of 2024. 
 For additional information regarding our operating, investing, and financing cash flows, see Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in our consolidated financial statements contained in Item I. Financial Information , Part 1. Financial Statements of this filing. 
 California Bank of Commerce, N.A. (formerly Bank of Southern California, N.A.) 
 The Bank s primary sources of liquidity are derived from deposits from customers, principal and interest payments on loans and debt securities, FHLB advances and other borrowings. The Bank s primary uses of liquidity include customer withdrawals of deposits, extensions of credit to borrowers, operating expenses, and repayment of FHLB advances and other borrowings. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and debt securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had a secured line of credit of 786.1 million from the FHLB, of which 663.6 million was available. This secured borrowing arrangement is collateralized under a blanket lien on qualifying real estate loans and is subject to us providing adequate collateral and continued compliance with the Advances and Security Agreement and other eligibility requirements established by the FHLB. At September 30, 2024, we had pledged qualifying loans with an unpaid principal balance of 1.44 billion for this line. In addition, at September 30, 2024, we used 122.5 million of our secured FHLB borrowing capacity to have the FHLB issue letters of credit to meet collateral requirements for deposits from the State of California and other public agencies. There were no overnight borrowings at September 30, 2024. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had credit availability of 446.4 million at the Federal Reserve discount window to the extent of collateral pledged. At September 30, 2024, we had pledged our debt securities with an amortized cost of 56.3 million, and qualifying loans with an unpaid principal balance of 466.8 million as collateral through the Borrower-in-Custody BIC program. We had no discount window borrowings at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 We have six overnight unsecured credit lines from correspondent banks totaling 110.5 million. The lines are subject to annual review. There were no outstanding borrowings under these lines at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 California BanCorp 
 The primary sources of liquidity of the Company, on a stand-alone holding company basis, are derived from dividends from the Bank, borrowings, and its ability to issue debt and raise capital. The Company s primary uses of liquidity are operating expenses and payments of interest and principal on borrowings. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the cash and due from banks was 4.6 million and 3.6 million, respectively. 
 The Company maintains a revolving line of credit with a commitment of 3.0 million, This revolving line of credit bears interest, due quarterly, at a rate of Prime plus 0.40 and has a one-year term that matures in November 2024. This facility is secured by 100 of the common stock of the Bank. The revolving line of credit contains certain financial covenants, including but not limited to, minimum capital, classified asset, nonperforming asset, primary and secondary liquidity, and debt service coverage ratios. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the revolving line of credit. There were no borrowings under this revolving line of credit at September 30, 2024. 
 On May 28, 2020, we issued 18 million of 5.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2030 (the Notes ). The Notes which mature March 25, 2030 accrue interest at a fixed rate of 5.50 through the fixed rate period to March 26, 2025, after which interest accrues at a floating rate of 90-day SOFR plus 3.50 until maturity, unless redeemed early, at our option, after the end of the fixed rate period. Issuance costs of 475 thousand were incurred and are being amortized over the first 5-year fixed term of the Notes; unamortized issuance costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were 63 thousand and 135 thousand, respectively. The net unamortized issuance costs are netted against the balance and recorded in the borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization expenses are recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants and terms of the Notes. 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed 20 million in subordinated debt, with a fixed interest rate of 5.00 and a stated maturity of September 30, 2030. Beginning September 30, 2025, the interest rate changes to a quarterly variable rate equal to the then current 90-day SOFR plus 4.88 , until maturity, unless redeemed early, at the Company s option, after the end of the fixed-rate period. The subordinated debt was initially recognized with a fair value discount of 794 thousand. At September 30, 2024, the net unamortized fair value discount was 688 thousand. The net unamortized fair value discount is netted against the balance and recorded in borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of the fair value discount is recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and terms of these notes. 
 The Company also assumed in the Merger an additional 35 million in subordinated debt, with a fixed interest rate of 3.50 and a stated maturity of September 1, 2031. Beginning August 17, 2026, the interest rate changes to a quarterly variable rate equal to the then current 90-day SOFR plus 2.86 , until maturity, unless redeemed early, at the Company s option, after the end of the fixed-rate period. The subordinated debt was initially recognized with a fair value discount of 3.4 million. At September 30, 2024, the net unamortized fair value discount was 3.1 million. The net unamortized fair value discount is netted against the balance and recorded in borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of the fair value discount is recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and terms of these notes. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, consolidated cash and cash equivalents totaled 614.4 million, an increase of 527.6 million from 86.8 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in cash and cash equivalents is the result of 26.7 million in net cash provided by operating cash flows, 431.7 million net cash provided by investing cash flows, partially offset by 69.3 million of net cash flows used in financing cash flows. 
 Our operating cash flows are comprised of net income, adjusted for certain non-cash transactions, including but not limited to, depreciation and amortization, provision for credit losses, loans originated for sale and related gains and proceeds from sales, stock-based compensation, and amortization of net deferred loan costs and premiums. Net cash flows from operating cash flows were 26.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 41.5 million for the same 2023 period. The 14.9 million decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net income generated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and a 8.1 million decrease in net cash provided by sales of loans held for sale, net of originations, partially offset by a 4.8 million increase in loss on sale of OREO and a 25.4 million increase in provision of credit losses primarily related to the initial allowance for credit losses on acquired loans and unfunded commitments from the Merger. 
 Our investing cash flows are primarily comprised of cash inflows and outflows from our debt securities and loan portfolios, net cash acquired in business combinations, as applicable, and to a lesser extent, purchases of stock investments, purchases and proceeds from bank-owned life insurance, and capital expenditures. Net cash provided by investing activities was 431.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 42.7 million for the same 2023 period. The 474.4 million decrease in cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to the impact of the Merger and resulting cash acquired of 336.3 million, a decrease in net loan fundings of 110.6 million and a decrease in net investment securities purchased of 19.4 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of other real estate owned of 8.3 million. 
 Our financing cash flows are primarily comprised of inflows and outflows of deposits, borrowing activity, proceeds from the issuance of common shares, and to a lesser extent, repurchases of common shares and cash flows from share-based compensation arrangements. Net cash used in financing activities was 69.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 9.5 million for the same 2023 period. The 59.7 million increase in financing cash flows was primarily due to a 102.6 million net increase in deposit cash flows, offset by a 43.0 million increase in net repayment activity on overnight FHLB advances. 
 We believe that our liquidity sources are stable and are adequate to meet our day-to-day cash flow requirements as of September 30, 2024. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents information regarding our outstanding commitments and contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024: 
 (Dollars in thousands) One Year of Less Over One Year to Three Years Over Three Years to Five Years More than Five Years Total Commitments to extend credit 693,463 228,027 51,669 59,896 1,033,055 Letters of credit issued to customers 17,738 240 17,978 Total commitments 711,201 228,267 51,669 59,896 1,051,033 FHLB advances Subordinated notes (1) 
 73,000 73,000 Certificates of deposit 436,189 5,779 251 442,219 Lease obligations 4,058 7,825 4,737 2,591 19,211 Total contractual obligations 440,247 13,604 4,988 75,591 534,430 
 (1) Amounts exclude net unamortized issuance costs and fair value adjustments. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we also had unfunded commitments of 7.3 million and 3.2 million, respectively, for investments in other equity investments. 
 Capital Resources 
 Maintaining adequate capital is always an important objective of the Company. Abundant and high quality capital helps weather economic downturns and market volatility, protect depositors funds, and support growth, such as expanding the operations or making acquisitions. Capital is also a source of funds for loan demand and enables the Company to effectively manage its assets and liabilities. We are authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock of which 32,142,427 have been issued as of September 30, 2024. We are also authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which none have been issued as of September 30, 2024. On June 14, 2023, we announced an authorized share repurchase plan, providing for the repurchase of up to 550,000 shares of our outstanding common stock, or approximately 3 of our then outstanding shares. 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Bank s financial statements. Prior to the Merger with CALB during the third quarter of 2024, the holding company qualified for treatment under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement (Regulation Y, Appendix C) and, therefore, was not subject to consolidated capital rules at the bank holding company level. Beginning in the third quarter of 2024, the Company became subject to the consolidated capital rules at the bank holding company level. 
 Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the holding company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their respective assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. These capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. The holding company and Bank also elected to exclude the effects of credit loss accounting under CECL from common equity Tier 1 capital ratio for a three-year transitional period. 
 A holding company and bank considered to be adequately capitalized is required to maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 , a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . Banks considered to be well capitalized must 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 10.0 , a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.0 , a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 5.0 . 
 Basel III, the comprehensive regulatory capital rules for U.S. banking organizations, requires all banking organizations to maintain a capital conservation buffer above the minimum risk-based capital requirements in order to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions, stock repurchases and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The capital conservation buffer is exclusively comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, and it applies to each of the three risk-based capital ratios but not to the leverage ratio. Effective January 1, 2019, the capital conservation buffer increased by 0.625 to its fully phased-in 2.5 , such that the common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratio minimums inclusive of the capital conservation buffers were 7.0 , 8.5 , and 10.5 at June 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company and the Bank were in compliance with the capital conservation buffer requirements. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company and the Bank must maintain minimum ratios as set forth in the table below. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s and the Bank s regulatory capital ratios exceeded the regulatory capital requirements and the Bank is considered to be well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action PCA ). As of December 31, 2023, the Bank s regulatory capital ratios exceeded the regulatory capital requirements and the Bank is considered to be well capitalized under the regulatory framework for PCA. Management believes, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, that the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which each is subject. 
 To be categorized as well-capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum ratios as set forth in the table below. The following table also sets forth the Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios: 
 
 Amount of Capital Required To be To be Well- Adequately Capitalized under Actual Capitalized PCA Provisions (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of September 30, 2024: 
 California BanCorp: 
 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 478,321 12.65 302,513 8.0 N/A 
 N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 365,382 9.66 226,885 6.0 N/A N/A CET1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 365,382 9.66 170,163 4.5 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 365,382 10.55 138,588 4.0 N/A N/A California Bank of Commerce, N.A.: 
 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 473,738 12.53 302,427 8.0 378,033 10.0 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 429,941 11.37 226,820 6.0 302,427 8.0 CET1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 429,941 11.37 170,115 4.5 245,722 6.5 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 429,941 12.41 138,572 4.0 173,215 5.0 As of December 31, 2023: 
 California Bank of Commerce, N.A.: 
 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 289,743 13.51 171,575 8.0 214,469 10.0 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 270,341 12.61 128,681 6.0 171,575 8.0 CET1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 270,341 12.61 96,511 4.5 139,405 6.5 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 270,341 11.65 92,818 4.0 116,022 5.0 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Dividend Restrictions 
 The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Under federal law, the Bank may not declare a dividend in excess of its undivided profits and, absent the approval of the OCC, the Bank s primary banking regulator, if the total amount of dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year exceeds the total of the Bank s retained net income of that current period, year to date, combined with its retained net income for the preceding two years. The Bank also is prohibited from declaring or paying any dividend if, after making the dividend, the Bank would be considered undercapitalized (as defined by reference to other OCC regulations). Federal bank regulatory agencies have authority to prohibit banking institutions from paying dividends if those agencies determine that, based on the financial condition of the bank, such payment will constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 The Bank did not pay dividends to the Company during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The Federal Reserve limits the amount of dividends that bank holding companies may pay on common stock to income available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their ability to be a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, in consideration of the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policies. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no dividends declared to shareholders by the Company. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. We incur market risk in the normal course of business through exposures to market interest rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. Our primary market risk is interest rate risk, which is the risk of loss of net interest income or net interest margin resulting from changes in market interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk results from the following risks: 
 Repricing risk timing differences in the repricing and maturity of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; 
 Option risk changes in the expected maturities of assets and liabilities, such as borrowers ability to prepay loans at any time and depositors ability to redeem certificates of deposit before maturity; 
 Yield curve risk changes in the yield curve where interest rates increase or decrease in a nonparallel fashion; and 
 Basis risk changes in spread relationships between different yield curves, such as U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Prime Rate, Constant Maturity Treasury Rates CMT ). 
 Because our earnings are primarily dependent on our ability to generate net interest income, we focus on actively monitoring and managing the effects of adverse changes in interest rates on our net interest income. Our interest rate risk is overseen by our management Asset Liability Committee ALCO ). ALCO monitors our 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 compliance with regulatory guidance in the formulation and implementation of our interest rate risk program. ALCO reviews the results of our interest rate risk modeling quarterly to assess whether we have appropriately measured our interest rate risk, mitigated our exposures appropriately and any residual risk is acceptable. In addition to our annual review of this policy, our Board of Directors explicitly reviews the interest rate risk policy limits at least annually. 
 Interest rate risk management is an active process that encompasses monitoring loan and deposit flows complemented by investment and funding activities. Effective management of interest rate risk begins with understanding the dynamic characteristics of assets and liabilities and determining the appropriate interest rate risk posture given business forecasts, management objectives, market expectations, and policy constraints. Changes in interest rates may result in interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing at different times, on a different basis or in unequal amounts. In addition, it is not uncommon for rates on certain assets or liabilities to lag behind changes in the market rates of interest. Additionally, prepayments of loans and early withdrawals of certificates of deposit could cause interest sensitivities to vary. 
 Our interest rate risk exposure is measured and monitored through various risk management tools, including a simulation model that performs interest rate sensitivity analysis under multiple scenarios. The simulation model is based on the actual maturities and re-pricing characteristics of the Bank s interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities. The simulated interest rate scenarios include an instantaneous parallel shift in the yield curve. In order to model and evaluate interest rate risk, we use two approaches: Net Interest Income at Risk NII at Risk ), and Economic Value of Equity EVE ). Under NII at Risk, the impact on net interest income from changes in interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is modeled over the 
 next 12 months from immediate and sustained changes in interest rates utilizing various assumptions for assets and liabilities. EVE measures the period end market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities and the change in this value as rates change. EVE is a period end measurement. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out by our management with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the Company s quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various claims and lawsuits arising in the course of their normal business activities. Although the ultimate outcome of these suits cannot be ascertained at this time, it is the opinion of management that none of these matters, even if it resolved adversely to the Company, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There were no material changes to the Company s risk factors described under Item 1A. Risk Factors disclosed in Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On June 14, 2023, we announced an authorized share repurchase plan, providing for the repurchase of up to 550,000 shares of our outstanding common stock, or approximately 3 of our then outstanding shares. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended, modified, or terminated at any time without prior notice. There were no shares repurchased under this share repurchase plan during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of us or any affiliated purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the periods indicated: 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total number of shares (or units) purchased Average price paid per share (or unit) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1 - 31, 2024 550,000 August 1 - 31, 2024 550,000 September 1 - 30, 2024 550,000 Total 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None of our directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of January 30, 2024 by and between Southern California Bancorp and California BanCorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 30, 2024) 
 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of California BanCorp 
 3.2 Agreement of Merger dated as of July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2024) 
 3.3 Bylaws of California BanCorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2024) 
 10.1 
 Executive Supplemental Compensation Agreement by and between California Bank of Commerce and Steven E. Shelton (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.14 to CBC s Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020) 
 10.2 
 Amendment to Executive Supplemental Compensation Agreement by and between California Bank of Commerce, N.A. and Steven E. Shelton dated as of July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2024) 
 10.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement effective January 13, 2019 by and between California Bank of Commerce and Steven E. Shelton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to CBC s Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020) 
 10.4 
 Executive Supplemental Compensation Agreement by and between California Bank of Commerce and Thomas A. Sa (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to CBC s Form 10 filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020) 
 10.5 California Bank of Commerce Split-Dollar Agreement dated January 14, 2020 by and between California Bank of Commerce and Thomas A. Sa (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2024) 
 10.6 Separation and Release Agreement dated as of September 20, 2024, by and among Thomas A. Sa, California BanCorp and California Bank of Commerce, N.A. 
 10.7 
 California Bancorp 2017 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2024) 
 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated California BanCorp 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification (Principal Executive Officer) 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification (Principal Financial Officer) 
 32 
 Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 Certification 
 101 The following financial statements and footnotes from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CALIFORNIA BANCORP 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Steven E. Shelton 
 Steven E. Shelton 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Thomas Dolan Thomas Dolan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 110 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 certifiedrestatedarticle.htm
 EX-3.1

certifiedrestatedarticle 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 thomassa-separationandrele.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 California BanCorp and California Bank of Commerce, N.A. Bank and Thomas A. Sa Employee hereby enter into this Separation and Release Agreement (the Agreement ). The parties agree as follows 
 1. Consideration for Release . On September 20, 2024 Separation Date Employee s employment with the Bank and all of its affiliates terminated and Employee hereby resigns as of the Separation Date from officer and director position with such entities. Reference is made to the Employee's Termination and Waiver Agreement, dated January 30, 2024 Termination Agreement ), and Offer Letter and Employment Agreement, as such terms are defined in the Termination Agreement (such agreements, Employment Documents ). In consideration for the releases and covenants contained in this Agreement, Bank shall pay to Employee the sums described in paragraph 18, except as noted below in 1(a), of the Employment Agreement and such sums shall be subject to paragraph 24 of the Employment Agreement. For clarity, Base Salary is defined as 365,554. 
 1(a). Employee agrees that in lieu of the acceleration of the vesting of all outstanding and unvested equity awards previously granted to Employee as stated in paragraph 18 of the Employment Agreement, Employee will receive 101,112, which is the cash equivalent of all such outstanding and unvested equity awards that Employee received prior to 2024. Employee further agrees that any equity awards received in 2024 and all other unvested equity awards, including on March 25, 2024 under the California BanCorp 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and on August 2, 2024, under the 2019 Southern California Bancorp Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, are hereby forfeited as of the Separation Date. 
 Employee acknowledges that the payment of such sums provides good, sufficient and valuable consideration for Employee's covenants, waivers, and releases contained in this Agreement. Employee understands that Bank s willingness to pay such sums is contingent upon Employee's fulfillment of his obligations contained herein. If Employee revokes this Agreement as described in Section 5 below, Bank shall be released from its obligations under this Agreement and paragraph 18 of the Employment Agreement. 
 2. General Mutual Release . In exchange for the consideration described in this Agreement the adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, each party hereto, on behalf of himself or itself and his or its heirs, successors and assigns, hereby fully releases and forever discharges the other party hereto, including each of their officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, parent company, affiliates and or subsidiaries and successor and predecessor of such entities, from any and all claims, actions and liabilities of any kind or character whatsoever, arising at law or in equity, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that such party has ever had, now has or may now have against the other party, including, without limitation, all claims directly or indirectly related to or arising out of Employee's employment by Bank, the performance of his duties during that employment, and or the termination of or his resignation from that employment. This waiver and release specifically includes, but is not limited to, all claims, if any, whether arising in tort or in contract, related to Employee's employment, including any and all claims for wrongful discharge or wrongful termination claims for alleged 

Exhibit 10.6 

 violation of public policy or breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing claims for breach of fiduciary duty claims for negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress claims arising in connection with Employee's compensation, benefits, warrants and or stock options claims for breach of express or implied contract or for further monetary compensation by way of additional salary or bonus allegedly due Employee by reason of his employment with Bank and all other claims, based on common law or federal or state statute, including claims for discrimination based on age arising under state statute or the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers' Benefits Protection Act, or any similar federal or state law prohibiting age discrimination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the claims released by the Bank and its officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, parent company, affiliates and or subsidiaries and successor and predecessor of such entities (including all of its successors and predecessors) in this Section do not include (i) any intentional acts by Employee that are outside the course and scope of Employee's employment with Bank or its predecessors, (ii) any claim for fraud, willful misconduct or actions taken by Executive in bad faith and (iii) any claims not waivable by under applicable law. This Agreement will not affect Employee's entitlement to benefits described in the Employment Agreement (including Employee's right to continued healthcare under the Employment Agreement and or COBRA), or any non-waivable benefits under California's unemployment or worker's compensation laws. If there is a good faith dispute between the parties as to whether Employee is owed any additional payments, including but not 
 limited to wages, commissions, bonuses, PTO, vacation, sick leave, holidays, reimbursements, benefits, and or penalties, except for the compensation and benefits explicitly stated in Section 1 above, and Employee is willing to compromise and resolve all such claims by accepting such payments and under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Waiver of Unknown Claims or Rights . Employee has reviewed and hereby expressly waives the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which provides as follows A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. This Agreement extends to all claims or causes of action, of every nature and kind whatsoever, known or unknown, enumerated in this Agreement or otherwise. Employee may hereafter discover presently unknown facts or claims different from or in addition to those that Employee now knows as to the matters released herein. Nevertheless, it is Employee's intention, through this Agreement, to fully release all such matters and all claims related thereto, which do now exist, may exist or heretofore have existed. 
 
 4. Knowing and Voluntary Agreement . Employee acknowledges he is freely and voluntarily entering into this Agreement based on his own judgment and not as a result of any representations or promises made by Bank, other than those contained in this Agreement. Employee also acknowledges that he has been given a full opportunity to review this Agreement with an attorney, and has signed it only after full reflection and analysis of its prov1s10ns. 
 5. Review Period, Acceptance, ADEA Waiver. Waiting and Revocation Period . Employee acknowledges and understands that the release of claims under the Age 

Exhibit 10.6 

 Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), 29 U.S.C. Sections 621-634, is subject to special waiver protections under 29 U.S.C. Section 626(f). In accordance with the ADEA and the Older Workers benefits Protection Act OWBPA ), Employee specifically agrees that he is knowingly and voluntarily releasing and waiving any rights or claims of age discrimination under the ADEA. In particular he acknowledges that he understands that 
 (i) he is not waiving any claims for age discrimination under the ADEA that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement and he is not waiving vested benefits if any 
 (ii) he is waiving rights or claims for age discrimination under the ADEA in exchange for payments described above, which are in addition to anything of value to which he is already entitled and 
 (iii) this Section 5 and this Agreement are written in a manner which Employee fully understands and he is hereby advised in writing to consult with and has had an opportunity to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement. 
 Employee understands and agrees that he has up to 21 days to review this Agreement. This Agreement is revocable by Employee for seven days following his signing of this Agreement Revocation Period ). This Agreement automatically becomes enforceable and effective on the eighth (8th) day after the Agreement is signed by Employee, provided there has been no timely revocation. 
 
 6. Non-Execution or Revocation of Agreement . In the event that Employee does not execute this Agreement or revokes it within the time provided, he shall not be entitled to receive the payment described in Section 1 of this Agreement. 
 7. Warranties . Employee warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise on or against any potential claims or causes of action released herein, and, further, that Employee is fully entitled and duly authorized to give this complete and final general release and discharge. Employee warrants that he has not filed any lawsuits or administrative claims against Bank, and he is not aware of any claims, filed by him against Bank in any forum, that are pending. 
 8. Other . Within 3 days of executing this Agreement, Employee must return to Employer all Employer's property, records, documents, electronically stored information, and tangible embodiments of such, in Employee's possession, including but not limited to Bank's trade secrets, confidential information and proprietary information, vehicles, pagers, keys, key cards, cellular phones, credit cards, personal and laptop computers, and any other electronic equipment. Employee hereby confirms that all of the covenants to which Employee is subject under Confidentiality of Customer Information and Confidentiality of Information Regarding the Bank sections of the Offer Letter, under Bank's Proprietary Information and Trade Secrets Agreement, as such document is referred to in the Offer Letter and under any other agreement by and between Employee and the Bank (or any of its affiliates) (collectively, the Restrictive Covenants will remain in full force and effect according to their terms prior to and following the Separation Agreement. Upon any breach by Employee of the Restrictive Covenants, Employee shall forfeit Employee's right to receive payments and benefits set forth in Section 1 

Exhibit 10.6 

 hereof, other than 1,000, and such forfeiture shall not limit, restrict, or otherwise affect Employee's continuing obligations under the Restrictive Covenants. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) Employee will not be prohibited from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation, nor is Employee required to notify the Bank regarding any such reporting, disclosure or cooperation with the government and (ii) no provision contained in this Agreement or any other agreement is intended to conflict with Section 1833(b) of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. 
 9. Right to Consult Legal Counsel. Bank hereby advises Employee to seek the advice of legal counsel of Employee's choosing prior to signing this Agreement, and by signing this Agreement and the general release herein, Employee affirms that Employee fully understands Employee's right to seek the advice of legal counsel. Employee acknowledges that Employee has been informed of Employee's right to consult an attorney, that Employee has been given a reasonable time of at least five business days to do so, and that if Employee signs and accepts the terms of this Agreement before the end of five business days , Employee does so knowingly and voluntarily and not as a result of any improper inducement by the Bank. 

The parties have read and understand the terms of this Agreement, have had an opportunity to consult with an attorney , and hereby voluntarily and knowingly agree to its terms. 

s Thomas A. Sa Date 9 20 24 Thomas A. Sa CALIFORNIA BANCORP By s David I. Ranier Date 9 20 24 Its Chaiman of the Board CALIFORNIA BANK OF COMMERCE, N.A. By s Steven E. Shelton Date 9 20 24 Its Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 bcalq3-2024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven E. Shelton, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of California BanCorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Steven E. Shelton Steven E. Shelton Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 bcalq3-2024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas Dolan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of California BanCorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Thomas Dolan Thomas Dolan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 6
 bcalq3-2024exhibit320.htm
 EX-32.0

Document 

Exhibit 32.0 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity as an officer of California BanCorp (the Company that this Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report. 

Date November 14, 2024 
 s Steven E. Shelton Steven E. Shelton Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 14, 2024 
 s Thomas Dolan Thomas Dolan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bcal-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bcal-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bcal-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bcal-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bcal-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

