<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1692787_0001692787-24-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11400869</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132525</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1733097</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4415952</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2595277</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2267094</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001692787-24-000052.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107175015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001692787-24-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kinetik Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				814675947
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38048
		FILM NUMBER:		241437360

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 POST OAK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-621-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 POST OAK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altus Midstream Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kayne Anderson Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001692787-24-000052.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 apa-20240930.htm
 10-Q

apa-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of registrant s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 
 Number of shares of registrant s Class C Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 1 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 1 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS - AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 2 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 3 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS - THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 5 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 7 
 1. DESCRIPTION OF THE ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 7 
 2. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
 8 
 3. REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 11 
 4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 12 
 5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 
 13 
 6. EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS 
 13 
 7. DEBT AND FINANCING COSTS 
 15 
 8. ACCRUED EXPENSES 
 17 
 9. EQUITY 
 17 
 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 18 
 11. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
 18 
 12. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
 20 
 13. INCOME TAXES 
 22 
 14. NET INCOME PER SHARE 
 23 
 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 23 
 16. SEGMENTS 
 24 
 17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 28 
 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 29 
 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 42 
 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 43 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 44 
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 44 
 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 44 
 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 44 
 6. EXHIBITS 
 45 
 SIGNATURES 
 47 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms which may be used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and certain terms which are commonly used in the exploration, production and midstream sectors of the oil and natural gas industry: 
 ASU. Accounting Standards Updates 
 Bbl. One stock tank barrel of 42 United States U.S. gallons liquid volume used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids 
 Bcf. One billion cubic feet 
 Bcf/d. One Bcf per day 
 Btu. One British thermal unit, which is the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water by one-degree Fahrenheit 
 CODM . Chief Operating Decision Maker 
 Delaware Basin . Located on the western section of the Permian Basin. The Delaware Basin covers a 6.4 million acre area 
 Field. An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition. The field name refers to the surface area, although it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations 
 FASB. Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 GAAP . United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 MBbl. One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs 
 MBbl/d. One MBbl per day 
 Mcf. One thousand cubic feet of natural gas 
 Mcf/d. One Mcf per day 
 MMBtu. One million Btus 
 MMcf. One million cubic feet of natural gas 
 MMcf/d. One MMcf per day 
 MVC . Minimum volume commitments 
 NGL or NGLs. Natural gas liquids. Hydrocarbons found in natural gas, which may be extracted as liquefied petroleum gas and natural gasoline 
 Throughput. The volume of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, water and refined petroleum products transported or passing through a pipeline, plant, terminal or other facility during a particular period 
 SEC . United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SOFR . Secured overnight financing rate 

ii 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, could, expect, intend, project, estimate, anticipate, plan, believe, continue, seek, guidance, might, outlook, possibly, potential, prospect, should, would, or similar terminology. The absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable under the circumstances, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, assumptions about: 
 our ability to integrate operations or realize any anticipated benefits, savings or growth from the Durango Acquisition (as defined herein). See Note 2 Business Combinations in the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in this Form 10-Q; 
 the market prices of oil, natural gas, NGLs and other products or services; 
 competition from other pipelines, terminals or other forms of transportation and competition from other service providers for gathering system capacity and availability; 
 production rates, throughput volumes, reserve levels and development success of dedicated oil and gas fields; 
 our future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, compliance with debt covenants and competitive position; 
 our future revenues, cash flows and expenses; 
 our access to capital and our anticipated liquidity; 
 our future business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations; 
 the amount, nature and timing of our future capital expenditures, including future development costs; 
 the risks associated with potential acquisitions, divestitures, new joint ventures or other strategic opportunities; 
 the recruitment and retention of our officers and personnel; 
 the likelihood of success of and impact of litigation and other proceedings, including regulatory proceedings; 
 our assessment of our counterparty risk and the ability of our counterparties to perform their future obligations; 
 the impact of federal, state and local political, regulatory and environmental developments where we conduct our business operations; 
 the occurrence of an extreme weather event, terrorist attack or other event that materially impacts project construction and our operations, including cyber or other operational electronic systems; 
 our ability to successfully implement, execute and achieve our sustainability goals and initiatives; 
 the realizability and valuation allowance assessment of our net deferred tax asset position; 
 general economic and political conditions, including the armed conflicts in Ukraine, Israel and the Gaza Strip and elsewhere in the Middle East, the impact of continued inflation, central bank policy actions and other factors; and other factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on March 5, 2024. 
 Other factors or events that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from the Company s expectations may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors or events. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company, or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether based on changes in internal estimates or expectations, new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Operating revenues: Service revenue Product revenue Other revenue Total operating revenues (1) 
 Operating costs and expenses: Costs of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (2) (3) 
 Operating expenses Ad valorem taxes General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses Loss on disposal of assets 
 Total operating costs and expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest and other income Loss on debt extinguishment ) Gain on sale of equity method investment Interest expense ) ) ) ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates Total other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income including noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Common Unit limited partners Net income attributable to Class A Common Stock Shareholders Net income attributable to Class A Common Shareholders, per share 
 Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares 
 Basic Diluted 
 (1) and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 (3) million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for certain volumes where we act as principal. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (In thousands, except shares data) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2024 and 2023 (1) 
 Accounts receivable pledged 
 Derivative assets Prepaid and other current assets NONCURRENT ASSETS: Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Derivative asset, non-current Deferred tax assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred charges and other assets Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES, NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Derivative liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current debt obligations 
 Other current liabilities NONCURRENT LIABILITIES Long term debt, net Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 15) 
 EQUITY: Class A Common Stock: par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class C Common Stock: par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Deferred consideration 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total equity ) ) Total liabilities, noncontrolling interest, and equity 
 (1) million associated with related parties as of December 31, 2023. related party balance as of September 30, 2024. See Note 1 Description of the Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Polices in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income including noncontrolling interest 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of contract costs Contingent liabilities fair value adjustment Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates Derivatives settlement ) Derivative fair value adjustment ) Warrants fair value adjustment ) Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 ) Loss on disposal of assets Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and pledged receivable ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities Other non-current liabilities ) Operating leases ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Property, plant and equipment expenditures ) ) Intangible assets expenditures ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Net cash paid for acquisition of interest in unconsolidated affiliate 
 ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliate Cash proceeds from sale of equity method investment 
 Cash proceeds from disposals of assets 
 Net cash paid for acquisition 
 ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from borrowings under A/R Facility 
 Payments on A/R Facility ) Payments on Term Loan Credit Facility 
 ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Payment of debt discount 
 ) Proceeds from revolver Payments of revolver ) ) Cash dividends paid to Class A Common Stock shareholders ) ) Distributions paid to Class C Common Unit limited partners ) ) Repurchase of Class A Common Stock ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 ) Net change in cash ) 
 3 

Table of Contents 

KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes, net 
 Property and equipment and intangible accruals in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 Class A Common Stock issued through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Fair value of Durango assets acquired (1) 
 Cash consideration paid 
 Class C Common Units issued in exchange 
 Deferred consideration 
 Contingent consideration 
 Durango liabilities assumed 
 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Unit Limited Partners Class A Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Deferred Consideration Shares (1) 
 Amount (In thousands) For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Retirement of treasury stock ) Share-based compensation Net income Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions paid to Common Unit limited partners ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Net income Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Recognition of deferred tax asset ) ) Distribution paid to Common Unit limited partners ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Unit Limited Partners Class A Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Deferred Consideration Shares (1) 
 Amount (In thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Redemption of Common Units ) ) Issuance of common stock through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Retirement of treasury stock ) Repurchase of Class A Common Stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation Net income Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions paid to Common Unit limited partners ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Durango Acquisition 
 Redemption of Common Units ) ) Issuance of common stock through dividend and distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Net income Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Recognition of deferred tax asset Distribution paid to Common Unit limited partners ) Dividends on Class A Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) million shares of Class C Common Stock is to be issued on July 1, 2025. Fair value of the deferred consideration was included in the Redeemable noncontrolling interest Common Units limited partners of the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by Kinetik Holdings Inc. (the Company ), without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. They reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for interim periods, on a basis consistent with the annual audited financial statements, with the exception of recently adopted accounting pronouncements. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. Certain information, accounting policies and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read along with the Company s audited financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024 . 

1. 
 limited partner interest in Kinetik Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ). As the owner of the non-economic general partner interest in the Partnership, the Company is responsible for all operational, management and administrative decisions related to, and consolidates the results of, the Partnership and its subsidiaries. 
 The Company provides comprehensive gathering, produced water disposal, transportation, compression, processing and treating services necessary to bring natural gas, NGLs and crude oil to market. Additionally, the Company owns equity interests in separate Permian Basin pipeline entities that have access to various markets along the U.S. Gulf Coast. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 The accounting policies that we follow are set forth in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. There were no significant updates or revisions to our accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, except as discussed herein. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

of the Company s common stock prior to its secondary offerings completed in December 2023 and March 2024. Pursuant to ASC 850 , Related Party Transactions of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 404(a), Apache ceased to be a related party as of March 18, 2024 as it longer owned any of the Company s common stock. In 2024, for the period ended March 18, 2024, revenue from Apache was million, cost of sales was million and operating expenses were million. In 2023, revenue from Apache was million and million, cost of sales was million and million, and operating expenses were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 In addition, the Company incurs cost of sales with two of its equity method investment EMI pipeline entities, Permian Highway Pipeline LLC PHP and Breviloba, LLC Breviloba ). The Company pays a demand fee to PHP and pays a capacity fee to Breviloba for certain volumes moving on the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded cost of sales of million and million, respectively, with these affiliates. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded cost of sales of million and million, respectively, with these affiliates. 

2. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

million (the Durango Acquisition ), consisting of (i) million of cash consideration paid at closing, (ii) approximately million shares of Class C Common Stock, par value per share of the Company Class C Common Stock (and an equivalent number of common units in the Partnership OpCo Units )), valued at million, issued at closing and (iii) approximately million shares of Class C Common Stock (and an equivalent number of OpCo Units), valued at million, to be issued on July 1, 2025. Durango Seller is also entitled to an earn out of up to million in cash contingent upon the Kings Landing gas processing complex in Eddy County, New Mexico (the Kings Landing Project ), which is currently under construction, being placed into service (the Kings Landing Earnout ). The Kings Landing Earnout is subject to reduction based on actual capital costs associated with the Kings Landing Project. The Durango Acquisition allows the Company to further expand its footprint into New Mexico and across the Northern Delaware Basin. 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation was based on Durango s latest financial statements available as of May 31, 2024, and included preliminary adjustments for working capital and fair value of underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Both observable and non-observable market data, thus Level 2 and Level 3 inputs, are used in the assessment of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed listed in the below table. , which is consistent with the Company s policy over similar facilities and equipment. . The assumed liabilities are approximate to fair value at the Closing Date. Acquired net assets from this business combination were included in the Midstream Logistic segment. In addition, the Company recorded a contingent liability related to the Kings Landing Earnout based on project completion probability, see additional information in Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in this Form 10-Q. 
 Since the Closing Date, the Company has made necessary adjustments to the purchase price allocation as information about facts and circumstances that existed at the Closing Date have become available. This included certain working capital adjustments as a result of obtaining Durango s closing balance sheet as of June 30, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company identified working capital adjustments of million resulting from the final closing balance sheet, and valuation adjustments related to the long-lived assets and intangible assets of million, resulting in a decrease in goodwill of million. The Company will continue to identify necessary adjustments to finalize the purchase price allocation during the 12-month period following the Closing Date as we obtain the remaining original cost data for our tangible asset valuation, as well as complete our evaluation of the potential liabilities assumed, including certain historical environmental exposures. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable Prepaid and other current assets 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Deferred charges and other assets 
 Operating lease ROU assets 
 Total assets acquired Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Contract liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Total liabilities assumed Contingent consideration (1) 
 Consideration transferred 
 
 (1) Therefore, the Company records the contingent consideration at fair value as of September 30, 2024. Additional discussion in Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in this Form 10-Q. 
 The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which were included in the General and administrative expenses of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations included results of operations from Durango starting from the Closing Date through September 30, 2024, which included revenues of million and million, and net income including noncontrolling interest of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Supplemental Pro Forma Information 
 Net income including noncontrolling interest 
 Given the assumed pro forma transaction date of January 1, 2023, we removed million of acquisition-related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and recognized million of acquisition-related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We also removed million of interest expense on Durango s debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, as if the business combination had occurred and the debt had been paid off on January 1, 2023. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

million together with a new midstream service agreement. Midstream assets acquired consisted of water gathering and disposal assets of million and intangible right-of-way assets of million. In addition, the Partnership entered into an incentive and acceleration agreement related to near term supplemental development activities on acreage dedicated for midstream services to affiliates of the Partnership. million was capitalized as a contract asset in accordance with ASC 606, of which million was included in Prepaid and Other Current Assets and million was included in Deferred Charges and Other Assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the date of acquisition. Acquired net assets from this business combination were included in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Goodwill 
 The Company had goodwill of million recorded in the Midstream Logistic segment related to a past business combination as of September 30, 2024. Goodwill is tested at least annually, or more frequently as events occur or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Company s management assessed whether there have been events or circumstances that trigger the fair value of the reporting unit to be lower than its net carrying value since consummation of the respective business combination and concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2024. 

3. 
 Natural gas, NGLs and condensate sales Other revenue Total revenues 
 There have been no significant changes to the Company s contracts with customers during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 aside from the addition of certain gas gathering and processing agreements associated with the Durango acquisition. The Company did recognize revenues from MVC deficiency payments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and recognized million and million of revenues from MVC deficiency payments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Reclassification of beginning contract liabilities to revenue as a result of performance obligations being satisfied ) Cash received in advance and not recognized as revenue Balance at September 30, 2024 Less: Current portion Non-current portion 
 Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of satisfying performance obligations under a contract, which result from contribution in aid of construction payments. 
 Contract Cost Assets 
 The Company has capitalized certain costs incurred to obtain a contract or additional contract dedicated acreage or volumes that would not have been incurred if the contract or associated acreage and volumes had not been obtained. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had contract acquisition cost assets of million and million, respectively. The Company recognized cost of sales associated with these assets of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

4. 
 Vehicles Computers and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total depreciable assets, net Construction in progress Land Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 These amounts represent property that is not yet available to be placed into productive service as of the respective reporting date. The Company recorded million and million of depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were impairment triggering events for property, plant and equipment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 Right of way assets Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total amortizable intangible assets, net 
 The fair value of acquired customer contracts was capitalized as a result of acquiring favorable customer contracts as of the closing dates of certain past acquisitions and is being amortized using a straight-line method over the remaining terms of the customer contracts, which range from one to . Right-of-way assets relate primarily to underground pipeline easements which generally have a useful life of and are amortized using the straight-line method. The right of way agreements are typically for an initial term of with an option to renew for an additional at agreed upon renewal rates based on certain indices or up to of the original consideration paid. 
 On September 30, 2024, the remaining weighted average amortization periods for customer contracts and right of way assets were approximately years and years, respectively. The overall remaining weighted average amortization period for the intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 was approximately years. 
 The Company recorded million and million of amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There was impairment recognized on intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

6. 
 Breviloba 
 Epic Crude Holdings, LP EPIC (1) 
 Gulf Coast Express Pipeline LLC GCX (2) 
 
 (1) Investment balance is primarily comprised of the additional interest that was acquired during July 2024. 
 (2) The Company owned of GCX as of December 31, 2023 and divested entire ownership in June 2024. 
 During the quarter, the Company entered into an Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement with third parties to purchase a equity interest in EPIC, increasing our total equity interest in EPIC to . As the increase in ownership did not result in a controlling interest, and did not represent the funding of prior losses, the Company resumed accounting for its investment in EPIC using the equity method of accounting upon the closing of the acquisition of the additional interests during July 2024. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

equity interest in GCX to GCX Pipeline, LLC (the "GCX Buyer") for an adjusted price of million (the "GCX Sale"), including a million earn out in cash upon the approval by the GCX Board of Directors of one or more capital projects that achieve certain capacity expansion criteria. The Company recognized a net gain of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in relation to this transaction. 
 The unamortized basis differences included in the EMI pipeline balances were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These amounts represent differences in the Company s contributions to date and the Company s underlying equity in the separate net assets within the financial statements of the respective entities. There was capitalized interest of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Contributions and acquisitions 
 Distributions (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Disposition ) ) Equity income, net (2) 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) Distributions consisted of distributions from a return on investment of million, which was included in cash flows from operating activities and distributions from a return of investment of million, which was included in cash flows from investing activities. 
 million from PHP, million from Breviloba, LLC, million from GCX and accretion of million from EPIC. 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 Operating income Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Permian Highway Pipeline LLC Breviloba, LLC EPIC Crude Holdings, LP Permian Highway Pipeline LLC Breviloba, LLC EPIC Crude Holdings, LP (In thousands) Revenues Operating income Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

7. 
 million A/R Facility with PNC Bank, as the administrative agent, and certain purchasers party thereto from time to time, which has a scheduled termination date of April 1, 2025. The aggregate fees and expenses paid directly to third parties in obtaining the A/R Facility totaled million and were capitalized as debt issuance costs and included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as a current asset within Prepaid and other current assets , amortized over the term of the A/R Facility to interest expense using the effective-interest method. There were unamortized debt issuance costs related to the A/R Facility of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Pursuant to the A/R Facility, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries continuously transfer receivables to Kinetik Receivables and Kinetik Receivables transfers receivables that meet certain qualifying conditions to third-party purchasers in exchange for cash. These receivables are held by Kinetik Receivables and are pledged to secure the collectability of the sold receivables and are accounted for as secured borrowings. The amount available for borrowing at any one time under the A/R Facility is limited to an amount calculated based on the outstanding balance of eligible receivables sold to the purchasers, subject to certain reserves, concentration limits, and other limitations. Under the A/R Facility, the Company is subject to pay a yield to the purchasers equal to SOFR plus a spread adjustment of and a drawn fee of . The Company also pays a fee of on the undrawn committed amount of the A/R Facility. Yield and fees payable by the Company under the AR Facility are due monthly. As of September 30, 2024, eligible accounts receivable of million were pledged to the A/R Facility as collateral. 
 The Partnership has continuing involvement with the receivables transferred by Kinetik Receivables to the third-party purchasers by providing collection services. 
 The A/R Facility is linked to sustainability performance targets SPTs with respect to (a) female representation in corporate officer positions and (b) reduction in methane emissions intensity. A positive and fee and yield rate adjustments will be applied, respectively, if neither of the SPTs have been satisfied and a negative and fee and interest rate adjustments will be applied, respectively, if both of the SPTs have been satisfied. 
 The net proceeds of the A/R Facility were used, together with cash on hand, to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the existing term loan credit facility Term Loan Credit Facility ), lowering the remaining balance to billion. As a result, the maturity of the Term Loan Credit Facility extended to December 8, 2026. The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million for the partial payment made on the Term Loan Credit Facility. 
 Total current debt obligations 
 Unsecured term loan senior unsecured notes due 2030 2030 Notes 
 senior unsecured notes due 2028 2028 Notes 
 billion revolving line of credit 
 Total long-term debt Debt issuance costs, net (1) 
 ) ) Unamortized debt premiums and discounts, net Total long-term debt, net 
 (1) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs related to the revolving line of credit. Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the revolving line of credit were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) ) ) Debt issuance costs Interest expense Total financing costs, net of capitalized interest 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2030 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the Term Loan Credit Facility were million and million, respectively, and unamortized debt premiums and discount, net, associated with the 2028 Notes and the unsecured term loan were million and million, respectively. 
 Compliance with our Covenants 
 Each of the revolving credit agreements with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and the Term Loan Credit Facility, contain customary covenants and restrictive provisions which may, among other things, limit the Partnership s ability to create liens, incur additional indebtedness and make restricted payments and the Partnership s ability to liquidate, dissolve, consolidate with or merge into or with any other person. The 2030 Notes and the 2028 Notes also contain covenants and restrictive provisions, which may, among other things, limit the Partnership s and its subsidiaries ability to create liens to secure indebtedness. 
 The A/R Facility contains covenants and restrictive provisions with respect to the Partnership and Kinetik Receivables that are customary for accounts receivable securitization facilities. As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership was in compliance with all customary and financial covenants. 
 Letters of Credit 
 Our billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility scheduled to mature on or before June 8, 2027 can be used for letters of credit. Our obligations with respect to related letters of credit totaled million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Revolving Credit Facility has a borrowing base of million available. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The fair value of the Company and its subsidiaries consolidated debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was billion and billion, respectively. On September 30, 2024, the senior unsecured notes fair value was based on Level 1 inputs, the Term Loan Credit Facility and Revolving Credit Facility s fair value was based on Level 3 inputs and the A/R Facility s fair value approximates its carrying value due to its short term nature. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 Accrued taxes Accrued salaries, vacation, and related benefits Accrued capital expenditures Accrued interest Accrued other expenses Total accrued expenses 
 Accrued product purchases mainly accrue the liabilities related to producer payments and any additional business-related miscellaneous fees we owe to third parties, such as transport or capacity fees as of September 30, 2024. 

9. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Common Units were redeemed on a -for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share of the Company Class A Common Stock and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock were cancelled. In addition, as part of the Durango Acquisition purchase price consideration, approximately million shares of Class C Common Stock and an equivalent number of Common Units were issued at closing. There were million Common Units and an equal number of Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and million shares of Class C Common Stock and equivalent number of Common Units of deferred consideration for the Durango Acquisition that will be issued on July 1, 2025. The Common Units fair value was approximately billion, including deferred consideration valued as of September 30, 2024. 
 Common Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were million and million shares, respectively, of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding (collectively, Common Stock ). In addition, million shares of Class C Common Stock will be issued as deferred consideration for the Durango Acquisition on July 1, 2025. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any of its Class A Common Stock under the Repurchase Program. 
 Dividend 
 On August 7, 2024, the Company made cash dividend payments of million to holders of Class A Common Stock and Common Units and million was reinvested in shares of Class A Common Stock. The significant decrease in the amount reinvested in shares of Class A Common Stock compared with prior quarters was due to the automatic termination of the Dividend and Distribution Reinvestment Agreement on March 8, 2024. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

10. 
 Interest rate derivatives Total assets Commodity swaps Interest rate derivatives Contingent liability 
 Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In thousands) Commodity swap Interest rate derivatives Total assets Commodity swaps Interest rate derivatives Total liabilities 
 Our derivative contracts consist of interest rate swaps and commodity swaps. The valuation of these derivative contracts involved both observable publicly quoted prices and certain credit valuation inputs that may not be readily observable in the marketplace. Refer to Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion related to commodity swaps and interest rate derivatives. 
 The Company recorded a contingent liability related to the Kings Landing Earnout using Level 3 inputs, including projected spending and completion probability of the project. Refer to Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion related to Kings Landing Earnout contingent liability. 
 Long-term debt s carrying value can vary from fair value. See Note 7 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements for further information. The carrying amounts reported on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the Company s remaining financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

11. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

interest rate swap contracts with total notional amounts of billion maturing on May 31, 2025 that pay a fixed rate ranging from to and interest rate swap contract with a notional amount of billion maturing on December 31, 2025 that pays a fixed rate of . 
 Derivative assets - noncurrent Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities - current Derivatives liabilities - noncurrent Total derivative liabilities 
 
 (Unfavorable) favorable fair value adjustment 
 ) 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The results of the Company s operations may be affected by the market prices of oil, natural gas and NGLs. A portion of the Company s revenue is directly tied to local natural gas, natural gas liquids and condensate prices in the Permian Basin and the U.S. Gulf Coast. Fluctuations in commodity prices also impact operating cost elements both directly and indirectly. Management regularly reviews the Company s potential exposure to commodity price risk and manages exposure of such risk through commodity hedge contracts. 
 During the past twelve months, the Company entered into multiple commodity swap contracts based on the OPIS NGL Mont Belvieu prices for ethane, propane and butane, the Waha Basis index, the HSC index and the NYMEX West Texas Intermediate Control index. These contracts are for various notional quantities of NGLs, natural gas and crude. Similarly, the Company has entered into various natural gas and crude basis spread swaps. These contracts are effective over the next to months and are used to hedge against location price risk of the respective commodity resulting from supply and demand volatility and protect cash flows against price fluctuations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

NGL Gallons Crude Bbl Crude Collars Bbl Crude Basis Spread Swaps 
 Bbl 
 ) Natural Gas Basis Spread Swaps 
 MMBtus ) 
 . 
 Derivative assets - noncurrent Total derivative assets 
 Derivative liabilities - current Derivatives liabilities - noncurrent Total derivative liabilities 
 ) Favorable (unfavorable) fair value adjustment 
 ) ) 

12. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding and unvested shares at September 30, 2024 
 
 Grant-date fair value of vested Class A Shares 
 No vesting or forfeiture occurred for Class C Shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. No vesting occurred for Class A Shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there were million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested Class A Shares and Class C Shares. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs were granted to certain executives and employees under the Kinetik Holdings Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Compensation Plan (the 2019 Plan with various service vesting requirements. Such RSUs may be settled only for shares of Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis, contingent upon continued employment. 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding and unvested shares at September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) The number of shares and weighted average fair market value per share include RSUs issued to new employees that transitioned from ALTM as part of the merger as replacement awards. 
 Grant-date fair value of vested RSUs 
 21 

Table of Contents 

million of unrecognized compensation costs related to the RSUs. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 The Company granted PSUs pursuant to the 2019 Plan to certain of its employees and executives during 2024. These PSUs vest and become earned upon the achievement of certain performance goals based on the Company s annualized absolute total stockholder return and the Company s relative total stockholder return as compared to the performance peer group during a three-year performance period. Depending on the results achieved during the performance period, the actual number of Class A Common Stock that a holder of the PSUs earns at the end of the performance period may range from to of the target number of PSUs granted. 
 Outstanding and unvested shares at September 30, 2024 
 
 vesting or forfeiture occurred for PSUs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Beginning average price 
 Risk-free interest rate Volatility factor Expected term 
 years 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were million of unrecognized compensation costs related to the PSUs. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 With respect to above Class A Shares, Class C Shares, RSUs and PSUs, the Company recorded compensation expenses of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

13. 
 Income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was lower than the statutory rate mainly due to the impact of tax attributable to noncontrolling interests related to the Common Unit limited partners. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 Less: Net income available to participating unvested restricted Class A common shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total net income attributable to Class A common shareholders 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 
 Dilutive effect of unvested Class A common shares (2) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted (2)(3) 
 Net income available per common share - basic 
 Net income available per common share - diluted 
 
 (1) Represents dividends paid to unvested Class A and Class C Shares, RSUs and PSUs. 
 (2) Includes dilutive effect from both RSUs and PSUs on unvested Class A common shares. 
 (3) The effect of an assumed exchange of outstanding Common Units (and the cancellation of a corresponding number of shares of outstanding Class C Common Stock) would have been anti-dilutive for all periods presented in which the Common Units were outstanding. 

15. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were accruals for loss contingencies. 
 Litigation 
 litigation-related accrued reserves as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The Company has entered into litigation with a third party to collect receivables totaling million and is waiting on settlement of million in outstanding vendor credits from another counterparty related to prior litigation the Company had previously entered into and subsequently dropped. These amounts remain outstanding from the Winter Storm Uri during February of 2021. Given the counterparties sufficient creditworthiness and the valid claims that we hold, allowance has currently been established for these items as we have legally enforceable agreements with these parties. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

million in cash contingent upon the completion of the Kings Landing Project and placing it into service in Eddy County, New Mexico. This earn out is subject to reduction based on actual capital costs associated with the Kings Landing Project. 
 As of Closing, the Company recorded an initial contingent liability of million based on the project s completion probability and projected spend. million within Costs of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) of the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The contingent liability associated with the Kings Landing Project was million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Permian Gas Acquisition 
 million and are payable on an annual basis over the earn-out period. PDC s actual annual Mcf volume did not exceed the incentive forecast volume during the past , and is not expected to over the next ; therefore, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

16. 
 operating segments represent the Company s segments for which discrete financial information is available and is utilized on a regular basis by our CODM to make key operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. These segments represent strategic business units with differing products and services. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the reportable segments. Therefore, our operating segments represent our reportable segments. The activities of each of our reportable segments from which the Company earns revenues and incurs expenses are described below: 
 Midstream Logistics: The Midstream Logistics segment operates under streams, 1) gas gathering, processing and treating, 2) crude oil gathering, stabilization and storage services and 3) produced water gathering and disposal. 
 Pipeline Transportation: The Pipeline Transportation segment consists of equity investment interests in Permian Basin pipelines that access various points along the U.S. Gulf Coast, as well as Kinetik NGL and Delaware Link Pipelines. The current operating pipelines transport crude oil, natural gas and NGLs. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer, who is the CODM, uses Segment Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, to measure profitability and allocate resources among segments. Segment Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, is defined as segment net earnings adjusted to exclude interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, the proportionate effect of these same items for our EMI pipelines and other non-recurring items. The CODM considers budget-to-actual and forecast-to-actual variances on a monthly basis when making decisions about allocating capital and personnel to the segments. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

of the Company s operating revenues, more than of the cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) and operating expenses and more than of the ad valorem expenses. The Pipeline Transportation segment contains all of the Company s equity method investments. Corporate and Other contains the Company s executive and administrative functions, including of the Company s General and Administrative Expenses and all of the Company s debt service costs. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Midstream Logistics segment and the Pipeline Transportation segment represent and of total consolidated adjusted EBITDA, respectively, which is consistent with the prior year contributions from each segment. 
 ) Add back: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Share-based compensation Contingent liabilities fair value adjustment Integration costs Acquisition transaction costs Other one-time costs or amortization Deduct: Interest income 
 Commodity hedging unrealized gain 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 ) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

) Add back: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Share-based compensation Loss on disposal of assets Unrealized loss on derivatives Integration costs Acquisition transaction costs Other one-time costs or amortization Warrant valuation adjustment Deduct: Interest income Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 ) 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Corporate and Other (1) 
 Consolidated (In thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Segment income (loss) before income taxes ) Add back: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Share-based compensation Loss on disposal of assets Loss on debt extinguishment 
 Contingent liabilities fair value adjustment Integration costs Acquisition transaction costs Other one-time costs or amortization Deduct 
 Other interest income 
 Commodity hedging unrealized gain 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 ) 
 26 

Table of Contents 

) Add back: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Contract assets amortization Proportionate EMI EBITDA Share-based compensation Loss on disposal of assets Unrealized loss on derivatives Integration costs Acquisition transaction costs Other one-time costs or amortization Deduct: Interest income Warrant valuation adjustment Equity income from unconsolidated affiliates Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 ) 
 (1) Corporate and Other represents those results that: (i) are not specifically attributable to a reportable segment; (ii) are not individually reportable or (iii) have not been allocated to a reportable segment for the purpose of evaluating their performance, including certain General and Administrative Expense items. Items included here to reconcile operating segments profit and loss with the Company s consolidated profit and loss. 
 (2) Segment adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure; please see Key Performance Metrics in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for a definition and reconciliation to the GAAP measure. 
 The following tables present the revenue for the individual operating segments for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Elimination Consolidated (In thousands) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue Other revenue Intersegment revenue (1) 
 ) Total segment operating revenue ) 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Elimination Consolidated (In thousands) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Other revenue Total segment operating revenue 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Other revenue Intersegment revenue (1) 
 ) Total segment operating revenue ) 
 Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation Elimination Consolidated (In thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Other revenue Total segment operating revenue 
 (1) The Company accounts for intersegment sales at market prices, while it accounts for asset transfers at book value. Intersegment revenue is eliminated at consolidation. 
 The following table presents total assets for each operating segment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Midstream Logistics Pipeline Transportation (1) 
 Segment total assets Corporate and other Total assets 
 billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively . 

17. 
 per share on the Company s Class A Common Stock which will be payable to stockholders of record as of October 28, 2024 on November 7, 2024. The Company, through its ownership of the general partner of the Partnership, declared a distribution of per Common Unit from the Partnership to the holders of Common Units, which will be payable on November 7, 2024. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis addresses the results of our operations for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to our results of operations for the same periods in 2023 . Please read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 
 We are an integrated midstream energy company in the Permian Basin providing comprehensive gathering, transportation, compression, processing and treating services. Our core capabilities include a variety of service offerings including natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, treating and processing; NGLs stabilization and transportation; produced water gathering and disposal; and crude oil gathering, stabilization, storage and transportation. Our operations are strategically located in the heart of the Delaware Basin. 
 Our Operations and Segments 
 We have two reportable segments which are strategic business units with various products and services. The Midstream Logistics segment operates under three service offerings, 1) gas gathering and processing, 2) crude oil gathering, stabilization and storage services and 3) produced water gathering and disposal. The Pipeline Transportation segment consists of three EMI pipelines originating in the Permian Basin with various access points to the U.S. Gulf Coast, as well as Kinetik NGL and Delaware Link Pipelines. The pipelines transport natural gas, NGLs and crude oil within the Permian Basin and to the U.S. Gulf Coast. 
 Midstream Logistics 
 Gas Gathering and Processing. The Midstream Logistics segment provides gas gathering and processing services with over 3,900 miles of low and high-pressure steel pipeline located throughout the Delaware Basin, including over 2,300 miles of gas pipeline acquired through the Durango Acquisition, and over 570,000 horsepower of compression capacity. Gas processing assets are centralized at seven processing complexes with system-wide front-end amine treating capability, 6.5 Mmcfpd AGI capacity and total cryogenic processing capacity of approximately 2.2 Bcf/d as of today and over 2.4 BCF/d once the Kings Landing Project is complete in early 2025. 
 Crude Oil Gathering, Stabilization and Storage Services. Crude gathering assets are centralized at the Caprock Stampede Terminal and the Pinnacle Sierra Grande Terminal. The system includes approximately 220 miles of gathering pipeline and 90,000 barrels of crude storage. 
 Water Gathering and Disposal. The system includes over 360 miles of gathering pipeline and approximately 580,000 barrels per day of permitted disposal capacity. 
 Pipeline Transportation 
 EMI pipelines. The Company owns the following equity interests in three EMI pipelines in the Permian Basin with access to various points along the U.S. Gulf Coast: 1) an approximate 55.5 equity interest in Permian Highway Pipeline LLC PHP ), which is operated by Kinder Morgan; 2) 33.0 equity interest in Breviloba, LLC Breviloba ), the owner of the Shin Oak NGL Pipeline Shin Oak ), which is operated by Enterprise Products Operating LLC; and 3) 27.5 equity interest in Epic Crude Holdings, LP EPIC ), which is operated by EPIC Consolidated Operations, LLC. 
 Kinetik NGL Pipelines. The Kinetik NGL Pipelines consist of approximately 96 miles of NGL pipelines connecting our East Toyah and Pecos complexes to Waha, including our 20-inch Dewpoint pipeline that spans over 40 miles, and our 30 mile, 16-inch Brandywine Pipeline connecting to our Diamond Cryogenic complex. The Kinetik NGL pipeline system has a capacity of approximately 560 MBbl/d. 
 
 Delaware Link Pipeline. The Delaware Link Pipeline consists of approximately 40 miles of 30-inch diameter pipeline with an initial capacity of approximately 1.0 Bcf/d that provides additional transportation capacity to Waha. The project reached commercial in-service in October 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments 
 EPIC Equity Interest 
 During the third quarter, the Company consummated the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement with Dos Rios Crude Intermediate LLC Seller to purchase a 12.5 of equity interest in EPIC. The acquisition of additional interest is accounted for as a business acquisition pursuant to ASC 805. After completion of the transaction, the Company owned a 27.5 equity interest in EPIC as of September 30, 2024. EPIC has over 800 miles of pipeline connecting the Delaware and Midland Basins and has a capacity of 625 MBbl/d. 
 Durango Acquisition 
 On June 24, 2024, the Company consummated the previously announced Durango Acquisition for an adjusted purchase price of approximately 845.2 million, consisting of (i) 358.0 million of cash consideration paid at closing, (ii) approximately 3.8 million shares of Class C Common Stock and an equivalent number of OpCo Units, issued at closing and (iii) approximately 7.7 million shares of Class C Common Stock and an equivalent number of OpCo Units to be issued on July 1, 2025. Durango Seller is also entitled to an earn out of up to 75.0 million in cash contingent upon the completion and placing into service of the Kings Landing Project in Eddy County, New Mexico, which is currently under construction. This earn out is subject to reduction based on actual capital costs associated with the Kings Landing Project. This transaction was accounted for as a business combination pursuant to ASC 805. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations in the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 The Durango Acquisition significantly expands Kinetik s footprint into New Mexico and the Northern Delaware Basin, expanding Kinetik s processing capacity by over 200 MMcf/d and doubling its existing gathering pipeline mileage. An additional 200 MMcf/d of processing capacity will be added upon completion of the Kings Landing Project. 
 GCX Divestiture 
 On June 4, 2024, the Company consummated the previously announced transaction contemplated by the GCX Purchase Agreement to sell its 16 equity interest in GCX for an adjusted purchase price of 524.4 million (the "GCX Sale"), including an additional 30.0 million earn out in cash upon the approval by the GCX Board of Directors of one or more capital projects that achieve certain capacity expansion criteria. Net cash proceeds of 494.4 million were received from the GCX Buyer on June 4, 2024 and the cash earn out was received in September 2024. The Company recognized a gain of 89.8 million upon closing of the GCX Sale. 
 Factors Affecting Our Business 
 Commodity Price Volatility 
 There has been, and we believe there will continue to be, volatility in commodity prices and in the relationships among NGLs, crude oil and natural gas prices. As a result of uncertainty around global commodity supply and demand, the current conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip and elsewhere in the Middle East, as well as the ongoing armed conflict in Ukraine, global oil and natural gas commodity prices continue to remain volatile. The volatility and uncertainty of natural gas, crude oil and NGL prices impact drilling, completion and other investment decisions by producers and ultimately supply to our systems. Although ongoing armed conflicts might generate commodity price upward pressure, and our operations could benefit in an environment of higher natural gas, NGLs and condensate prices, the instability of the international political environment and human and economic hardship resulting from the conflicts would have a highly uncertain impact on the U.S. economy, which in turn, might affect our business and operations adv ersely. Our product sales revenue is exposed to commodity price fluctuations. Therefore, commodity price decline and sustained periods of low natural gas and NGL prices could have an adverse effect on our product revenue stream. The Company continues to monitor commodity prices closely and may enter into commodity price hedges from time to time as necessary to mitigate the volatility risk. In addition, the Company, when economically appropriate, enters into fee-based arrangements that insulate the Company from commodity price volatility. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation and Interest Rates 
 The annual rate of inflation in the United States was 2.4 in September 2024 as measured by the Consumer Price Index. In light of the recent economic activity, unemployment level and progress on lowering inflation, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC decided to lower the target range for the federal funds rate by 0.50 to 4.75 - 5.00 during its meeting in September 2024. During the meeting, the FOMC noted that the economic outlook is uncertain and the Committee is attentive to the risks to both sides of its dual mandate. If interest rates elevated beyond the term of our hedges, our financing cost will increase and could have a negative impact on the Company s ability to meet its contractual debt obligations and to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditures. The Company will continue to monitor the FOMC s monetary policy and interest rate movement. Refer to Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion regarding our hedging strategies and objectives for interest rate risk. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the Company s results of operations for the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 
 Change (In thousands, except percentages) Revenues: Service revenue 103,100 104,349 (1 301,710 310,325 (3 Product revenue 290,423 221,280 31 787,092 586,534 34 Other revenue 2,839 4,672 (39 8,411 10,685 (21 Total revenues 396,362 330,301 20 1,097,213 907,544 21 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (1) 
 144,586 147,756 (2 444,786 374,100 19 Operating expense 55,804 42,925 30 143,278 118,804 21 Ad valorem taxes 5,896 5,607 5 18,400 14,954 23 General and administrative 29,619 22,751 30 94,846 73,131 30 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 87,583 69,935 25 236,250 208,271 13 Loss on disposal of assets 
 2,927 (100 4,090 15,166 (73 Total operating costs and expenses 323,488 291,901 11 941,650 804,426 17 Operating income 72,874 38,400 90 155,563 103,118 51 Other income (expense): Interest and other income 1,872 289 NM 2,272 1,625 40 Loss on debt extinguishment (525) 100 Gain on sale of equity method investments 
 29,953 100 89,837 100 Interest expense (66,029) (45,009) 47 (167,545) (130,443) 28 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 53,244 50,754 5 169,668 146,828 16 Total other income, net 
 19,040 6,034 NM 93,707 18,010 NM Income before income taxes 91,914 44,434 107 249,270 121,128 106 Income tax expense 8,260 1,303 NM 21,261 2,030 NM Net income including noncontrolling interest 83,654 43,131 94 228,009 119,098 91 
 (1) Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) is net of gas service revenues totaling 60.2 million and 38.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 159.4 million and 107.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for certain volumes, where we act as principal. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased 66.1 million, or 20 , to 396.4 million, compared to 330.3 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher product revenue related to increased natural gas residue volumes sold and increased gathered and processed gas volumes. 
 Service revenue 
 Service revenue consists of service fees paid to us by our customers for providing comprehensive gathering, treating, processing and produced water disposal services necessary to bring natural gas, NGLs and crude oil to market. Service revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 1.2 million, or 1 , to 103.1 million, compared to 104.3 million for the same period in 2023. This decrease was driven by lower period-over-period gas gathering fees of 1.7 million. Period-over-period gathered and processed gas volumes increased by 212.3 Mcf per day, or 12 and by 238.7 Mcf per day, or 16 , respectively. Of the increase, Durango s operation accounted for 207.2 Mcf per day and 195.8 Mcf per day of gathered and processed gas volume, respectively. However, the total gathered and processed gas volumes where we function as the agent decreased period over period causing the change in net gas gathering fees presented as revenues to be down 2 . Over 91 of service revenues are included in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Product revenue 
 Product revenue consists of commodity sales (including condensate, natural gas residue and NGLs). Product revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 69.1 million, or 31 , to 290.4 million, compared to 221.3 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased residue gas volumes sold and higher commodity prices. Period over period natural gas residue volumes sold increased 36.1 million MMBtu, of which, Durango s operations accounted for 14.2 million MMBtu. Partially offsetting this increase, NGL and condensate volumes sold decreased 2.0 million barrels, or 24 . Product revenues are included entirely in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses increased by 12.9 million, or 30 , to 55.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 42.9 million for the same period in 2023. Of the total increase, 11.7 million was driven by Durango s operations that were acquired during June 2024. Over 99 of operating expenses are included in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 6.9 million, or 30 to 29.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 22.8 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was mainly driven by increases in share-based compensation of 2.7 million due to new RSUs and PSUs granted during 2024 and Durango integration costs of 2.2 million. The remaining 2.0 million increase primarily relates to higher internal labor and insurance expenses that have resulted from the overall growth of the organization. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 17.6 million, or 25 to 87.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 69.9 million for the same period in 2023. Of the total increase, 12.8 million was driven by the Durango Acquisition that was completed during June of 2024. The remaining increase was driven by assets placed in service since third quarter of 2023, primarily related to the Delaware Link Pipeline that was placed in service in October 2023. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment increased by 30.0 million, or 100 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was related to the cash earn out received in September 2024 related to the GCX Sale. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased by 21.0 million, or 47 , to 66.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by an unrealized loss on interest rate swaps of 12.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus an unrealized gain on interest rate swaps of 7.8 million during the same period in 2023. Refer to Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the Company s strategy in managing interest rate risk. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased 189.7 million, or 21 , to 1,097.2 million, compared to 907.5 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher period-over-period product revenue due to increased natural gas residue volumes sold and increased gathered and processed gas volumes. 
 Service revenue 
 Service revenue consists of service fees paid to us by our customers for providing comprehensive gathering, treating, processing and water disposal services necessary to bring natural gas, NGLs and crude oil to market. Service revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 8.6 million, or 3 , to 301.7 million, compared to 310.3 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower period-over-period gas gathering fees of 8.2 million. Total gathered and processed gas volumes increased 171.1 Mcf per day, or 10 and 188.0 Mcf per day, or 13 , respectively. Of the increase, Durango s operations accounted for 74.8 Mcf per day and 70.6 Mcf per day of gathered and processed gas volume, respectively. However, the total gathered and processed gas volumes where we function as the agent decreased period over period causing the change in net gas gathering fees presented as revenues to be down 3 . Over 91 of service revenues are included in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Product revenue 
 Product revenue consists of commodity sales (including condensate, natural gas residue and NGLs). Product revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 200.6 million, or 34 , to 787.1 million, compared to 586.5 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to a period-over-period increase in residue gas volumes sold. Natural gas residue sales volumes increased 59.6 million MMBtu, of which Durango s operations accounted for 14.6 million MMBtu. The increase was also driven by a period over period increase in NGL prices of 8.46 per barrel, or 39 . The overall increase was partially offset by decreases in NGL and condensate volumes sold of 4.3 million barrels, or 19 and a decrease in natural gas prices of 0.42 per MMBtu, or 25 . Product revenues are included entirely in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 Costs of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) primarily consists of purchases of NGLs and natural gas from our producers at contracted market prices to support product sales to other third parties. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of sales increased 70.7 million, or 19 , to 444.8 million, compared to 374.1 million for the same period in 2023. As discussed above, the increase was primarily driven by period to period increases in natural gas residue volumes sold, slightly offset by a decrease in NGL and condensate volumes sold as well as lower natural gas prices. Over 99 of cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) is included entirely in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 Operating Expense 
 Operating expenses increased by 24.5 million, or 21 , to 143.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 118.8 million for the same period in 2023. Of the total increase, 12.7 million was driven by Durango s operations that were acquired during June of 2024. The remaining increase was primarily driven by increases in internal labor, repairs and maintenance and lubricants and chemicals totaling 9.8 million, which was related to the increased gathered and processed volumes during 2024. Over 99 of operating expenses are included in the Midstream Logistics segment. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 21.7 million, or 30 to 94.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 73.1 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was mainly driven by higher share-based compensation of 9.5 million due to new RSUs and PSUs granted during 2024 and 7.9 million of integration and transaction costs associated with the 2024 Durango and Epic transactions. The remaining 4.3 million increase primarily relates to higher internal labor and insurance expenses that have resulted from the overall growth of the organization. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 28.0 million, or 13 to 236.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 208.3 million for the same period in 2023. Of the total increase, 13.6 million was driven by Durango Acquisition that was completed during June of 2024. The remaining increase was driven by assets placed in service since third quarter of 2023, primarily related to the Delaware Link Pipeline that was placed in service in October 2023 and the rich gas lateral into Lea County, New Mexico. 
 Loss on disposal of assets 
 Loss on disposal of asset decreased by 11.1 million, or 73 to 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 15.2 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease was mainly due to the write off of obsolete gathering and processing systems and facilities of 11.8 million in 2023, but no similar write off took place in 2024. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 Gain on sale of equity method investment increased by 89.8 million, or 100 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was related to the GCX Sale consummated in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased by 37.1 million, or 28 , to 167.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 130.4 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was driven by a decrease in capitalized interest expense of 8.9 million given the completion of the PHP expansion in December of 2023, and an unrealized loss on interest rate swaps of 2.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus an unrealized gain on interest swaps of 27.5 million during the same period in 2023. Refer to Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the Company s strategy in managing interest rate risk. 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Income from EMI pipelines increased by 22.8 million, or 16 , to 169.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 146.8 million for the same period in 2023. An increase of 35.9 million was driven by higher profitability from the Company s investment in PHP due to its expanded capacity that was placed into service in December 2023. This increase was partially offset by the decrease in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates from GCX due to the GCX sale consummated in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense increased by 19.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in December 2023 and the recognition of deferred federal income tax of 18.4 million for nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nil for the same period in 2023. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Key Performance Metrics 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income including noncontrolling interests adjusted for interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, gain or loss on disposal of assets and debt extinguishment, the proportionate EBITDA from our EMI pipelines, equity income and gain from sale of investments recorded using the equity method, share-based compensation expense, noncash increases and decreases related to hedging activities, fair value adjustments for contingent liabilities, integration and transaction costs and extraordinary losses and unusual or non-recurring charges. Adjusted EBITDA provides a basis for comparison of our business operations between current, past and future periods by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides a meaningful understanding of certain aspects of earnings before the impact of investing and financing charges and income taxes. Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our performance because this measure: 
 is widely used by analysts, investors and competitors to measure a company s operating performance; 
 is a financial measurement that is used by rating agencies and other parties to evaluate our credit worthiness; and 
 is used by our management for various purposes, including as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not defined in GAAP 
 The GAAP measure used by the Company that is most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA is net income including noncontrolling interest. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to the GAAP measure of net income including noncontrolling interest or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA has important limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income including noncontrolling interest. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Company s results as reported under GAAP. The Company s definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies in the industry, thereby diminishing its utility. 
 Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measure 
 Company management compensates for the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable GAAP measure, understanding the differences between Adjusted EBITDA as compared to net income including noncontrolling interest, and incorporating this knowledge into its decision-making processes. Management believes that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measure that the Company uses in evaluating operating results. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the GAAP financial measure of net income including noncontrolling interest to the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (In thousands, except percentages) Reconciliation of net income including noncontrolling interest to Adjusted EBITDA Net income including noncontrolling interest 83,654 43,131 94 228,009 119,098 91 Add back: Interest expense 66,029 45,009 47 167,545 130,443 28 Income tax expense 8,260 1,303 NM 21,261 2,030 NM Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 87,583 69,935 25 236,250 208,271 13 Amortization of contract costs 1,655 1,655 4,965 4,965 Proportionate EMI EBITDA 88,229 78,585 12 262,553 224,933 17 Share-based compensation 15,171 12,502 21 52,868 43,340 22 Loss on disposal of assets 
 2,927 (100 4,090 15,166 (73 Loss on debt extinguishment 525 100 Commodity hedging unrealized loss 
 8,259 (100 616 (100 Contingent liability fair value adjustment 
 1,400 100 1,400 100 Integration costs 
 2,540 21 NM 5,091 985 NM Acquisition transaction costs 
 31 378 (92 3,538 648 NM Other one-time cost or amortization 3,717 2,662 40 8,448 7,545 12 Warrant valuation adjustment 4 (100 Deduct: Interest income 572 293 95 1,459 314 NM Warrant valuation adjustment 73 (100 Commodity hedging unrealized gain 8,817 100 1,935 100 Gain on sale of equity method investment 
 29,953 100 89,837 100 Equity income from EMI's 53,244 50,754 5 169,668 146,828 16 Adjusted EBITDA 265,683 215,324 23 733,644 610,825 20 
 NM - not meaningful 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 50.4 million, or 23 , to 265.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 215.3 million for the same period in 2023. As discussed in the Item 2.Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, 49.2 million of the increase was due to increased total operating revenue of 66.1 million, partially offset by increased cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), operating expenses, ad valorem taxes and general and administrative expense of 16.9 million. The remaining increases were primarily driven by higher proportionate EMI EBITDA of 9.6 million and higher non-cash amortizations or other one-time costs of 8.6 million. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 17.1 million related to unrealized commodity hedging activities. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 122.8 million, or 20 , to 733.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 610.8 million for the same period in 2023. As discussed in the Item 2.Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, 69.3 million of the increase was due to increased total operating revenue of 189.7 million, partially offset by increased cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), operating expenses, ad valorem taxes and general and administrative expenses of 120.3 million. The increase was also driven by (i) higher proportionate EMI EBITDA of 37.6 million primarily related to the expanded capacity at PHP that was placed into service during December 2023 and (ii) increases related to stock based compensation of 9.5 million and integration, transaction and other one-time costs of 7.9 million, which was mainly related to the Durango Acquisition completed in June 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA is defined as segment net earnings adjusted to exclude interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, the proportionate effect of these same items for our equity method investments and other non-recurring items. The following table presents Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Also refer to Note 16 Segments in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a reconciliation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to net income before income taxes. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (In thousands, except percentages) Midstream Logistics 173,623 140,443 24 464,165 396,800 17 Pipeline Transportation 96,134 78,902 22 285,191 226,027 26 Corporate and Other (1) 
 (4,074) (4,021) 1 (15,712) (12,002) 31 Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 265,683 215,324 23 733,644 610,825 20 
 (1) Corporate and Other represents those results that: (i) are not specifically attributable to a reportable segment; (ii) are not individually reportable or (iii) have not been allocated to a reportable segment for the purpose of evaluating their performance, including certain general and administrative expense items. 
 Midstream Logistics Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by 33.2 million to 173.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 140.4 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the increased total operating revenue of 57.9 million, partially offset by increased operating expense and ad valorem taxes of 12.7 million and a decrease of 17.1 million related to unrealized commodity hedging activities. The reasons for the fluctuations are discussed in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Midstream Logistics Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by 67.4 million to 464.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 396.8 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the increased total operating revenue of 165.7 million, partially offset by increases in cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) of 70.7 million and operating expense and ad valorem taxes of 26.2 million. The reasons for the fluctuations are discussed in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Pipeline Transportation Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by 17.2 million to 96.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 78.9 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher proportionate EMI EBITDA of 9.6 million due to increased profitability at PHP related to expanded capacity that was placed into service starting in December 2023. The increase was also driven by the increase in operating revenue of 8.2 million primarily related to the Delaware Link Pipeline going into service during October 2023. The reasons for the fluctuations are discussed in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Pipeline Transportation Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased by 59.2 million to 285.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 226.0 million for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher proportionate EMI EBITDA of 37.6 million due to increased profitability at PHP related to expanded capacity that was placed into service starting in December 2023. The remaining increase was driven by increased operating revenue of 23.9 million primarily related to the Delaware Link Pipeline going into service during October 2023. The reasons for the fluctuations are discussed in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Contractual Obligations 
 We have contractual obligations for principal and interest payments on our 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes, and under the Term Loan Credit Facility, Revolving Credit Facility and A/R Facility. See Note 7 Debt and Financing Costs in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Under certain clauses of our transportation services agreements with third party pipelines to transport natural gas and NGLs, if we fail to ship a minimum throughput volume, then we will pay certain deficiency payments for transportation based on the volume shortfall up to the MVC amount. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 The Company s primary use of capital since inception has been for the initial construction of gathering and processing assets, as well as the acquisitions of businesses and EMI pipelines and associated subsequent construction costs. For 2024, the Company s primary spending requirements are related to the business acquisitions and other budgeted capital expenditures for construction and maintenance of gathering and processing assets, the Company s contractual debt obligations and quarterly cash dividends. In addition, the Company may repurchase its Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program from time to time. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s primary sources of cash were distributions from the EMI pipelines, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and A/R Facility, proceeds from the GCX Sale and cash generated from operations. Based on the Company s current financial plan, the Company believes that cash from operations and distributions from the EMI pipelines, and remaining borrowing capacity on our credit facilities will generate cash flows in excess of capital expenditures and the amount required to fund the Company s planned quarterly dividend over the next 12 months. 
 A/R Facility 
 Pursuant to the A/R Facility, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries continuously transfer receivables to Kinetik Receivables and Kinetik Receivables transfers receivables that meet certain qualifying conditions to third-party purchasers in exchange for cash. These receivables are held by Kinetik Receivables and are pledged to secure the collectability of the sold receivables and are accounted for as secured borrowings. The amount available for borrowing at any one time under the A/R Facility is limited to an amount calculated based on the outstanding balance of eligible receivables sold to the purchasers, subject to certain reserves, concentration limits, and other limitations. As of September 30, 2024, eligible accounts receivable of 150.0 million was pledged to the A/R Facility as collateral. 
 The net proceeds of the A/R Facility were used, together with cash on hand, to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Facility during the second quarter 2024, lowering the remaining balance to 1.00 billion. As a result, the maturity of the Term Loan Credit Facility extended to December 8, 2026. 
 Capital Requirements and Expenditures 
 Our operations can be capital intensive, requiring investments to expand, upgrade, maintain or enhance existing operations and to meet environmental and operational regulations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, capital spending for property, plant and equipment totaled 155.8 million and 245.8 million, respectively, intangible asset purchases totaled 7.7 million and 15.1 million, respectively, and contributions to EMI totaled 3.3 million and 202.7 million, respectively. The decrease in capital spending was mainly due to completion of the Delaware Link Pipeline and PHP expansion projects in the second half of 2023. Management believes its existing gathering, processing and transmission infrastructure capacity and future planned projects are capable of fulfilling its midstream contracts to service its customers. 
 The Company anticipates its existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund the future capital expenditures for EMI pipelines and the Company s existing infrastructure assets over the next 12 months. For further information on EMIs, refer to Note 6 Equity Method Investments in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flow 
 The following tables present cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities during the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Cash provided by operating activities 493,356 405,585 Cash used in investing activities 
 (65,909) (582,600) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (411,519) 170,689 
 Operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 87.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The change in the operating cash flows reflected (i) an increase in net income including noncontrolling interests of 108.9 million; (ii) a decrease in adjustments related to non-cash items of 20.8 million, which was mainly driven by a gain of 89.8 million recognized on the GCX Sale and an increase in equity in earnings from EMI of 22.8 million, partially offset by increases in distribution from EMIs of 17.8 million, deferred income taxes of 18.1 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 28.0 million and a decrease in favorable derivative activities adjustments of 26.8 million and (iii) a decrease in working capital of 0.4 million. 
 Investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 516.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by cash proceeds from the GCX Sale of 524.4 million, lower capital expenditures of 97.3 million and a reduction of investments in EMIs of 199.5 million as the PHP expansion project was completed and put into service in December 2023, partially offset by net cash used in the Durango Acquisition and net cash used in the acquisition of additional equity interests in EPIC. 
 Financing activities . Net cash used in financing activities was 411.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was primarily comprised of net payments on the Partnership s Term Loan, Revolving Credit Facility and A/R Facility of 138.6 million and cash dividend of 272.9 million paid to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Common Units, compared with net cash provided by financing activities of 170.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was primarily comprised of net proceeds from the Partnership s Revolving Credit Facility of 235.0 million and cash dividend of 58.6 million paid to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Common Units. Significant increase in cash dividend paid in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was mainly due to the expiration of the Reinvestment Agreement on March 8, 2024, as such Reinvestment Holders are not obligated to reinvest a specified percent of all distributions on Common Units or dividends on shares of Class A Common Stock in the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 Dividend 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made cash dividend payments of 272.9 million to holders of Class A Common Stock and Common Units and 75.2 million was reinvested in shares of Class A Common Stock by the Reinvestment Holders. 
 On October 17, 2024, the Board declared a cash dividend of 0.78 per share on the Company s Class A Common Stock which will be payable to stockholders on October 28, 2024. The Company, through its ownership of the general partner of the Partnership, declared a distribution of 0.78 per Common Unit from the Partnership to the holders of Common Units, which will be payable on November 7, 2024. As described in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, as the context requires, dividends paid to holders of Class A Common Stock and distributions paid to holders of Common Units may be referred to collectively as dividends. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 For nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any of its outstanding shares. 
 For more information regarding the 1 U.S. federal excise tax imposed on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations, please refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on March 5, 2024. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s key liquidity indicators at the dates presented: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 20,438 4,510 Total debt, net of unamortized deferred financing cost 3,429,689 3,562,809 Available committed borrowing capacity 730,400 643,400 
 Total debt and available credit facilities 
 There is no assurance that the financial condition of banks with lending commitments to the Company and its subsidiaries will not deteriorate. The Company closely monitors the ratings of the banks in the Company s bank group. Having a large bank group allows the Company to mitigate the potential impact of any bank s failure to honor its lending commitment. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Please refer to information regarding our critical accounting policies and estimates included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Commission on March 5, 2024. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 The Company is exposed to various market risks, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and credit risk as described below. The Company continually monitors its market risk exposure, including the impact and developments related to the conflicts in Ukraine and Israel, monetary policy addressing the interest rate and inflation trend, which continued to have significant impact on volatility and uncertainties in the financial markets during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The results of the Company s operations may be affected by the market prices of oil and natural gas. A portion of the Company s revenue is directly tied to local crude, natural gas, NGLs and condensate prices in the Permian Basin. Fluctuations in commodity prices also impact operating cost elements both directly and indirectly. For example, commodity prices directly impact costs such as power and fuel, which are expenses that increase or decrease in line with changes in commodity prices. Commodity prices also affect industry activity and demand, thus indirectly impacting the cost of items such as labor and equipment rentals. Management regularly reviews the Company s potential exposure to commodity price risk and uses financial or physical arrangements to mitigate potential volatility. Refer to Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion regarding our hedging strategies and objectives. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had interest bearing debt, net of deferred financing costs, with principal amount of 3.43 billion. The interest rates for the Revolving Credit Facility, the Term Loan and A/R Facility are variable, which expose the Company to the risk of increased interest expense in the event of increases to interest rates. Accordingly, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and the ability to make cash distributions could be adversely affected by significant increases in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had two interest rate swap contracts with total notional amounts of 1.70 billion maturing on May 31, 2025 that pay a fixed rate ranging from 4.38 to 4.48 and one interest rate swap contract with notional amount of 0.08 billion maturing on December 31, 2025 that pays a fixed rate of 3.02 . Refer to Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion regarding our hedging strategies and objectives. In addition, the Company realizes 0.05 reductions to the effective interest rates of both the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan during 2024 in relation to sustainability adjustment features embedded in these facilities as the Company has met its sustainability performance targets for fiscal year 2022 and 2023. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company is subject to credit risk resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by, or the insolvency or liquidation of, third-party customers. Any increase in nonpayment and nonperformance by, or the insolvency or liquidation of, the Company s customers could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, the Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer, who serves as the principal accounting officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer concluded that the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the applicable rules and forms of the SEC. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As disclosed in Note 2 Business Combinations in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we acquired Durango on June 24, 2024, and its total revenues constituted approximately 4 of total revenues as shown on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Durango s total assets constituted approximately 13 of total assets as shown on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. We expect to exclude Durango s internal control over financial reporting from the scope of management's assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures for one year following the acquisition. As part of the Company s ongoing integration activities, the Company s financial reporting controls and procedures are in the process of incorporating the financial information of Durango. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q were prepared using certain information obtained from Durango s separate, legacy systems. 
 Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as described above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For further information regarding legal proceedings, refer to Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Please refer to Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 5, 2024. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 There was no unregistered sale of equity securities or repurchase activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, we may be required to disclose in our annual and quarterly reports to the SEC whether we or any of our affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by US economic sanctions. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any entity under common control with us (and the term control is also construed broadly by the SEC). 
 The description of the activities below has been provided to us by Blackstone Inc. BX ), affiliates of which: (i) beneficially own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock and are members of our board of directors, and (ii) hold a minority non-controlling interest in Mundys S.p.A (formerly Atlantia S.p.A). Mundys S.p.A. may therefore be deemed to be under common control with us; however, this statement is not meant to be an admission that common control exists. 
 The disclosure below relates solely to activities conducted by Mundys S.p.A. The disclosure does not relate to any activities conducted by us or by BX and does not involve our or BX s management. Neither we nor BX has had any involvement in or control over the disclosed activities, and neither we nor BX has independently verified or participated in the preparation of the disclosure. Neither we nor BX is representing as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure nor do we or BX undertake any obligation to correct or update it. 
 We understand that BX disclosed the following in their most recent Quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and as of September 30, 2024, the Company is unaware of any changes to the relationship status between BX and Mundys S.p.A, therefore, the Company included BX s disclosure of certain activities, transactions or dealings between BX and Iran. 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Funds affiliated with Blackstone first invested in Mundys S.p.A. on November 18, 2022 in connection with the voluntary public tender offer by Schema Alfa S.p.A. for all of the shares of Mundys S.p.A., pursuant to which such funds obtained a minority non-controlling interest in Mundys S.p.A. Mundys S.p.A. owns and controls Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. ADR ), an operator of airports in Italy including Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport. Iran Air has historically operated periodic flights to and from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport as authorized, from time to time, by an aviation-related bilateral agreement between Italy and Iran, scheduled in compliance with European Regulation 95/93, and approved by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. ADR, as airport operator, is under a mandatory obligation to provide airport services to all air carriers (including Iran Air) authorized by the applicable Italian authority. The relevant turnover attributable to these activities (whose consideration is calculated on the basis of general tariffs determined by such independent Italian authority) in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was less than 100,000. Mundys S.p.A. does not track profits specifically attributable to these activities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 2.1 Contribution Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and among Altus Midstream Company, Altus Midstream LP, New BCP Raptor Holdco, LLC, and BCP Raptor Holdco, LP . 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kinetik Holdings Inc . 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kinetik Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2023). 
 4.1 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and among APA Corporation, Apache Midstream LLC, Altus Midstream Company, New BCP Raptor Holdco, LLC, Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC, and BCP Raptor Holdco, LP. 
 4.2 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, by and among Altus Midstream Company, Apache Midstream LLC, Raptor Aggregator, LP, BX Permian Pipeline Aggregator, LP, Buzzard Midstream LLC and the other holders party thereto. 
 4.3 Indenture, dated June 8, 2022, by and among Kinetik Holdings Inc., as parent, Kinetik Holdings LP, as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022) . 
 4.4 Form of 5.875 Senior Notes Due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.3) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022) . 
 4.5 Indenture, dated December 6, 2023, by and among Kinetik Holdings Inc., Kinetik Holdings LP and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2023). 
 4.6 Form of 6.625 Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2023). 
 4.7 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2024, by and among Kinetik Holdings Inc. and Durango Midstream LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 28, 2024). 
 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Altus Midstream LP, dated as of October 22, 2021. 
 10.2 
 Kinetik Holdings Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2024). 
 10.3 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated April 2, 2024, by and among Kinetik Receivables LLC, as the seller, Kinetik Holdings LP, a subsidiary of Kinetik Holdings Inc., as the servicer, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent, and the purchasers party thereto. 
 10.4 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated April 2, 2024, by and among Kinetik Holdings LP, a subsidiary of Kinetik Holdings Inc., Kinetik Receivables LLC and the originators party thereto. 
 10.5 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2024, by and among Kinetik GCX Pipe LLC, GCX Pipeline, LLC, solely for purposes of Section 6.7, Article X and Article XI, AL GCX Holdings, LLC and solely for purposes of Section 6.8, Article X and Article XI, Kinetik Holdings LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2024). 
 10.6 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2024, by and among Kinetik Holdings Inc., Kinetik Holdings LP and Durango Midstream, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 13, 2024). 
 10.7 
 Observer Rights Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2024, by and among Kinetik Holdings Inc., Kinetik Holdings LP and Durango Midstream LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 28, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) . 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) . 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 . 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 . 
 101 The following financial statements from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interests and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. Dated: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jamie Welch Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 7, 2024 /s/ Steven Stellato Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kntkexhibit31110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Jamie Welch, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jamie Welch Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kntkexhibit31210-q2024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Steven Stellato, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Steven Stellato Steven Stellato Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kntkexhibit32110-q2024q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

I, Jamie Welch, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kinetik Holdings Inc. for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jamie Welch 
 Jamie Welch Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kntkexhibit32210-q2024q3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 KINETIK HOLDINGS INC. 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

I, Steven Stellato, Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kinetik Holdings Inc. for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kinetik Holdings Inc. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Steven Stellato 
 Steven Stellato 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting and Chief Administrative Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apa-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 apa-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apa-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apa-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apa-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

