<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1906133_0001477932-24-007459.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6985643</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1125436</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1654882</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1516058</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2357653</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007459.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119162531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007459
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			iCoreConnect Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001906133
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41309
		FILM NUMBER:		241476552

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		529 E. CROWN POINT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			OCOEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34761
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-810-7706

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		529 E. CROWN POINT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			OCOEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34761

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FG Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007459.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 icct_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

icct_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) __________________________ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 18, 2024 there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. iCoreConnect Inc. FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Table of Contents Part I Financial Information Item 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 46 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 46 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 47 Item 1A. Risk Factors 47 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 48 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 48 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 48 Item 5. Other Information 48 Item 6. Exhibits 49 Signatures 50 2 Table of Contents iCoreConnect Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS (unaudited) Cash Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use lease asset - operating Software development costs, net Acquired technology, net Customer relationships, net Forward purchase agreement Goodwill Total long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liability, current portion Notes payable, current portion Related party notes payable, current portion Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current maturities Long-term related party debt, net of current maturities Operating lease liability, net of current portion Total long-term liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred Stock par value ; shares authorized; Issued and Outstanding: as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 Common Stock par value ; shares authorized; Issued and Outstanding: as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 3 Table of Contents iCoreConnect Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) Revenue, net Cost of sales Gross profit Expenses Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expenses) Interest expense Finance charges Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement Other expense Total other expenses Net loss Preferred dividend Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per share available to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares, basic and diluted The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 4 Table of Contents iCoreConnect Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) Total Additional Stockholders Common stock Preferred Stock Paid In Accumulated Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balances at January 1, 2024 Origination fee in convertible debt agreement Stock issued for purchase of Verifi Dental Limited Stock issued for purchase of FeatherPay Stock issued for the purchase of Teamworx Stock compensation expense Net loss - Balances at March 31, 2024 Origination fee in convertible debt agreement Stock compensation expense Net loss - Balances at June 30, 2024 Origination fee in convertible debt agreement Stock issued for conversion of debt Conversion of Preferred Stock to Common Stock Stock issued for in kind dividend Stock issued for purchase of assets of Healthcare Circle of Excellence Stock issued for inducement of STRATA Stock compensation expense Net loss Balances at September 30, 2024 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 5 Table of Contents iCoreConnect Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 (unaudited) (unaudited) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization expense Finance fee Change in allowance for doubtful accounts Stock compensation expense Non-cash interest expense Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement Gain on sale of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Right of use asset, net of lease liability Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Cash portion of consideration paid to acquire assets Verifi Dental Limited Cash portion of consideration paid to acquire assets - FeatherPay Cash portion of consideration paid to acquire assets Preferred Dental Purchase of forward purchase agreement Sale of capital assets Purchase of capital assets Additions to capitalized software NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES FINANCING ACTIVITES Net proceeds from debt Payments on debt Stock issued for the conversion of convertible debt Proceeds from issuance of Series A preferred stock Proceeds from issuance of common stock Effect of merger, net of transaction costs NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET CHANGE IN CASH CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD CASH AT END OF THE PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for interest Series A Stock issued for acquisitions Common Stock issued for acquisitions The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 6 Table of Contents iCoreConnect Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2024 . In addition, at September 30, 2024, the Company has an accumulated deficit, and net working capital deficit of and respectively. The Company s activities were primarily financed through private placements of equity securities and issuance of debt. The Company intends to raise additional capital through the issuance of debt and/or equity securities to fund its operations. The Company is reliant on future fundraising to finance operations soon. Such financing may not be available on terms satisfactory to the Company, if at all. In light of these matters, there is substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements. Currently, management intends to develop an improved healthcare communications system and intends to develop alliances with strategic partners to generate revenues that will sustain the Company. While management believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. Management s ability to continue as a going concern is ultimately dependent upon its ability to continually increase the Company s customer base and realize increased revenues from signed contracts. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 7 Table of Contents Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts at September 30, 2024. Software Development Costs and Acquired Software Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 8 Table of Contents and , respectively and non-recurring revenues of and , respectively. 9 Table of Contents Advertising Costs and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accounting for Derivative Instruments 10 Table of Contents Income Taxes Net Loss Per Share 11 Table of Contents Derivative Instruments Leases 12 Table of Contents Allowance for Credit Losses Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 13 Table of Contents shares, of which shares were designated Series A preferred stock, par value per share and were designated common stock, par value per share. The Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, FGMC is treated as the acquired company and Old iCore is treated as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Old iCore issuing stock for the net assets of FGMC, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of FGMC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or intangible assets recorded. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, each issued and outstanding share of Old iCore Common Stock was canceled and converted into Company Common Stock based upon the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement). The shares and corresponding capital amounts and loss per share related to Old iCore Common Stock prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively restated to reflect the Exchange Ratio. All non-redeemed shares of FGMC common stock were converted into new iCoreConnect Inc. Series A preferred stock (the Preferred Stock on a one for one basis. Unvested outstanding stock options to purchase shares of Old iCore Common Stock Old iCore Options granted under the iCoreConnect Inc 2016 Stock Incentive Plan 2016 Plan converted into stock options for shares of Company Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions that were in effect with respect to such stock options immediately prior to the Business Combination, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio (the Exchanged Options ). Old iCore Options that were vested at the time of the merger converted into shares of Company Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions that were in effect with respect to such options immediately prior to the Business Combination, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio. Outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Old iCore Common Stock Old iCore warrants issued and outstanding converted into shares of Company Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions that were in effect with respect to such warrants immediately prior to the Business Combination, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio. The following table details the number of shares of Company Common Stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination: - Less: Redemptions of FGMC common stock - Common stock held by former FGMC shareholders - FGMC sponsor shares - Underwriter shares - Sponsor shares transferred for services - Sponsor shares transferred for non-redemption - Shares issued related to extension note - Total FGMC common shares outstanding prior to conversion to preferred stock - Conversion of existing FGMC common stockholders to new preferred stock Shares issued to Old iCore stockholders for purchase consideration - Total 14 Table of Contents Cash transferred to Forward Purchase Agreement Gross proceeds Less: FGMC and Old iCore transaction costs paid Effect of Business Combination, net of redemptions and transaction costs All existing FGMC warrants were converted into Preferred Stock warrants with the same terms and conditions: Sponsor and Investors Sponsor Customer relationships Acquired technology Total definite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2023 Capitalized software Customer relationships Acquired technology Total definite-lived intangible assets at September 30, 2024 In January 2024, the Company purchased Acquired Technology in the amount of . The amortization expense of intangible assets was and nil for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s amortization is based on no residual value using the straight-line amortization method as it best represents the benefit of the intangible assets. In July 2024, the Company purchased customer relations ships in exchange for shares of common stock with a value of . 15 Table of Contents Purchased Shares were deemed to be Commitment Shares and the remaining Purchased Shares were deemed to be Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares . Upon the closing of the Business Combination FGMC caused Purchaser to be paid directly out of the funds held in FGMC s trust account, a cash amount (the Prepayment Amount equal to the number of Purchased Shares multiplied by the amount paid to redeeming stockholders in connection with the Business Combination (the Redemption Price ). The Redemption Price was . Upon the sale of the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares (or underlying FGMC Common Stock) by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will remit the Reference Price (as defined below) per share to FGMC. On the earlier to occur of: the occurrence of a Registration Failure (as defined in the FPA), and the date that is eighteen months after the closing of the Business Combination (the Maturity Date ), then, for any Common Stock underlying the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares not sold by the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall, on the 25th trading day after the Maturity Date (the Payment Date ), pay the Company an amount equal to (i) the number of Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares that the Purchaser held on the Maturity Date, multiplied by (ii) the lowest daily volume weighted average price per share of FGMC Common Stock during the twenty trading days beginning on the day after the Maturity Date less 0.15. Any Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares that are held as Preferred Stock by the Purchaser will not be eligible for the earning or payment of dividends. Between the Maturity Date and the Payment Date, the Purchaser may not sell more than a number of Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares per day equal to the greater of (i) 5 of the Purchased Shares owned by the Purchaser at the Maturity Date and (ii) 10 of the daily trading volume on such date. The Purchaser has agreed that until the Maturity Date, the Common Stock underlying the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares may not be sold for a price less than the Reference Price. The Reference Price will initially equal the Redemption Price and will be reduced (but never increased) each month commencing on the first day of the month starting 30 days after the Business Combination closing to the volume weighted average price of the FGMC Common Stock for the preceding 10 trading days, but in no event less than 10.00 per share (the Floor unless in the Company s sole discretion, the Floor is lowered. Any reduction of the Floor shall be accomplished through a written notice from the Company to Purchaser. The FPA provides for certain registration rights. In particular, FGMC is required to, within 30 calendar days following written request by Purchaser, file with the SEC a registration statement registering the resale of all shares held by Purchaser and have such registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof. In August 2024, the parties entered into an amendment which extend the conversion date to the maturity date. In addition, the parties confirmed their agreement that the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares would not be eligible for dividends or any downside protection while such shares remained as Preferred Stock. Given the Company has not been able to have the Preferred Stock trade on any exchange, the Company is valuing the Prepaid Forward Purchase Shares at market value as of September 2024 as these share can likely only extra value if converted into Common Stock. 16 Table of Contents due (3) Secured Promissory Note bearing interest at due (4) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (5) Convertible Note bearing interest at due (6) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (6) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (7) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (8) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (5) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (1) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (9) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (10) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (11) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (12) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (13) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (13) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (6) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (14) Convertible Note bearing interest at , due (15) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (16) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (13) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (13) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (6) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (6) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (16) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (5) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (11) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (12) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (15) Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (17) Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due Total notes payable Less: Unamortized debt discounts Less: unamortized financing costs Total notes payable, net of financing costs Less current maturities Total Long-Term Debt 17 Table of Contents in exchange for the conversion of a payable in the amount of . The maturity of the convertible note is June 1, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 100 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on December 29, 2023. At maturity this note was reissued under the existing terms with a maturity date of July 31, 2024 in addition the Company will issue restricted common stock at maturity. The value of the Common Stock was deemed to be and is being expensed equally over the new term. On maturity this note was extended under the same terms to July 31, 2024. On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into securities purchase agreement with the note holders whose debt had matured as of July 31, 2024 totaling 507,060 inclusive of all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. The parties entered into a new convertible promissory note with a maturity date of August 1, 2025. The note is convertible at with a mandatory conversion if the Company s stock price is at 0.69 or above subject to there being at least 75,000 daily share trading volume over five consecutive days. The note carries an interest rate of 12 per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. The note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. On June 1, 2024, the Company issued a convertible note entered into a securities purchase agreement with another related investor, pursuant to which the Company in principal amount of in exchange for the conversion of a payable in the amount of . The maturity of convertible note is July 31, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to of the closing price of the Company s common stock on June 1, 2024. On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into securities purchase agreement with the note holders whose debt had matured as of July 31, 2024 totaling 405,636 inclusive of all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. The parties entered into a new convertible promissory note with a maturity date of August 1, 2025. The note is convertible at 0.53 with a mandatory conversion if the Company s stock price is at 0.69 or above subject to there being at least 75,000 daily share trading volume over five consecutive days. The note carries an interest rate of 12 per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. The note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 2. In November 2021, the Company signed a equipment finance agreement with a maturity date months after issuance from a third-party financing company. Payments of principal and interest of are due monthly. 3. On February 28, 2022, the Company signed a secured promissory note with a maturity date 48 months after issuance and received in exchange net of fees. An Interest charge of per annum shall accrue, with interest only payments being made for the first six months after which both interest and principal will be due. The Company has right of prepayment subject to certain minimum interest payments being made. The Prepayment Fee shall be (i) equal to 6 months interest that would have accrued with regard to the prepaid principal, if prepaid prior to the 2nd anniversary of the date of the Initial Advance or Subsequent Advance, as applicable, and (ii) equal to 3 months interest that would have accrued with regard to the prepaid principal, if prepaid on or after the 2nd anniversary and prior to the 3rd anniversary of the date of the Initial Advance or Subsequent Advance, as applicable. Additionally, the Company has the following covenant requirements; maintaining a minimum cash balance of in its combined bank accounts as well as entering into a Deposit Account Control Agreement; monthly financial reporting requirements and certifications; obtaining other indebtedness without consent; merge, consolidate or transfer assets; pledge assets as collateral; or guarantee without consent of the Lender. On February 12, 2024, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with an effective date of December 31, 2024 whereby the Company agreed to make payment to cure certain defaults under the original Loan Agreement. In addition, the Company agreed to increase the default rate of interest in the Loan Agreement, report certain financial and cash metrics on a weekly basis, budgetary updates as well as pay down of balance of 10 of all financing raised over , in exchange for interest only payments until July 2024 and waiver of all covenants. The Company has obtained an additional waiver until December 31, 2024. 18 Table of Contents related to its purchase of the assets of Preferred Dental Development LLC. The Note carries an interest of per annum and is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. The principal balance of the note was fully repaid in December 31, 2023 with only the interest portion of outstanding as of December 31, 2023. The note was fully repaid in January 2024. The promissory note was subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 5. In October 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note for . The maturity of the Promissory Note is May 13, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate of per share. In conjunction with the Promissory Note, the Company also issued a five-year warrant to purchase shares of Company common stock with an exercise price of . The value of the warrants of 13,498 as determined by a Black-Scholes calculation is separated from the value of the note and expensed equally over the term of the note as a financing fee. At maturity this note was extended under existing terms till July 31, 2024 in addition the Company will issue restricted common stock at maturity. The value of the Common Stock was deemed to be and is being expensed equally over the new term. On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024, the Company entered into an extension of the term of the note to October 31, 2024 under the same terms and conditions. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. On December 28, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with the existing investor, pursuant to which the Company issued the investor a convertible note in principal amount of . The maturity of the convertible note is December 28, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 120 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance which was 1.31 or 1.57 for the share price of conversion. In December 2023, the Company entered into an amendment with holder of an Amendment to Convertible Promissory Notes issued in October 2023 whereby the holder of the Note agreed that the Note would not be convertible into shares of Company Common Stock unless and until the Company s shareholders approve such conversion per NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(d). The Company and the Note holder also entered into amendments to the warrants to purchase common stock issued in connection with the issuance of the Note, pursuant to which the holder of the Warrants agreed that the Warrants would not become exercisable unless and until the Company s shareholders approve the exercise of the Warrants pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(d), such approval was obtained on May 31, 2024. On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into an exchange agreement and new convertible promissory note with the holder totaling inclusive of any and all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. Pursuant to the exchange agreements . The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 6. In October 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, pursuant to which the Company issued the investor a Convertible Promissory Note in principal amount of . . In December 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with the existing investor, pursuant to which the Company issued the investor a convertible note in principal amount of . The maturity of the convertible note is December 18, 2024 and carries an interest rate of 12 per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 120 of the closing price of the Company s . On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into exchange agreements and convertible promissory notes with the note holder whose debt matured after July 31, 2024 totaling inclusive of all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. Pursuant to the exchange agreements the Company issued a new note that extended the term of the original debt to August 1, 2027 and provide for a new . The new note carries an interest rate of per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. The promissory notes are subordinate to the Company s senior lenders. On April 2, 2024 the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of with the existing investor. The maturity of the promissory note is and carries an interest rate of per annum with interest and principal due at maturity. On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into an exchange agreement and new convertible promissory note with the holder totaling inclusive of any and all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. Pursuant to the exchange agreements the Company issued a new note that extended the term of the original debt to August 1, 2027 and provide for a new conversion price of 0.80 with a mandatory conversion if the Company s stock price is at 1.04 or above subject to there being at least 75,000 daily share trading volume over five consecutive days. The new note carries an interest rate of 12 per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. The promissory notes are subordinate to the Company s senior lenders. 7. In December 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible note in principal amount of . The maturity of the convertible note is December 19, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance which was or for the share price of conversion. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lender. 19 Table of Contents per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 120 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance which was 1.69 or 2.03 for the share price of conversion. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lender. 9. In December 2023, the Company issued a subordinated note to a service provider in principal amount of in exchange for conversion of an account payable in the amount of . The maturity of the subordinated note is December 26, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is to be paid in interest only installments for three months followed with a ballon payment in month four and then a combination of principal and interest payments for the remaining term. The note is secured by the assets of the Company and is junior to the security interest of the Company s senior lender. As part of the note payable the Company agreed to purchase investor relation consulting services totaling payable in quarterly installments beginning in January 2024. The Company was not incompliance with certain provisions of the loan as of September 30, 2024 and has obtained a waiver for any defaults. 10. On January 1, 2024 the Company entered into a promissory note with Teamworx for due January 31, 2024 with no interest. On February 1, 2024, the note was extended to February 29, 2024 with 12 with principal and interest due at maturity. On March 1, 204 the note was extended again to April 30, 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. This note was further extended to May 6, 2024 under the same terms and was fully repaid in May 2023. 11. On February 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, pursuant to which the Company issued the investor a convertible note in principal amount of in exchange for . The maturity of the convertible note is February 1, 2025 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 120 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The convertible note is being sold and issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to an accredited investor, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. . On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into an exchange agreement and new convertible promissory note with the holder totaling inclusive of any and all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. Pursuant to the exchange agreements the Company issued a new note that extended the term of the original debt to August 1, 2027 and provide for a new conversion price of 0.80 with a mandatory conversion if the Company s stock price is at 1.04 or above subject to there being at least 75,000 daily share trading volume over five consecutive days. The new note carries an interest rate of 12 per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lender. 12. On February 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, pursuant to which the Company issued the investor a convertible note in principal amount of in exchange for . The maturity of the convertible note is February 1, 2025 and carries an interest rate of 12 per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 120 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The convertible note is being sold and issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to an accredited investor, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. . On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into an exchange agreement and new convertible promissory note with the holder totaling 5,298 inclusive of any and all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. Pursuant to the exchange agreements the Company issued a new note that extended the term of the original debt to August 1, 2027 and provide for a new conversion price of 0.80 with a mandatory conversion if the Company s stock price is at 1.04 or above subject to there being at least 75,000 daily share trading volume over five consecutive days. The new note carries an interest rate of 12 per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lender. 20 Table of Contents 13. . The Purchase Agreement contemplates funding of the investment across two tranches. At the first closing (the Initial Closing an aggregate principal amount of will be issued upon the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of , representing an original issue discount of 10 . On such date (the Initial Closing Date ), the Company will also issue the Investors shares of Company common stock (the Commitment Shares ). Subject to satisfying the conditions discussed below, the Company has the right under the Purchase Agreement, but not the obligation, to require that the Investors purchase additional Notes at one additional closing. Upon notice, the Company may require that the Investors purchase an additional aggregate principal amount of of Notes, in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,000,000, if, among other items, , which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions. With limited exceptions, if the Company at any time while a Note is outstanding, issues any common stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire shares of common stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the Conversion Price then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the same price as the new investment. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. If the Company fails to make any Amortization Payments when due, then each holder may alternatively elect to convert all or any portion of such holder s Notes at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the Conversion Price, and (ii) 90 of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately prior to such conversion. On April 26, 2024, the Company and the Investors entered into an amendment to the Purchase Agreements (the Amendment and related transaction documents, pursuant to which the terms of the Financing were amended. The amended terms include, but are not limited to, an increase in the total amount of the Notes issuable under the Financing to an aggregate principal amount of up to 8,250,000. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Company has the right to provide the Note holders a notice that permits the holders to voluntarily convert the Notes at any time at the Market Price (defined below) on the date of conversion (such notice Voluntary Conversion Notice ). 21 Table of Contents On July 31, 2024, a second closing occurred (the Second Closing ), pursuant to which an aggregate principal amount of of Notes (the July Notes was issued in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of , representing an original issue discount of . On such date (the Second Closing Date ), the Company also issued the Investors shares of Company common stock (the Second Commitment Shares ). The Notes will mature 12 months from their respective issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted. Commencing on the six-month anniversary of the issue date, the Company will be required to make monthly amortization payments pursuant to the Note of approximately 1/6th of the principal amount of the Note per month (the Amortization Payments ). The Notes will be the Company s unsecured obligations and equal in right of payment with all of our other indebtedness and other indebtedness of any of our subsidiaries. The Notes were issued with an original issue discount of 10.0 per annum, and will not accrue additional interest during the term; provided that the interest rate of the Notes will automatically increase to 16 per annum (the Default Rate upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default (See Events of Default below). Each holder of Notes may convert all, or any part, of the outstanding Notes, at any time at such holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial , the Company provided the holders of all of the Notes a Voluntary Conversion Notice and accordingly, the Notes may be converted by the holders at any time at the Market Price (defined below). With limited exceptions, if the Company at any time while a Note is outstanding, issues any common stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire shares of common stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the Conversion Price then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the same price as the new investment. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. If the Company fails to make any Amortization Payments when due, then each holder may alternatively elect to convert all or any portion of such holder s Notes at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the Conversion Price, and (ii) 90 of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately prior to such conversion (the Market Price ). The Notes contain standard and customary events of defaults (each, an Event of Default ), including but not limited: (i) failure to pay to the holder any amounts when due; iii) the failure to timely file or make effective the Registration Statement (as described below) pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) the failure to obtain Shareholder Approval (as described below), and (iv) bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company. The Notes prohibit the Company from entering specified fundamental transactions (including, without limitation, mergers, business combinations and similar transactions) unless the Company (or the Company s successor) assumes in writing all of the obligations under the Notes and the other transaction documents in the Financing. In addition, if such event occurs then the holder of the Note shall have the right to (i) be repaid the full amount owed under the Note and (ii) receive upon conversion of all or any portion of the Note such stock, securities or assets which the holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had the Note been converted immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein). 22 Table of Contents . At closing an aggregate principal amount of will be issued upon the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of , representing an original issue discount of . On such date, the Company will also issue the Investors 17,034 shares of Company common stock (the Commitment Shares ). The Note will mature 12 months from its respective issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted. Commencing on the six-month anniversary of the issue date, the Company will be required to make monthly amortization payments pursuant to the Note of approximately 1/6th of the principal amount of the Note per month (the Amortization Payments ). The Note will be the Company s unsecured obligations and equal in right of payment with all of our other indebtedness and other indebtedness of any of our subsidiaries. The Notes were issued with an original issue discount of 10.0 per annum, and will not accrue additional interest during the term; provided that the interest rate of the Notes will automatically increase to 16 per annum (the Default Rate upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default. Each holder of Note may convert all, or any part, of the outstanding Note, at any time at such holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of per share, which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions. With limited exceptions, if the Company at any time while a Note is outstanding, issues any common stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire shares of common stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the Conversion Price then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the same price as the new investment. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. If the Company fails to make any Amortization Payments when due, then each holder may alternatively elect to convert all or any portion of such holder s Notes at a conversion price equal to the lesser of . The Company received a waiver for untimely filing of its regulatory reporting requirements from the lender. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 23 Table of Contents . The Note will mature 11 months from the respective issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted. Commencing on the one-month anniversary of the issue date, the Company will be required to make monthly amortization payments pursuant to the Note of approximately 1/10th of the principal amount of the Note per month (the Amortization Payments ). The Note will be the Company s unsecured obligations and equal in right of payment with all of our other indebtedness and other indebtedness of any of our subsidiaries. The Notes were issued with an original issue discount of per annum, and will accrue interest during the term; provided that the interest rate of the Notes will automatically increase to per annum (the Default Rate upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default. The Note may convert all, or any part, of the outstanding Notes, at any time at such holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of per share, which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions in the event of default only. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. On September 4, 2024 the Company issued a second securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Investors agreed to purchase from the Company unsecured convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of . The Note will mature 12 months from the respective issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted. Commencing on the sixth-month anniversary of the issue date, the Company will be required to make monthly amortization payments pursuant to the Note of approximately 1/6th of the principal amount of the Note per month (the Amortization Payments ). The Note will be the Company s unsecured obligations and equal in right of payment with all of our other indebtedness and other indebtedness of any of our subsidiaries. The Notes were issued with an original issue discount of per annum, and will accrue interest during the term; provided that the interest rate of the Notes will automatically increase to 22 per annum (the Default Rate upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default. The Note may convert all, or any part, of the outstanding Notes, at any time at such holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of 0.50 per share, which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions in the event of default only. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 16. On May 22, 2024, iCoreConnect, Inc. (the Company issued an unsecured note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to a single lender. The Note matures on November 15, 2025 (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier repaid. On the Maturity Date, all principal and interest will be due along with an origination amount of . Commencing November 15, 2024, interest will accrue on the outstanding principal and the origination amount at the rate of per annum; provided that the interest rate will automatically increase by per month, compounded monthly upon the occurrence of an event of default. If the Company completes a transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which a material portion of the Company s outstanding debt is paid, refinanced, recapitalized, compromised, or otherwise satisfied, then all amounts under the Note will become immediately due and payable. If the Company does not repay the Note, including the origination amount, prior to November 15, 2024, the Company shall be required to issue the lender shares of Company common stock (the Rollover Shares ). The Note contains standard and customary events of defaults, including but not limited: (i) failure to pay to the holder any amounts when due; (ii) the failure to pay when due any other debts of the Company, and (iii) bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. On August 13, 2024, with an effective date of August 1, 2024 the Company entered into an exchange agreement and new convertible promissory note with the holder totaling inclusive of any and all unamortized OID, accrued interest and outstanding principal. Pursuant to the exchange agreements the Company issued a new note that extended the term of the original debt to August 1, 2027 and provide for a new conversion price of with a mandatory conversion if the Company s stock price is at 1.04 or above subject to there being at least 75,000 daily share trading volume over five consecutive days. The new note carries an interest rate of 12 per annum with all interest and principal due at maturity. 17. On September 13, 2024 the Company executed a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Investor agreed to purchase from the Company unsecured convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of . At closing an aggregate principal amount of will be issued upon the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of , representing an original issue discount of 10 . The Note will mature 12 months from its respective issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted with all principal and interest due at maturity. The holder of Note may convert all, or any part, of the outstanding Note, at any time at such holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of 0.53 per share, which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions. With limited exceptions, if the Company at any time while a Note is outstanding, issues any common stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire shares of common stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the Conversion Price then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the same price as the new investment. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 24 Table of Contents , due (1) Related Party Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Related Party Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (2) Related Party Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Related Party Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Related Party Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due (1) Related Party Convertible Promissory Note bearing interest at , due Total notes payable Less: Unamortized debt discounts Less: unamortized financing costs Total notes payable, net of financing costs Less current maturities Total Long-Term Debt 1. In October 2023 the Company entered into two separate new notes with a related party; (a) Promissory Note with interest per annum which shall be paid on the maturity date which is December 31, 2023. In conjunction with the issuance of the Promissory Note, the Company also issued the investor a five-year warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of Company common stock with an exercise price of per share, which was of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance; (b) the Company issued the investor a convertible promissory note in principal amount of .91 The maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note is May 26, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate of per share, which was the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. In conjunction with the Convertible Promissory Note, the Company also issued the investor shares of Company common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase 6,629 shares of Company common stock with an exercise price of per share, which was 120 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. In December 2023, the Company entered into an amendment with holder of an Amendment to Convertible Promissory Notes issued in October 2023 whereby the holder of the Note agreed that the Note would not be convertible into shares of Company Common Stock unless and until the Company s shareholders approve such conversion per NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(d) which was obtained on May 31, 2024. The Company and the Note holder also entered into amendments to the warrants to purchase common stock issued in connection with the issuance of the Note, pursuant to which the holder of the Warrants agreed that the Warrants would not become exercisable unless and until the Company s shareholders approve the exercise of the Warrants pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(d) which was obtained on May 31, 2024. On April 8, 2024 with an effective date of January 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with a related party pursuant to which the Company issued the related party a convertible note in the principal amount of in exchange for 200,000. The maturity of the convertible note is April 30, 2024 and carries an interest rate of 12 per annum and is initially convertible into Company common stock at a conversion rate equal to 120 of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. In conjunction with the April 8, 2024 Note, we issued the investor a five-year warrant to purchase shares of our common stock with an exercise price of . At maturity these notes were reissued under the same terms for a maturity date of July 31, 2024. Accrued and unpaid interest as of June, 2024 was and unamortized financing costs were . The promissory notes are subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. 25 Table of Contents 2. with paid to the Holder on issuance for net proceeds of and matures on December 31, 2023. The Note carries an interest of per annum as interest is payable monthly in arrears with principal due at maturity. There is no penalty for early payoff. If an event of default occurs, the Note along with any outstanding and accrued interest is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at at the sole discretion of the issuer. On April 8, 2024 with an effective date of January 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with a related party pursuant to which the Company issued the related party a promissory note in the principal amount of in exchange for 260,000. The maturity of the promissory note is April 30, 2024 and carries an interest rate of per annum. In conjunction with the April 8, 2024 Note, we issued the investor a five-year warrant to purchase shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 1.50. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lender. Accrued and unpaid interest as of June 30, 2024 was and unamortized financing costs were . On maturity this note was extended on the same terms until May 1, 2024. On May 13, 2024, the Company entered into a Note Amendment with an extension of a Convertible Promissory Note in the original amount of with an original maturity date of May 13, 2024 to be extended to July 31, 2024. In consideration for the extension the Company will issue the holder restricted shares of common stock at maturity. The shares are subject to the Company s ability to issue such shares in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) which will require the approval by the Company s shareholders of certain proposals to be considered at the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting to be held on May 31, 2024. To the extent the Company is unable to issue the shares in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d), the Company s obligation to issue the shares shall be tolled until such time as the Company is able to issue such shares. At maturity this note was reissued under the same terms to . At maturity this note was reissued under the same terms to September 30, 2024. The convertible promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. up to shares of Company Common Stock, par value per shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock on the issuance of convertible debt, shares of common stock on the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock and shares of common stock related to stock based compensation. 26 Table of Contents shares of Company Series A Preferred Stock, par value per shares. The Preferred Stock have the rights, preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitations including but not limited to: per share; provided that the Conversion Price shall be reset to the lesser of 10.00 or 20 above the simple average of the volume weighted average price on the 20 trading days following 12 months after August 25, 2023; provided further that such Conversion Price shall be no greater than 10.00 and no less than 2.00 and subject to appropriate and customary adjustment . The holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any matters submitted to the stockholders of the Company. From and after the date of the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock, dividends shall accrue at the rate per annum of 12 of the original issue price for each share of Preferred Stock, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any other dividend (subject to appropriate adjustments). Dividends shall accrue from day to day and shall be cumulative and shall be payable within fifteen (15) business days after the end of the Company s second quarter, which is June 30, commencing with the quarter ending June 30, 2024 to each holder of Preferred Stock as of such date. From the Closing of the Business Combination until the second anniversary of the date of the original issuance of the Preferred Stock, the Company may, at its option, pay all or part of the accruing dividends on the Preferred Stock by issuing and delivering additional shares of Preferred Stock to the holders thereof. The Company shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company, unless the holders of the iCoreConnect Preferred Stock then outstanding shall first receive dividends due and owing on each outstanding share of iCoreConnect Preferred Stock. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) one times the applicable original issue price, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, and (ii) such amount as would have been payable had all shares of Preferred Stock been converted into the Company s Common Stock pursuant to the following paragraph immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, before any payment shall be made to the holders of the Company s Common Stock. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Common Stock as is determined by dividing the original issue price by the Conversion Price in effect at the time of conversion, subject to adjustment. After 24 months from the Closing of the Business Combination, in the event the closing share price of the Company s Common Stock shall exceed 140 of the Conversion Price (as defined in the Merger Agreement) then in effect, then (i) each outstanding share of Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into such number of shares of the Company s Common Stock as is determined by dividing the original issue price by the Conversion Price in effect at the time of conversion and (ii) such shares may not be reissued by the Company, subject to adjustment. At the time of such conversion, the Company shall declare and pay all of the dividends that are accrued and unpaid as of the time of the conversion by either, at the option of the Company, (i) issuing additional Preferred Stock or (ii) paying cash. Immediately prior to any such optional conversion the Company shall pay all dividends on the Preferred Stock being converted that are accrued and unpaid as of such time by, either, at the option of the Company: (i) issuing additional Preferred Stock or (ii) paying cash. 27 Table of Contents Series A Preferred stock in conjunction with asset acquisitions of FeatherPay, Verifi Dental Limited and Teamworx LLC and Series A Preferred stock as in-kind dividend. Preferred Stockholders converted shares of Preferred Stock for shares of common stock. On August 25, 2024 the Company issued the mandatory dividend on its Preferred Stock in-kind, issuing Series A Preferred Stock to eligible holders of record. Common Stock Options Certain employees and executives have been granted options or warrants that are compensatory in nature. A summary of option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are presented below: - Granted - Exercised - - - Forfeited - Balance Outstanding September 30, 2024 - Exercisable September 30, 2024 - Granted Vested Forfeited - Nonvested September 30, 2024 28 Table of Contents shares of common stock related to the Chief Executive Officer for bonus related to 2022 service with a fair value of . On March 13, 2023 the Company s Board of Directors approved the grant of shares of common stock to certain board members for services related to 2018 service. In April 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved compensation for its Board Members and Committee Members for the year ended December 31, 2023. On an annual basis equivalent, Board Members are compensated , with additional compensation of for being a Committee Member, an additional for being a Chair of a Committee and for being the Board Chair. Compensation is to be paid quarterly in arrears at the closing stock price of the last trading day of the quarter. The Company has recorded an expense of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Common Stock Warrants The Company typically issues warrants to individual investors and institutions to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock in connection with public and private placement fundraising activities. Warrants may also be issued to individuals or companies in exchange for services provided for the Company. The warrants are typically exercisable six months after the issue date, expire in five years, and contain a cash exercise provision and registration rights. In May 2023, the Company entered into amendments with certain warrant holders whose warrants contained down round provisions and modified these warrants to remove such provisions from inception. As such the number and exercise of these warrants are set back to their original values as originally intended by the parties. During the nine months ending September 30, 2023, the Company issued Common Stock Warrants. During the nine months ending September 30, 2024, the Company issued Common Stock Warrants. 29 Table of Contents shares. This includes warrant to purchase shares of common stock that were issued in July 2024 with anti-dilution protection, which warrants were repriced to which caused an additional shares of common stock to be issuable pursuant to the warrants. Granted 0.56 - Exercised - - - Cancelled - - - Outstanding September 30, 2024 Preferred Stock Warrants 9.7 - Granted - - - Exercised - - - Expired - - - Outstanding September 30, 2024 8.9 - - Granted - - - Exercised - - - Expired - - - Outstanding September 30, 2024 10,122,313 - 30 Table of Contents - Granted - - - Exercised - - - Expired - - - Outstanding September 30, 2024 - Equity Line of Credit On September 12, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, Ltd. on behalf of and for the account of Segregated Portfolio #8 SPC #8 Arena ), pursuant to which Arena has committed to purchase up to million (the Commitment Amount of our common stock, at our direction from time to time, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in the Purchase Agreement. As consideration for Arena s irrevocable commitment to purchase Common Stock upon the terms of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of shares of Common Stock equaling (the Commitment Fee Shares based on a price per share equal to the simple average daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten trading days immediately preceding the date on which the SEC declares the Registration Statement effective. This line was cancelled in February 2024 and the Company expensed deferred costs of related to this transaction which were recorded as financing costs. On August 16, 2024, the Company executed a Strata Purchase Agreement with Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC Clearthink (the Strata Agreement ). Pursuant to the Strata Agreement, Clearthink has committed to purchase up to million (the Commitment Amount of Company common stock, at the Company s direction from time to time, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in the Strata Agreement. Such sales of common stock, if any, will be subject to certain limitations, and may occur from time to time at the Company s sole discretion over the approximately 24-month period commencing on the date that a registration statement (the Registration Statement covering the resale by Clearthink of the shares of common stock purchased from the Company (which the Company has agreed to file) is declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and remains effective, and the other conditions set forth in the Strata Agreement are satisfied. On August 16, 2024, the Company executed a Registration Rights Agreement with Clearthink (the Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement within 30 days registering the shares of Company common stock issuable pursuant to the Strata Agreement. Clearthink has no right to require the Company to sell any shares of common stock to Clearthink, but Clearthink is obligated to make purchases at the Company s direction subject to certain conditions. There is no upper limit on the price per share that Clearthink could be obligated to pay for the common stock under the Strata Agreement. Actual sales of shares of common stock to Clearthink from time to time will depend on a variety of factors, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for its operations. The net proceeds that the Company may receive under the Strata Agreement cannot be determined at this time, since it will depend on the frequency and prices at which the Company sell shares of its common stock to Clearthink, the Company s ability to meet the conditions of the Strata Agreement and the other limitations, terms and conditions of the Strata Agreement. The Company expects that any proceeds received by the Company from such sales to Clearthink will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 31 Table of Contents . The purchase price of . Unless earlier terminated as provided in the Strata Agreement, the Strata Agreement will terminate automatically on the earliest to occur of: (i) the 24-month anniversary of the date of the Registration Statement becoming effective; and (ii) the date on which Clearthink shall have purchased shares of common stock under the Strata Agreement for an aggregate gross purchase price equal to Commitment Amount under the Strata Agreement. The Company has the right to terminate the Strata Agreement at any time, at no cost or penalty, upon one trading days prior written notice to Clearthink. As consideration for Clearthink s irrevocable commitment to purchase common stock upon the terms of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Strata Agreement, upon execution of the Strata Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of shares of common stock with a value of (the Commitment Fee Shares to Clearthink. 32 Table of Contents . As of September 30, 2024, undiscounted future lease obligations for the office spaces are as follows: Lease costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were [ ] and cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were [ ]. As of September, 2024, the following represents the difference between the remaining undiscounted lease commitments under non-cancelable leases and the lease liabilities: Present value adjustment using incremental borrowing rate Lease liabilities (B) LITIGATION On February 21, 2023, the Company received a notice under section 21 of Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 related to a dispute pursuant to a contract between the Company and a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider has asserted the Company has violated the terms of the contract and has claimed damages of approximately . On April 9, 2024 the Company was served with notice that the case had been brought before the Supreme Court of India and the Company has obtained local counsel. Subsequently the Company filed a petition with the Supreme Court of India to dismiss the claim on various grounds. The Supreme Court of India denied the Company s request on July 15, 2024 and appointed a single Arbitrator to the matter. The Company continues to evaluate the claims asserted against it and intends to defend itself vigorously in these proceedings however, there can be no assurances that it will be successful in its efforts. The outcome of this matter is not expected to have a material effect on these financial statements. (C) COMPENSATION On March 29, 2024, the Compensation Committee approved a management incentive plan pursuant to which it agreed to issue ten-year options with an immediate vest to purchase shares of . Approval of the Plan Amendment was received on May 31, 2024 and the total value of the grant of was expensed on this date. On March 29, 2024, the Compensation Committee awarded a cash and option bonus related to 2023 performance. The options are subject to subject to the approval of the Plan Amendment at the Annual Meeting, to the following officers, among other employees, . 33 Table of Contents per depositor. As a result, there could be a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company has not experienced any losses due to these excess deposits and believes the risk is not significant. With respect to trade receivables, management routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, as a consequence, believes that the receivable credit risk exposure is limited. The Company has historically provided financial terms to customers in accordance with what management views as industry norms. Access to the Company s software products usually requires immediate payment but can extend several months under certain circumstances. Management periodically and regularly reviews customer account activity in order to assess the adequacy of allowances for doubtful accounts, considering such factors as economic conditions and each customer s payment history and creditworthiness. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, or if they were otherwise unable to make payments in accordance with management s expectations, we might have to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, modify their financial terms and/or pursue alternative collection methods. The Company has no significant customers (greater than of total revenue) in its nine-month 2024 revenue. The Company has accounts receivable concentration with three customers in 2024 representing of total accounts receivables outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and one customer that represented of accounts receivable outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 44 Professional services and other Total revenue For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue: Subscription software and services Professional services and other Total revenue 34 Table of Contents . Teamworx LLC Teamworx On January 1, 2024, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Teamworx LLC Teamworx ). Teamworx was engaged in the business of healthcare billing and payment processing. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company purchased the assets of the Seller utilized in the Seller s business. As consideration for the acquired assets: . Verifi Dental Limited Verifi On January 1, 2024, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Verifi Dental, Limited (the Seller ). The Seller was engaged in the business of healthcare billing and payment processing. As consideration for the acquired assets: . Certain fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities may be estimated at the acquisition date pending confirmation or completion of the valuation process. Where provisional values are used in accounting for a business combination, they may be adjusted retrospectively in subsequent periods within the measurement period when it reflects new information obtained about facts and circumstances that were in existence at the acquisition date. The measurement period cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the dates detailed in the table: Note payable Common stock Series A preferred stock Fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Assets acquired: Cash Accounts receivable Acquired technology Deferred revenue Total assets acquired 35 Table of Contents . Fair values of identifiable assets disposed: Assets acquired: Prepaid expenses Customer relationships Deferred revenue Total assets disposed The sale of assets were approved by the secured senior lenders and required the Company to transfer proceeds totaling from the proceeds of the sale. The acquire of assets also assumed the Company s North Carolina building lease. Financing As part of the September 13, 2024 financing the Company issued an unsecured convertible note on November 9, 2024 in the aggregate principal amount of in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of representing an original issue discount of . The Note will mature 12 months from its respective issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted with all principal and interest due at maturity. The holder of Note may convert all, or any part, of the outstanding Note, at any time at such holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of per share, which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions. With limited exceptions, if the Company at any time while a Note is outstanding, issues any common stock or securities entitling any person or entity to acquire shares of common stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the Conversion Price then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the same price as the new investment. A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , or the Maximum Percentage , of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The promissory note is subordinated to the Company s senior lenders. On November 18, 2024 with an effective date of October 31, 2024 the Company entered into modification and extension for a convertible note that matured with an original principal amount of and conversion rate of . The note was extended to November 30, 2024 and the conversion rate was reduced to . In conjunction with the extension and modification, the Company issued warrants with a five year mature and an exercise price of . On November 18, 2024 the holder of the note converted their balance of into shares of common stock. The holder also converted a convertible note with an original principal balance of issued on August 1, 2024 and balance of as of November 18, 2024 with a conversion rate of for shares of common stock. On November 18, 2024 with an effective date of August 31, 2024 the Company extended note payable to a related party with an original principal amount of and an original maturity of August 31, 2024 to January 31, 2025. In consideration for the extension the Company issued warrants with a five year maturity and an exercise price of . On November 18, 2024 with an effective date of September 30, 2024 the Company extended note payable to a related party with an original principal amount of and an original maturity of September 30, 2024 to January 31, 2025. In consideration for the extension the Company issued warrants with a five year maturity and an exercise price of . Conversion of Debt Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company received conversion notices for a total of in combined principal and interest from various convertible debt holders resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock On October 11, 2024 the Company received conversion notices of Series A Preferred Shares totaling from several stockholders resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. Equity Line of Credit On November 1, 2024 the Company utilized its STRATA agreement and exchanged shares of Common Stock for net proceeds of . 36 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including without limitation this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, other than statements of historical information, are forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by such words as may, will, expect, anticipate, believe, estimate and continue or similar words. We believe it is important to communicate our future expectations to investors. However, these forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors disclosed under the heading Risk Factors and under the heading entitled Going Concern in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our actual results could differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Report on Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results, other than to comply with the federal securities laws. About the Company Company History The Company is a cloud-based software and technology company focused on increasing workflow productivity and customer profitability through its enterprise platform of applications and services. Software as a Service (SaaS) Offerings The Company currently markets secure Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) compliant cloud-based software as a service (SaaS) offering under the names of iCoreRx, iCorePDMP, iCoreEPCS, iCoreVerify, iCoreVerify+, iCoreHuddle, iCoreHuddle+, iCoreCodeGenius, iCoreExchange, iCoreCloud, iCorePay, iCoreSecure, and iCoreIT. The Company s software is sold under annual recurring revenue subscriptions. iCoreRx iCoreRx is a HIPAA compliant electronic prescription SaaS solution that integrates with popular practice management and electronic health record systems. It saves time by selecting exact medications at available doses with built-in support from a drug directory and provides full support for Electronic Prescriptions for Controlled Substances iCoreEPCS ). It protects both the patient and provider by viewing the patient s complete medication history. It also speeds up the process by allowing the doctor to create a favorites list for commonly used medication sets. iCorePDMP is an add-on for iCoreRx that seamlessly integrates with state databases to automate prescription drug monitoring. Providers in many states are required to check the patient s Prescription Drug Monitoring Program (PDMP) history before prescribing controlled substances. This service provides one-click real-time access to the state databases without the need to manually enter data. This tool also generates patient risk scores and an interactive visualization of usage patterns to help the prescriber identify potential risk factors. The prescriber can then use this report to make decisions on objective insight into potential drug misuse or abuse which will ultimately lead to improved patient safety and better patient outcomes. iCoreVerify and iCoreVerify + - iCoreVerify is a HIPAA compliant SaaS solution that automatically retrieves a patients insurance eligibility breakdown to verify their benefits seven (7) days in advance of their appointment and on-demand using iCoreConnect s real time technology. Automation runs daily to verify insurance every patient on the schedule a full week in advance of their appointment date. The system returns results typically in less than one second for most responses. This substantially reduces the phone calls and labor hours for the practice. This tool is integrated with most popular practice management systems. iCoreVerify+ adds a unique add-on service that augments iCoreConnect s automation with a concierge service that turns around requests traditionally in less than 24 hours. It includes all carriers including non-digital ones and is customized to the client s specialty. iCoreHuddle and iCoreHuddle + iCoreHuddle is a powerful HIPAA compliant SaaS solution to instantly reveal the revenue potential of each patient. This product is currently limited to dental practices. The service connects to most popular practice management and electronic health record systems to optimize revenue realization. It provides the practice with a dashboard containing various metrics, analytics, and key performance indicators KPIs ). iCoreHuddle provides a daily view of patient schedules, including their outstanding balances, unscheduled treatment plans, recall information, procedure information and the amount of remaining insurance benefits. The software also provides one-click access to each patient s insurance eligibility, including a detailed benefits and deductibles report. This tool aims to increase the workflow efficiency of the dentist s practice by reducing the number of required lookups and clicks for each patient. iCoreHuddle+ offers enhanced analytical tools for practices to optimize their revenue generation process and workflows. 37 Table of Contents iCoreCodeGenius iCoreCodeGenius is a medical coding reference SaaS solution that provides the coding standards for the 10th revision of the International Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD-10), a medical classification list published by the World Health Organization (WHO). It contains codes for diseases, signs and symptoms, abnormal findings, complaints, social circumstances, and external causes of injury and diseases. iCoreExchange iCoreExchange provides a secure, HIPAA compliant SaaS email solution using the direct protocol that allows doctors to send and receive secure email with attachments to and from other healthcare professionals in the network. iCoreExchange also provides a secure email mechanism to communicate with users outside the exchange e.g., patients and referrals. Users have the ability to build a community, access other communities and increase referrals and collaboration. Users can email standard office documents, JPEG, PDF as well as patient files with discrete data, which can then be imported and accessed on most Electronic Health Record (EHR) and Practice Management (PM) systems in a HIPAA compliant manner. iCoreCloud - iCoreCloud offers customers the ability to back up their on-premises servers and computers to the cloud. iCoreCloud is a fully HIPAA compliant and automated backup solution. The data backed up is encrypted both in transit and while at rest. In case of full data loss, the mirrored data in the cloud can be seamlessly restored back to the practice on a new computer or a server. The data is stored encrypted in HIPAA compliant data centers with multiple layers of redundancy. The data centers are physically secure with restricted personnel and biometric access. The locations are also guarded by security 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. iCorePay iCorePay is a cloud-based financial technology (FinTech) solution designed to streamline the billing and payment processes for healthcare providers, offering a modern and efficient way to manage patient payments. The platform integrates with existing healthcare management systems, allowing for easy creation and sending of HIPAA-compliant billing statements, as well as accepting various digital payment methods like Apple Pay, Google Pay, and PayPal. This system aims to improve the patient experience by making payments easier and more convenient, while also boosting revenue collection for healthcare providers. Additionally, iCorePay helps reduce costs and administrative burdens by automating much of the billing process. iCoreSecure We used our expertise and development capabilities from our HIPAA compliant iCoreExchange and developed iCoreSecure, an encrypted email solution for anyone that needs encrypted email to protect personal and financial data. iCoreSecure is a secure SaaS solution that solves privacy concerns in the insurance, real estate, financial and many other industry sectors that have a need for secure encrypted email. iCoreIT - The trend in IT Services companies for over a decade has been to move away from a Break/Fix model to a Managed Service Provider (MSP) and Managed Software as a Service (MSaaS) model with recurring revenue. Managed IT Services (MSP and MSaaS) The MSP/MSaaS approach, by using preventative measures, keeps computers and networks up and running while data is accessible and safeguarded. Installation of critical patches and updates to virus protection are automated. Systems are monitored and backed up in real-time. They are fixed or upgraded before they cause a service disruption. A Unified Threat Management solution is deployed to protect against virus, malware, SPAM, phishing and ransomware attacks. Remote technical support is a click away. All support is delivered at a predictable monthly cost. By leveraging managed services with our expertise in cloud computing, our customers can scale their business without extensive capital investment or disruption in services. We derive most of our revenue from subscriptions to our cloud-based SaaS and MSaaS offerings. Subscription revenue related to SaaS and MSaaS offerings account for 94 and 91 of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We sell multiple offerings at different base prices on a subscription basis to meet the needs of the customers we serve. Professional services and other revenue account for 6 and 9 of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Professional services and other revenue include hardware, software, labor, and other revenues related to customer onboarding for SaaS/MSaaS services or one-time, non-recurring services. 38 Table of Contents Financing We are currently funding our business capital requirements through sales of our common stock and debt arrangements. While we intend to seek additional funding, if revenue increases to a point where we are able to sustain ourselves and increase our budget to match our growth needs, we may significantly reduce the amount of investment capital we seek. The amount of funds raised, and revenue generated, if any, will determine how aggressively we can grow and what additional projects we will be able to undertake. No assurance can be given that we will be able to raise additional capital when needed or at all, or that such capital, if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to, or do not raise additional capital in the near future or if our revenue does not begin to grow as we expect, we will have to curtail our spending and downsize our operations. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon the financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as recognized in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires that we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the most critical accounting policies relate to revenue recognition, software development capitalization and amortization, income taxes, stock-based compensation, and long-lived assets and goodwill. See Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 39 Table of Contents Executive Summary Financial Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 51 to 8,599,262 in comparison with 5,701,372 reported during the same period in 2023. Revenue growth is attributable to an increase in organic sales along with sales in new offerings from the asset acquisitions which contributed to overall revenue growth for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company continues to see organic growth in its SaaS based products. The Company views its operations and manages its business as one operating segment which is the business of providing subscription-based software as a service (SaaS), Managed IT (MSaaS) and related non-recurring professional IT and other services. The Company aggregates its operating segments based on similar economic and operating characteristics of its operations. Gross profit percentage was 77 and 74 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gross Profit increased by 2,444,543 compared to the same period a year ago. Gross profit margin expansion was driven by a greater growth rate of sales in subscription software and services that carry higher gross margins than Professional Services and other revenue. We expect the growth rate of our SaaS and MSaaS subscription offerings to grow faster than our Professional Services and other revenue over time. We believe the higher growth rate of recurring revenue SaaS and MSaaS offerings should continue to provide a mix shift that will benefit gross margin rate going forward. Financial Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Our total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 39 to 2,787,999 in comparison with 2,004,853 reported during the same period in 2023. Revenue growth is attributable to an increase in organic sales along with sales in new offerings from the asset acquisitions which contributed to overall revenue growth for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company continues to see organic growth in its SaaS based products. The Company views its operations and manages its business as one operating segment which is the business of providing subscription-based software as a service (SaaS), Managed IT (MSaaS) and related non-recurring professional IT and other services. The Company aggregates its operating segments based on similar economic and operating characteristics of its operations. Gross profit percentage was 70 and 74 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gross Profit increased by 474,031 compared to the same period a year ago. Gross profit margin decrease was driven by higher costs related to delivery of one time revenues. We expect the growth rate of our SaaS and MSaaS subscription offerings to grow faster than our Professional Services and other revenue over time. We believe the higher growth rate of recurring revenue SaaS and MSaaS offerings should continue to provide a mix shift that will benefit gross margin rate going forward. Business Highlights and Trends Product Traction. We continue to benefit from trends toward cloud-based SaaS offerings for improved workflow, productivity, and efficiency gains. As we have expanded our product offerings, we are seeing greater traction for all our software products across the entire platform. Business Development. The Company has pursued and won contracts with larger enterprise health care businesses and continues to do so. We currently have agreements with large State Associations, Dental Support Organizations (DSOs), Hospitals, and large insurance companies Capital raise . In the first nine months of 2024, the company did not raise any funds from the sale of Common Stock and 4,139,082 in gross proceeds in the form of secured notes and convertible notes to fund operations and growth. 40 Table of Contents Results of Operations Nine and Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine and Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2023 Overview. The following table sets forth our selected financial data for the periods indicated below and the percentage dollar increase (decrease) of such items from period to period: Nine Month Period Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Month Period Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Incr/(Decr) Revenue 8,599,262 5,701,372 51 Cost of sales 1,946,704 1,493,357 30 Gross profit 6,652,558 4,208,015 Expenses Selling, general and administrative 17,061,929 9,189,829 86 Depreciation and amortization 2,320,952 900,936 158 Total operating expenses 19,382,881 10,090,765 Loss from operations (12,730,323 (5,882,750 Other income (expense) Interest expense (951,173 (1,007,120 (6) Finance charges (2,378,784 (792,930 200 Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement (5,109,277 (419,407 1,118 Other income (expense) (439,622 13,778 100 Total other expense, net (8,878,856 (2,205,679 303 Net loss (21,609,179 (8,088,429 167 Preferred dividend (1,565,531 (218,516 616 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (23,174,710 (8,306,945 179 Revenues. Net revenues increased to 8,599,262 from 5,701,372 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in revenue was driven by sales in the Company s core SaaS offerings coupled with the addition of sales related to its asset acquisitions which are predominantly recurring services. Cost of sales. Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,946,704 an increase from 1,493,357. The moderate increase in cost of sales is consistent with the increase in growth in recurring revenue over non-recurring revenues which have a higher margin associated with delivery. The Company has been able to continue leverage its capacity in its data centers and other systems to bring on customers while being able to keep costs related to support and service in check. Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 17,061,929 and 9,189,829, respectively. The increase is largely attributed to a one-time 4,779,580 cost associated with stock based compensation for members of the management team that were awarded special compensation for completing the business combination. The Company did not have enough instruments available under its 2023 Stock Plan and required the plan increase to be approved by its Shareholders. Shareholder approval was obtained in May 2024 and the Company expensed the value of this award in full during the period. The increase between periods is also due to an increase in payroll expenses related to the cost to service its asset acquisitions and other general and administrative expenses to support the rate of growth. 41 Table of Contents Depreciation and amortization expenses . Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 2,320,952 and 900,936, respectively. The increase in depreciation and amortization reflects an increase primarily in amortization costs associated with the additional customer list and acquired technologies obtained as part of the asset s acquisitions in comparison to the comparative period. Interest Expense. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 951,173 and 1,007,120, respectively. The decrease between periods was primarily due to the Company having a large portion of debt being converted into common stock prior to the merger. Financing fee. Financing fee expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 2,378,784 and 792,930 respectively. The increase between periods was primarily due to the Company expensing deferred financing fees of approximately 1,008,000 associated with its cancelled equity line of credit. In addition, the Company issued higher levels of convertible debt than in the comparative period resulting in additional financing costs being reported. The balance also reflects the final portion of a make whole agreement that the Company entered into in August of 2023, whereby the Company guaranteed the difference between the value of debt converted into shares at 10.00 per share and their ultimate sales price. Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement . Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was a net 5,109,277 and 419,407, respectively. The net expense relates to the derived fair value change of the shares underlying the forward purchase agreement market from the balance sheet date to estimated maturity date. Other income (expense) . Other expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 439,662) and 12,000, respectively. Preferred dividend . Preferred dividend for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 1,565,531 and 218,516, respectively. The preferred dividend relates to dividends accrued for the Company s issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. 42 Table of Contents Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2023 Three Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Incr/(Decr) Revenue 2,787,999 2,004,853 39 Cost of sales 826,990 517,875 60 Gross profit 1,961,009 1,486,978 Expenses Selling, general and administrative 3,354,831 3,589,655 (7) Depreciation and amortization 806,509 320,427 152 Total operating expenses 4,161,340 3,910,082 Loss from operations (2,200,331 (2,423,104 Other income (expense) 12,000 - 100 Interest expense (223,060 (478,437 (53 Finance charges (632,800 (370,852 71 Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement (2,946,604 (419,407 603 Total other expense, net (3,790,464 (1,268,696 199 Net loss (5,990,795 (3,691,800 62 Preferred dividend (669,532 (218,516 206 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (6,660,327 (3,910,316 70 Revenues . Net revenues increased to 2,787,999 from 2,004,853 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in revenue was driven by sales in the Company s core SaaS offerings coupled with the addition of sales related to its asset acquisitions which are predominantly recurring services. Cost of sales. Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 grew to 826,990 from 517,875. The moderate increase in cost of sales is consistent with the increase in growth in recurring revenue over non-recurring revenues which have a higher margin associated with delivery. The Company has been able to continue leverage its capacity in its data centers and other systems to bring on customers while being able to keep costs related to support and service in check. Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 3,354,831 and 3,589,655, respectively. The decrease is largely attributed to lower professional fees as the Company had incurred higher one-time costs in 2023 in relation to its merger. Depreciation and amortization expenses . Depreciation and amortization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 806,509 and 320,427, respectively. The increase in depreciation and amortization reflects an increase primarily in amortization costs associated with the additional customer list and acquired technologies as part of the assets acquisitions in comparison to the comparative period. Interest Expense. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 223,060 and 478,437, respectively. The decrease between periods was primarily due to the Company having a large portion of debt being converted into common stock prior to the merger. Financing fee. Financing fee expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 632,800 and 370,852 respectively. The increase between periods was primarily due to the Company issuing higher levels of convertible debt than in the comparative period resulting in additional financing costs being reported. Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement . Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 5,109,277 and 419,407, respectively. The net expense relates to the derived fair value change of the shares underlying the forward purchase agreement market from the balance sheet date to estimated maturity date. Preferred dividend . Preferred dividend for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 1,565,531 and 218,516, respectively. The preferred dividend relates to dividends accrued for the Company s issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. 43 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY, GOING CONCERN AND CAPITAL The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 the Company generated an operating loss of 12,730,323. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit and net working capital deficit of 138,213,468, and 11,670,852, respectively. The Company s activities were primarily financed through private placements of equity securities and issuance of debt. The Company is seeking to raise additional capital through the issuance of debt and/or equity securities to fund its operations, although it has no commitments for such capital and there is no assurance that it will be successful in raising any additional capital. The Company is reliant on future fundraising to finance operations in the near future. If the Company fails to raise additional capital in the near future, it will be required to curtail or cease its operations. In light of these matters, there is substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements. Management has introduced new lines of services with higher margins while it continues to develop strategic partnerships and has ramped up selling into the existing customer base as well as penetrate larger organizations with multiple customers while continuing to scope out additional areas of opportunity. While management believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. Management s ability to continue as a going concern is ultimately dependent upon its ability to continually increase the Company s customer base and realize increased revenues from signed contracts. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The primary factors that influence our liquidity include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of our equity and debt raises, revenues, cash collections from our clients, capital expenditures, and investments in research and development. The following table summarizes the impact of operating, investing and financing activities on our cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to our operations: Nine Month Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (1,258,941 (1,761,951 Net cash used in investing activities (1,901,003 (9,989,644 Net cash provided by financing activities 2,152,932 12,012,831 Net change in cash (1,007,012 261,236 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 1,219,358 196,153 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 212,346 457,389 Operating Activities: Net cash used by operating activities of 1,258,941 for nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 503,010 less than the 1,761,630 cash used by operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash utilized by operating activities was primarily attributable to a larger non-cash charge add backs over the comparative periods along with increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and lower prepaid expenses. Future spending on operating activities is expected to be funded by the sale of and issuance of additional shares of common stock. Investing Activities: Net cash used by investing activities was 1,901,003 and 9,989,644 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The overall decrease was mainly attributable to the merger related costs in 2023. Future spending on investing activities is expected to be funded by the sale of and issuance of additional shares of common stock. Financing Activities: Net cash provided by financing activities of 2,152,932 and 12,012,831 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The cash decrease was a result of reduced net issuance of debt less payments for 2024 while in 2023 the increase was attributed to net issuance of debt less payments along with sale of common stock and merger related items. 44 Table of Contents Credit Facilities On September 12, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, Ltd. on behalf of and for the account of Segregated Portfolio #8 SPC #8 Arena ), pursuant to which Arena committed to purchase up to 40 million (the Commitment Amount of our common stock, at our direction from time to time, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in the Purchase Agreement. As consideration for Arena s irrevocable commitment to purchase Common Stock upon the terms of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, we agreed to issue a total of 291,259 shares of Common Stock equaling 600,000 (the Commitment Fee Shares based on a price per share equal to the simple average daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten trading days immediately preceding the date on which the SEC declares the Registration Statement effective. This line was cancelled in February 2024 and the Company expensed deferred costs of 1,008,376 related to this transaction which are reported as financing costs. On August 16, 2024, the Company executed a Registration Rights Agreement with Clearthink (the Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to file a registration statement within 30 days registering the shares of Company common stock issuable pursuant to the Strata Agreement. Clearthink has no right to require the Company to sell any shares of common stock to Clearthink, but Clearthink is obligated to make purchases at the Company s direction subject to certain conditions. There is no upper limit on the price per share that Clearthink could be obligated to pay for the common stock under the Strata Agreement. Actual sales of shares of common stock to Clearthink from time to time will depend on a variety of factors, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for its operations. The net proceeds that the Company may receive under the Strata Agreement cannot be determined at this time, since it will depend on the frequency and prices at which the Company sell shares of its common stock to Clearthink, the Company s ability to meet the conditions of the Strata Agreement and the other limitations, terms and conditions of the Strata Agreement. The Company expects that any proceeds received by the Company from such sales to Clearthink will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. Under the applicable rules of Nasdaq and the Strata Agreement, the Company will not sell or issue to Clearthink shares of its common stock, other than the Commitment Fee Shares (defined below), in excess of 19.99 of the Company s shares of common stock outstanding as of the date of the Strata Agreement (the Exchange Cap ), unless the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue shares of common stock in excess of the Exchange Cap. The Strata Agreement also prohibits the Company from directing Clearthink to purchase any shares of common stock if those shares, when aggregated with all other shares of the Company s common stock then beneficially owned by Clearthink and its affiliates as a result of purchases under the Strata Agreement, would result in Clearthink and its affiliates having beneficial ownership of more than the 9.99 of the Company s then outstanding common stock. The Company may direct Clearthink to purchase amounts of its common stock under the Strata Agreement that it specifies from time to time in a written notice (a Request Notice delivered to Clearthink on any trading day up to the Commitment Amount. The maximum amount that the Company may specify in any one Request Notice is equal to the lesser of 1,000,000 or 500 of the average number of shares traded for the 10 trading days prior to the date of the Request Notice. The purchase price of the shares of common stock will be equal shall equal 80 of the average of the two lowest daily volume-weighted average prices if the Company s common stock is traded under 0.25 per share and 85 of the average of the two lowest daily volume-weighted average prices if the Company s common stock is traded between 0.26 to 0.50 and 88 of the average of the two lowest daily volume-weighted average prices if the Company s common stock is traded between 0.51 - 0.99 and 90 of the average of the two lowest daily volume-weighted average prices if the Company s common stock is traded over 1.00 during the five trading days preceding the purchase date. 45 Table of Contents Unless earlier terminated as provided in the Strata Agreement, the Strata Agreement will terminate automatically on the earliest to occur of: (i) the 24-month anniversary of the date of the Registration Statement becoming effective; and (ii) the date on which Clearthink shall have purchased shares of common stock under the Strata Agreement for an aggregate gross purchase price equal to Commitment Amount under the Strata Agreement. The Company has the right to terminate the Strata Agreement at any time, at no cost or penalty, upon one trading days prior written notice to Clearthink. As consideration for Clearthink s irrevocable commitment to purchase common stock upon the terms of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Strata Agreement, upon execution of the Strata Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a total of 300,000 shares of common stock with a value of 156,030 (the Commitment Fee Shares to Clearthink. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS Not applicable. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer who is our principal executive officer and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial and accounting officer, have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments and material weakness related to our inability to adequately segregate responsibilities over the financial reporting process to ensure the accuracy of information. In addition, management has further identified deficiencies within its corporate governance practices, as the Company did not have the necessary controls in place to understand the impact on equity holders and monitor the issuance of instruments with down round features. To address this material weakness, management has devoted, and plans to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of its internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate its research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to its financial statements. We plan to include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among its personnel and third-party professionals with whom it consults regarding complex accounting applications and we also plan to hire additional personnel to help provide adequate segregation of duties in the financial reporting process. Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have not identified any change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 46 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company from time to time, may be a party to various litigation, claims and disputes, arising in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate impact of such actions cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the outcome of these matters, except for that noted below, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. On February 21, 2023, the Company received a notice under section 21 of Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 related to a dispute pursuant to contract between the Company and a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider has asserted the Company has violated the terms of the contract and has claimed damages of approximately 635,000. The Company is evaluating the claims asserted against it and intends to defend itself vigorously in these proceedings; however, there can be no assurances that it will be successful in its efforts. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed under the heading Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. If we are unable to maintain compliance with the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and could make it more difficult for you to sell your shares. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, and we are therefore subject to its continued listing requirements, including requirements with respect to the market value of publicly-held shares, market value of listed shares, minimum bid price per share, and minimum stockholder's equity, among others, and requirements relating to board and committee independence. If we fail to satisfy one or more of the requirements, we may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. On July 8, 2024, we received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying us that for the last 32 consecutive business days the closing bid price for our common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) (the Compliance Period Rule ), we have been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until January 6, 2025, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. If, at any time before the January 6, 2025, the closing bid price for our common stock closes at 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days as required under the Compliance Period Rule, the Staff will provide written notification to us that we comply with the Bid Price Rule, unless the Staff exercises its discretion to extend this 10 day period pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H). If we are not in compliance with the Bid Price Rule by January 6, 2025, we may be afforded a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance. To qualify, we would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, except for the minimum bid price requirement. In addition, we would be required to notify Nasdaq of our intent to cure the minimum bid price deficiency, which may include, if necessary, implementing a reverse stock split. On August 20, 2024, we received an additional deficiency letter from the Staff, which notified us that we did not presently comply with Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Equity Rule ), which requires that we maintain a minimum of 2.5 million in stockholders equity, and that we also did not meet the alternatives of market value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations set forth in the Equity Rule. We 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance, which we submitted. If our plan is accepted, the Staff can grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from August 20, 2024 (or on or about February 14, 2025) to evidence compliance. After review of the plan of compliance, the Staff will provide written notification to us whether it accepts the plan, and if the Staff does not accept the plan, we would then be entitled to appeal the Staff s determination to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that, if we appeal the determination to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, that such appeal would be successful. If we do not regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule by January 6, 2025 and are not eligible for an additional compliance period at that time or if we do not regain compliance with the Equity Rule by February 14, 2025, the Staff will provide written notification to us that our common stock may be delisted. We would then be entitled to appeal the Staff s determination to a NASDAQ Listing Qualifications Panel and request a hearing. There can be no assurance that, if we do appeal the delisting determination by the Staff to the NASDAQ Listing Qualifications Panel, that such appeal would be successful. Delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market would adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, may significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and may negatively affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. Delisting also could have other negative results, including the potential loss of employee confidence, the loss of institutional investors or interest in business development opportunities. 47 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Information with respect to sales of unregistered shares of the Common Stock of the Company during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, is set forth in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) contained in Part I Financial Information. All such sales were to accredited investors and were made in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The proceeds were used by the Company for working capital purposes. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the period covered by this Quarterly Report, none of the Company s directors or executive officers has adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 48 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2024, between the Company, Seller and Purchaser (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 1, 2024) 4.1 Form of Promissory Note issued July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed August 1, 2024) 4.2 Form of Warrant issued July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 of the Form 8-K filed August 1, 2024) 4.3 Form of Exchange Notes issued August 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 4.4 Form of 2027 Notes issued August 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 4.5 Form of 2025 Notes issued August 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed August 1, 2024) 10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed August 1, 2024) 10.3 Form of Waiver Agreement dated July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed August 1, 2024) 10.4 Strata Purchase Agreement dated August 16, 2024 between iCoreConnect, Inc. and Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement dated August 16, 2024 between iCoreConnect, Inc. and Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 10.6 Form of Exchange Agreements dated August 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 10.7 Form of 2027 Note Purchase Agreements dated August 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 10.8 Form of 2025 Note Purchase Agreements dated August 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed August 21, 2024) 10.9 Amendment Agreement dated August 26, 2024 between iCoreConnect, Inc., iCore Midco, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed August 27, 2024) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 + Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 + Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). _____________ Filed herewith. + The certifications on Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 49 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. iCoreConnect, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Robert McDermott Robert McDermott Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Archit Shah Archit Shah Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 icct_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 icct_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert P. McDermott, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of iCoreConnect Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Robert P. McDermott Robert P. McDermott President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 icct_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 icct_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Archit Shah, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of iCoreConnect Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Archit Shah Archit Shah Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 icct_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 icct_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the quarterly report of iCoreConnect Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert McDermott, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Robert McDermott Robert McDermott President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 icct_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 icct_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the quarterly report of iCoreConnect Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Archit Shah, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Archit Shah Archit Shah Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 icct-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 icct-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 icct-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 icct-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

