<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241120_10-Q_edgar_data_1623590_0001753926-24-001965.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2883393</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60957</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>586794</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>802767</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>585780</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>769815</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-24-001965.hdr.sgml : 20241120
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119183417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-24-001965
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241120
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fintech Scion Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001623590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				300803939
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55685
		FILM NUMBER:		241477721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PORTMAN HOUSE, 2 PORTMAN STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1H 6DU
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60321432889

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PORTMAN HOUSE, 2 PORTMAN STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1H 6DU

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HWGC Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220308

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vitaxel Group Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALBERO, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-24-001965.txt : 20241120

10-Q
 1
 g084567_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to
_______ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 , , 

N/A 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes 

As of November 18 , 2024, there were shares of the issuer s common stock issued and outstanding. 

1 

FINTECH SCION LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FORM 10-Q 

 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED June
30, 2024 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities And Use of Proceeds 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 21 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 21 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 22 

SIGNATURES 
 23 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND INDUSTRY DATA 

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as may, 
 should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms
or other comparable terminology. Our forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and
projections about our company, are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty.
We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Actual results
or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Our
business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks
and uncertainties inherent in our statements regarding: 

our projected financial position and estimated cash burn rate; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; 

2 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our operation; 

our dependence on third parties in the conduct of our operations; 

our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to market and commercialize our products; 

the impact of a health epidemic, on our business, our operations or the global economy as a whole; 

the results of market research conducted by us or others; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our current and future products; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and the potential for us to incur substantial costs from lawsuits to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights; 

the possibility that a third party may claim we or our third-party licensors have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights and that we may incur substantial costs and be required to devote substantial time defending against claims against us; 

our reliance on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

the success of competing payment platforms and products that are or become available; 

our ability to expand our organization to accommodate potential growth and our ability to retain and attract key personnel; 

the potential for us to incur substantial costs resulting from product liability lawsuits against us and the potential for these product liability lawsuits to cause us to limit our commercialization of our products; and 

the successful development of our commercialization capabilities, including sales and marketing capabilities. 

All of our forward-looking
statements are as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q only. In each case, actual results may differ materially from
such forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be
correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred
to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or included in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents
or filings filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC could materially and
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake
or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates
or projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized.
Any public statements or disclosures by us following this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that modify or impact any of the forward-looking
statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may
include market data and certain industry data and forecasts, which we may obtain from internal company surveys, market research,
consultant surveys, publicly available information, reports of governmental agencies and industry publications, articles and surveys.
Industry surveys, publications, consultant surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been
obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. While we
believe that such studies and publications are reliable, we have not independently verified market and industry data from third-party
sources. 

3 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

PAGE 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

4 

FINTECH SCION LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(In U.S. dollars) 

As of 
 As of 

June 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 (Unaudited) 
 2023 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Amount due from related parties 

Inventories 

Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current assets 

Intangible asset 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net 

Total Non-Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Amounts due to related parties 

Accounts payable 

Accruals and other payables 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock par value : shares authorized; and outstanding 

Common stock par value : and : shares authorized, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated surplus 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent 

Non-controlling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

FINTECH SCION LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
(Unaudited) 
(In U.S. dollars) 

For the Three Months Ended June 30, 
 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE), NET 

Other income 

Other expense 

Total Other income / (Expense), net 

NET LOSS BEFORE TAX 

Income tax 

NET LOSS 

Loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

NET LOSS FOR THE PERIOD 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / (LOSS) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / (LOSS) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net Income (Loss) per share - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

FINTECH SCION LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(Unaudited) 
(In U.S. dollars) 

For the Period Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Items not involving cash: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and right-of-use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivables 

Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets 

Inventories 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued expense and other payables 

Net (used in) / cash generated by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment and rights-of-use assets 

Net (used in) / cash generated by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 

(Repayments) / Proceeds from related parties 

Net cash generated by / (used in) financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest expenses 

Cash paid for income tax 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

FINTECH
SCION LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Unaudited) 
(In U.S. dollars) 

2 
 
 HWG Cash Singapore
 Pte Ltd HCS 

3 
 
 HWGC KZ Limited
 HKZ 

4 
 
 Fintech Scion
 Limited Fintech 

5 
 
 Fintech Digital
 Solutions Limited FDS 

6 
 
 Fintech Digital
 Consulting Limited FDC 

The
Company offers digital banking services by providing the tools, skills, and solutions to facilitate payment services to merchants,
offering a variety of secured, online and fully managed transactions and settlements. 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies. Unless otherwise discussed,
the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on
its consolidated financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

mainly derived from whitelabelling services. As of December 31, 2023,
accounts receivable balances of mainly derived from whitelabelling services and commissions receivables. 

The
company considers accounts receivable to be fully collectible, therefore no impairment is necessary as at June 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023. 

Deposits (2) 

Prepayments (3) 

Common stock not paid (4) 

Total 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

9 

Total 

Accumulated impairment 

) 

Impairment (2) 

) 

Goodwill, net 

(1) 

(2) 

During
 the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of in our FintechAsia
 reporting unit, primarily due to the surrendering of our credit token license, significant impacts on money broking transactional
 volume following the cryptocurrency market crash in 2022, and the fair value of share price which is much higher than
 the fair value of the assets acquired. Both significantly impacted forecasted cash flows used in our analysis. Moreover,
 operating expenses did not decline proportionally to revenue. In addition, inflationary pressures also caused our forecasted
 expenses to increase. Furthermore, our discounted cash flows utilized a higher risk-adjusted discount rate for the 2023
 impairment test, primarily due to central banks raising interest rates in 2023 and increased country-specific risk due
 to macroeconomic factors. 
 
 The
 Company estimated the fair value of the FintechAsia reporting unit based on income approach. Fair value under the income
 approach was determined by discounting to present value the estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit. 
 
 In
 estimating the future cash flows of the FintechAsia reporting unit, the Company utilized a combination of market and company-specific
 inputs that a market participant would use in assessing the fair value of the reporting units. The primary market input
 was revenue growth rates. These rates were based upon historical trends and estimated future growth drivers such as the
 money brokering, payment solutions, and white labelling growth rate. Significant company-specific inputs included assumptions
 regarding how the reporting unit could leverage operating expenses as revenue grows. 
 
 Under
 the guideline public company methodology, the Company took into consideration specific risk differences between our reporting
 unit and the comparable companies, such as recent financial performance, size risks and product portfolios, among other
 considerations. 
 
 The
Company used significant unobservable inputs within the income approach valuation method. These include the discount rate of ,
being the calculated weighted average cost of capital for our company, and the long-term growth rate of was based on the
annual percentage change of real GDP growth. Significant increases (decreases) in growth rates, control premiums and multiples,
assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. Significant decreases
(increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in growth rates, control premiums and multiples, would result in a significantly
higher (lower) fair value measurement. 

The
 Company will continue to monitor the fair value of our reporting units in our interim and annual reporting periods. While
 the policy of the Company on conducting impairment on annual basis stand, it is the directors responsibility to
 ensure that the reports (including annual and quarterly reports) are accurate. Hence, for good corporate governance practice
 purposes, the directors have also reviewed the fair value of goodwill in both quantitative and qualitative information
 during this quarterly period. If our estimated cash flows decrease, the Company may have to record further impairment
 charges in the future. Factors that could result in our cash flows being lower than our current estimates include: 1)
 decreased revenues caused by unforeseen changes the market, 2) our inability to achieve the estimated operating margins
 in our forecasts from our restructuring programs, cost saving initiatives, and other unforeseen factors, and 3) the weakening
 of foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar. Additionally, changes in the broader economic environment could cause changes
 to our estimated discount rates and comparable company valuation indicators, which may impact our estimated fair values.
 Due to the significant carrying amount of goodwill recognized, any further impairment may cause a significant adverse
 financial impact on the Company that could raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 For
 the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, the management has determined that a quarterly goodwill impairment assessment
 is not necessary for the following reasons, despite the annualized financial performance of the FintechAsia reporting
 unit for the full year 2024 being lower than our current estimates: 
 
 1. New
Clients Onboarding: FintechAsia has onboarded new clients with the potential for significant transaction volumes. The level of
contribution from these new clients remains undetermined, as it will depend on the volume of transactions. Based on discussions
with clients, the Company believes there is still a possibility of reaching breakeven for FintechAsia by the end of 2024. 
 2. Cost
 Saving Initiatives: The costs associated with Fintech are expected to decrease significantly in 2024. These cost savings
 are expected to be reflected in the Company s financial performance starting from the quarterly period ending September
 30, 2024. The full impact of these cost-saving initiatives will be more accurately reflected in the Company s results
 when the books are closed at year-end. 
 
 Given
 these factors, the management believes that conducting a quarterly goodwill impairment test would not provide an accurate
 reflection of the Company s financial position and would not align with the adopted policy. The year-end goodwill impairment
 review for the annual financial statements is based on a complete 12-month period of results, allowing for a more robust
 assessment of the contracts entered into by the Company. This approach is consistent with the policy adopted for the Company s
 goodwill assessment and the impairment provisions for the Form 10-K for the financial year ended December 31, 2023. Management
 will conduct a more detailed analysis to determine whether further impairment is required when preparing the Form 10-K
 for the financial year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 For
 the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, our total assets stood at , while our total stockholders equity
 was . For discussion purposes, assuming a full goodwill impairment of , our total assets would be
 reduced to , and total stockholders equity would decrease to . Even after this assumed impairment,
 our total assets would still exceed total liabilities of by 368,320 , and our total stockholders equity would
 remain positive. Management believes that the going concern basis for the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate,
 even with a full goodwill impairment (which is highly unlikely, as FintechAsia will continue to drive value, and therefore
 goodwill will not require a full impairment). The scenario of full impairment presented above is a conservative assumption
 to demonstrate that, even in this unlikely case, the Group would still maintain positive total assets and stockholders 
 equity. 
 
 For
 the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024, the Company reported amounts due to related parties totalling . These
 loans were obtained to provide the Company with the necessary funds to meet its short-term financial obligations. To enhance
 investor confidence, the Company intends to negotiate with the related parties to secure their continued support by extending
 the due date of these loans for a period of no less than 12 months, with the assurance that no repayment will be sought
 until the Company s liabilities are stabilized. 

11 

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fittings 

Software and website 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

) 

) 

Balance at end of period/year 

Depreciation
expenses charged to the statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the six months periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023
were (three months: and (three months: respectively. 

Others (2) 

Balance at end of period/year 

(1) 

(2) 

Foreign Exchange (FX) Conversion 

Whitelabelling 

Referral fees (1) 

Total Revenue 

(1) 

12 

Shalom Dodoun (2) 

Natalie Kastberg (3) 

CICO Digital Solutions Limited (4) 

Total Amount due to related parties 

The
related party balances are unsecured, 

(1) 

Mr
Lim Chun Hoo, the previous CFO and the current CEO and director of the Company, is a previous director of HWGGSB. 

The
amount due to HWGGSB as at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were advances made by HWGGSB to the Company. 

(2) 
 per annum above Barclays Bank Rate. 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 
 Total
payment made in the form of compensation, which includes salary, bonus, stock awards and all other compensation have been made
to the following officer of the Company that are individually in excess of annually: 

Richard Berman Non-executive Director
 of the Company (6) 

(6) 

of the Company s market capitalization. The number of shares to be issued
shall be calculated based on the market share price (as stated on Nasdaq) on the first closing date of the Company listed on Nasdaq . 

(2) 
 Following the financial
 year end, the shares that were issued to CICO for the acquisition of assets as disclosed in our Annual Report
 on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, were cancelled and removed from the Company s issued and outstanding
 shares of common stock on January 30, 2024. The total issued and outstanding shares of the Company will be reduced to 
 shares on January 30, 2024. 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or
contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled
 Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as may be
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC. All amounts in this report are in
U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

Throughout
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references to we, our, us, the Company, 
 Fintech, or Fintech Scion refer to Fintech Scion Limited, individually, or as the context requires,
collectively with its subsidiaries. 

Overview 

Fintech
Scion Limited Fintech Scion , the Company , we , our , or us is a fintech enterprise poised to revolutionize the financial landscape through our digital Banking-as-a-Service (BaaS) platform.
Our mission is to empower merchants by furnishing them with an integrated suite of tools, skills, and solutions that streamline
payment services, unlocking a realm of secure, online, and fully managed transactions and settlements. We currently operate through
our wholly-owned subsidiaries based in Malaysia and the United Kingdom. 

At
the core of our enterprise lies a sophisticated financial ecosystem, underpinned by a robust technological infrastructure. This
infrastructure has been developed with the mission of empowering financial institutions to offer seamless, consolidated experiences
across diverse verticals encompassing business-to-business, business-to-consumer, and consumer-to-business domains. 

14 

In
an era where merchants are leveraging an array of software solutions and digital tools to bolster their competitive edge, our
role has emerged as a pivotal enabler. The intricate challenge of managing disparate software systems sourced from various providers
has become an impediment for merchants of all sizes to seamlessly embrace payments. 

Our
current clientele encompasses an array of enterprises and organizations, spanning varied sectors, including, but not limited to
the management consultancy services, development of software and programming activities, e-commerce, tours and entertainment operations,
information technology and investment banking all with a common objective: to minimize the intricacies and costs associated with
fund transfers. We extend our services to online businesses, providing comprehensive solutions encompassing payment collection,
cross-border transactions, FX services, and corporate bank accounts. 

Our
cutting-edge payments platform boasts a comprehensive suite of integrated payment products and services tailored to various channels be
it in-store, online, or through mobile and tablet interfaces. This suite encompasses end-to-end payment processing for an array
of payment types, merchant acquiring and issuing, diverse methods of mobile and contactless payments, and QR code-based solutions.
Complementary software integrations, virtual international bank account numbers (IBAN), integrated mobile point-of-sale (POS)
solutions, risk management tools, and robust reporting and analytics capabilities augment our platform s offerings. 

Our
payment services seamlessly integrating e-money remittance solutions within the global marketplace, spanning open banking and
credit card processing to wire transfers. Our unique Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model empowers clients to focus on their core
operations and sales while we handle the intricate aspects of payment processing. This streamlined approach facilitates efficient
onboarding, elevates customer retention, and cultivates new revenue streams. 

Our
vision transcends boundaries as we aspire to cement our position as a global leader in the payments and banking sphere. Our team,
comprising seasoned experts across operations, technology, sales, legal, compliance, and more, forms the backbone of our enterprise. 

The
crux of our vision lies in simplifying and automating global fund transfers while upholding the highest standards of security.
We endeavor to furnish merchants with an all-encompassing Merchant Payment Ecosystem (MPE), a unified platform catering to their
diverse payment needs. Our technology leverages the Gateway Cashier Technology to deliver unparalleled services. 

Our
diverse merchant base ranges from small to medium-sized enterprises, or SMEs, to large enterprises, spanning sectors such as hospitality,
e-gaming, consulting, retail, marketing, and e-commerce. While we are rooted in the SaaS framework, our belief in democratizing
technology has led us to offer an initial free platform, generating revenue through value-added services. 

Our
revenue streams encompass processing fees based on payment volumes, a hybrid model featuring fixed transaction fees and monthly
charges, and diverse layers that allow us to cross-sell services and nurture lasting client relationships. Currently, we derive
all our revenues from our operating subsidiaries based in Malaysia and the United Kingdom. 

In
the competitive landscape, our distinct layers constitute the heart of our approach, underpinned by a commitment to exemplary
customer service. We understand the nuanced needs of various merchants and have meticulously curated layers tailored to their
requirements, including cutting-edge technology, diverse payment processing, integrated banking, and strategic licensing solutions.
These layers collectively form the bedrock of our operations, fostering seamless merchant experiences and propelling us to the
forefront of the industry. 

As
we chart our course, we stand poised to not only cater to our diverse clientele but to exceed their expectations. Our pursuit
of excellence remains unwavering as we continue to innovate, expand our offerings, and forge new partnerships to reshape the payments
and banking landscape. 

15 

Results
of Operations 

Three
Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Revenue
generated by the Company during the three months ended June 30, 2024 consists of three components, including: Payment Service
Provider (PSP), Foreign Exchange (FX) Conversion and Whitelabelling. The revenue generated from each component is outlined in
the following table. 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Payment Services Provider (PSP) 
 
 182,333 
 
 Foreign Exchange (FX) Conversion 
 322 
 384,779 
 
 Whitelabelling 
 48,546 
 16,516 
 
 Referral fees (1) 
 32,703 

Total Revenue 
 81,571 
 583,628 

(1) Referral
 fees is a new revenue stream within 2024 following the discontinue of our EMD agency
 service in December 2023, to comply with updated regulatory compliance mandates from
 the United Kingdom. As a result, the existing client base of Fintech was transferred
 to a third party and a revenue share agreement was established. 

We
recognized 81,571 and 583,628 revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in revenue
was primarily due to lower-than-expected transactions for both the Payment Services Provider and Foreign Exchange (FX) Conversion
services. There has been less onboarding of new clients in the second quarter of 2024 for our services, which mean we are primarily
servicing existing clients. Additionally, the discontinue of our EMD agency service in December 2023, to comply with updated regulatory
compliance mandates from the United Kingdom, also partially impacted our operations. Revenue recognized during the period is mainly
from whitelabelling provided by FintechAsia and referral fees provided by FDS. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was 21,805 compared to 42,470 for the three months ended June 30, 2023.
The decrease in cost of revenue is not in proportion to the decrease in revenue due to an increase in processing fees for our
business transaction. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was 59,766 compared to 541,158 for the period ended June 30, 2023. The decrease
resulted primarily from the lower-than-expected revenue generated from our services. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2024, we incurred total operating expenses in the amount of 409,548 compared to 900,620 for
the three months ended June 30, 2023. The decrease of 491,072 or 55 was mainly attributed to the significant decrease in the
general and administrative expenses of Fintech. This includes a 142,272 or 86 , decrease of platform development fees, a 79,194
or 77 decrease of rent expenses, and a 30,856 or 31 decrease of consultation fees. 

16 

Six
Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Six Months Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Payment Services Provider (PSP) 
 
 360,158 
 
 Foreign Exchange (FX) Conversion 
 27,379 
 1,043,648 
 
 Whitelabelling 
 198,664 
 27,016 
 
 Referral fees 
 114,922 

Total Revenue 
 340,965 
 1,430,822 

We
recognized 340,965 and 1,430,822 revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in revenue
was primarily due to lower-than-expected transactions for both the Payment Services Provider and Foreign Exchange (FX) Conversion
services. There has been less onboarding of new clients in the second quarter of 2024 for our services, which mean we are primarily
servicing existing clients. Additionally, the discontinue of our EMD agency service in December 2023, to comply with updated regulatory
compliance mandates from the United Kingdom, also partially impacted our operations. Revenue recognized during the period is mainly
from whitelabelling provided by FintechAsia and referral fees provided by FDS. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was 58,955 compared to 42,505 for the six months ended June 30, 2023, due to
increase in processing fees for our business transaction. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was 282,010 compared to 1,388,317 for the period ended June 30, 2023. The decrease
resulted primarily from the lower-than-expected revenue generated from our services and higher cost of revenue. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the six months ended June 30, 2024, we incurred total operating expenses in the amount of 1,293,440, composed solely of general
and administrative expenses. Whilst, for the six months ended June 30, 2023, we incurred total operating expenses in the amount
of 1,783,986, composed solely of general and administrative expenses. The decrease of 490,546 or 28 was mainly attributed to
the significant decrease in the general and administrative expenses of Fintech, which decreased by 497,799 or 59 . 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of June 30, 2024, we had a cash balance of 3,455,972. During the period ended June 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities
totaled 656,279. Net cash generated from investing activities totaled 252. Net cash generated by financing activities during
the period totaled 341,106. The resulting change in cash for the period was a decrease of 309,987, which was primarily due to
cash used in operating activities. As of June 30, 2024, we had current liabilities of 3,391,996, which was composed of amount
due to related parties of 1,196,146, accounts payable of 382,109, and accruals and other payable of 1,813,741. We had net assets
of 17,025,973 and 18,322,482 as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For the period ended June 30, 2024, we
have recognized goodwill of 16,657,653 compared to 16,657,653 for the year ended December 31, 2023. After completing our annual
impairment review for each reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2023, we concluded that goodwill of Fintech was impaired
in the year ended December 31, 2023 and an impairment loss of 39,136,871 was recorded. We have recognized goodwill of 16,657,653
as a result from the acquisition of Fintech during the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe no impairment is required during
the period ended June 30, 2024. However, due to the significant carrying amount of goodwill recognized, any indication of impairment
that causes losses and give rise to substantial doubt about our ability to continue as going concern. 

17 

Cash
Flows for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The
following table sets forth summary cash flow information for the periods presented: 

Six Months Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net (used in) / cash generated by operating activities 
 (656,279 
 1,269,493 
 
 Net (used in) / cash generated by investing activities 
 252 
 (8,795 
 
 Net cash generated by / (used in) financing activities 
 341,106 
 (589,994 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 4,934 
 31,063 
 
 Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (309,987 
 701,767 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 656,279 which consisted of a net loss for the six months ended June 30, 2024 of 1,201,443.
Cash generated by accounts payables was 334,447, other receivables, prepayments and other assets was 326,140, depreciation and
amortization of property and equipment and right-of-use assets was 20,780, and accounts receivable was 3,216. Cash used by accrued
expense and other payables was 139,419. 

For
the six months ended June 30, 2023, net cash generated by operating activities was 1,269,493 which consisted of a net loss for
the six months ended June 30, 2023 of 309,155. Cash generated from accounts receivables was 1,316,056, other receivables, prepayments
and other assets was 699,414, accrued expense and other payables was 499,752, and depreciation and amortization of property
and equipment and right-of-use assets was 16,481. Cash used by accounts payables was 939,555 and inventories was 13,500. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024,
net cash generated by investing activities was 252 which consisted of cash generated by purchase of property and equipment and
right-of-use assets of 252. 

For
the six months ended June 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities was 8,795 which consisted of cash used in purchase of property
and equipment and right-of-use assets of 8,795. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

For
the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash generated by financing activities was 341,106 which consisted of cash generated
by proceeds from related parties of 441,106 and cash used in the issuance of shares of 100,000. 

For
the six months ended June 30, 2023, cash used in financing activities was 589,994 which consisted of repayments to related parties
of 589,994. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, financing, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on assumptions believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. The estimation process often may yield a range of potentially reasonable estimates of the ultimate future
outcomes, and management must select an amount that falls within that range of reasonable estimates. Estimates are used in the
following areas, among others: research and development expense recognition, valuation of common shares and stock options, allowances
of deferred tax assets, valuation of debt related instruments, and cash flow assumptions regarding going concern considerations.
Although management believes the estimates that have been used are reasonable, actual results could vary from the estimates that
were used. 

18 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

The
recently issued accounting pronouncements are included in Note 2 Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for disclosures on accounting
policies related to our business. 

ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we
file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including
our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Based upon their evaluation of those controls and procedures performed as of the end of the period covered by this report, our
principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring
that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

In
order to ensure that our subsequent periodic quarterly reports for the financial year 2024 are filed in accordance with effective
internal control over financial reporting, the company has temporarily held the filings of these quarterly reports until our Annual
Report for the year ended December 31, 2023 is evaluated as effective by management. 

For
the financial year ended December 31, 2023, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting, due to a weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, related to the acquisition of Fintech.
This weakness was brought to our attention only when we received the SEC Staff Statement on June 11, 2024. In response to this
weakness, the management has recognized the impact of the financial statement as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
for the year ended December 31, 2023. Due to this weakness, the Company s management has expended, and will continue to
expend, substantial effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. 

On
October 28, 2024, we filed the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023 with SEC. On November 4, 2024,
we received the SEC Staff Statement confirming that they have completed their review of our Form 10-K/A. Hence, we are now filing
this Quarterly Report for the period ended June 30, 2024 after the quarterly evaluation on our internal control over financial
reporting has been completed, as described below. 

19 

Management s
Quarterly Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Lim
Chun Hoo, our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal
financial officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

a) Ensuring
 that the management of each subsidiary pertain to the maintenance of records that in
 reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
 our assets; 

b) Exercising
 the rights as the CEO of Company to oversee all internal control s function, instruct
 amendment to policy and procedures, carry out internal control audit and other necessary
 means on each of the subsidiary to ensure that it is consistent with the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; 

c) Provide
 reasonable assurance by involving in the subsidiary s material decision-making
 process that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our
 receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
 and our directors; and 

d) Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
 All material acquisition and disposal of subsidiary s asset shall be approved by
 the board of director of the Company. 

e) Because
 of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
 or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
 provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
 presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
 to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
 that the degree goodwill of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness, as defined by SEC
rules, is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management
has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures. Based upon their participation in that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of June 30, 2024. 

Accordingly
management believes, based on its knowledge, that (1) this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material face necessary to make the statements made not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report, and (2) the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the years and periods then ended. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

As
discussed above, there were changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal
year that have affected the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our current plans
include acquiring enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents, and increasing communication among
our personnel, and considering the engagement of third-party professionals to consult with us on the application of complex accounting
transactions. 

20 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these, or other matters may arise from time to time that
may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Risk
factors that affect our business and financial results are discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors, in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the SEC on October 28, 2024. There have been no material
changes in our risk factors from those previously disclosed in our Periodic Reports. You should carefully consider the risks described
in our Periodic Reports, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described
in our Periodic Reports are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results.
If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be negatively affected. 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED
 SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

During
the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any
contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative
defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

21 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File the cover page from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
 2024, is formatted in Inline XBRL and included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

22 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FINTECH SCION LIMITED 

Date: November 19,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Lim
Chun Hoo 
 Chief
Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 19,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Colin Ellis 

Colin
Ellis 
 Chief
Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 g084567_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer of Fintech Scion Limited 

 Pursuant
to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Lim Chun Hoo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Fintech Scion Limited 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Name: 
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Title: 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 g084567_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of Fintech Scion Limited 

 Pursuant
to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Colin Ellis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Fintech Scion Limited 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 19 , 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Colin Ellis 

Name: 
 Colin Ellis 

Title: 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 g084567_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

Statement
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fintech Scion Limited (the Company for the quarter ended June
30, 2024 (the Report ), the undersigned, Lim Chun Hoo and Colin Ellis, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, respectively, of Fintech Scion Limited (the Company ), hereby certify that based on the undersigned s
knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

Date:
 November 19 , 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Name: 
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Title: 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: November
19 , 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Colin Ellis 

Name: 
 Colin Ellis 

Title: 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vxel-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 vxel-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vxel-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vxel-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

