<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1711799_0001628280-24-047782.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17929940</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160518</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3587357</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7552945</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3188772</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3041940</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047782.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114112241
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001711799
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				821419222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56273
		FILM NUMBER:		241458758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		730 THIRD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-490-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		730 THIRD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047782.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 nuveen-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nuveen-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

nuveen 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant: No established market exists for the registrant s common stock. 
 As of November 14, 2024, there were outstanding shares of Class T common stock, outstanding shares of Class S common stock, outstanding shares of Class D common stock, outstanding shares of Class I common stock and outstanding shares of Class N common stock. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 63 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 64 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 64 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 64 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 64 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 64 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 65 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per-share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Investments in real estate, net Investments in commercial mortgage loans, at fair value Investments in international affiliated funds Investments in real estate-related securities, at fair value Investments in real estate debt, at fair value Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Credit facility Mortgages payable, net Loan participations, at fair value Note payable, at fair value Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities Due to affiliates Intangible liabilities, net Subscriptions received in advance Distributions payable Total liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interest Equity Series A Preferred Stock Common stock - Class T shares, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class N shares, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit and cumulative distributions ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Non-controlling interests attributable to third-party joint ventures Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per-share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenue Income from commercial mortgage loan Total revenues Expenses Rental property operating General and administrative Advisory fee due to affiliates Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other income (expense) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate-related securities ) ) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate debt ) ) Realized gain on sale of real estate investments Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on commercial mortgage loans ) Unrealized (loss) gain from interest rate derivatives ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on note payable ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to preferred stock Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Preferred Stock Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Non-Controlling Interests Attributable to Third-Party Joint Ventures Total Equity Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class N Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Common stock issued (a) 
 ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net income (loss) ) Distributions on common stock ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions on Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Preferred Stock Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Non-Controlling Interests Attributable to Third-Party Joint Ventures Total Equity Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class N Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Common stock issued (a) 
 ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Distributions on common stock ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions on Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (a) 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Preferred Stock Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Non-Controlling Interests Attributable to Third-Party Joint Ventures Total Equity Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class N Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Common stock issued Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net income (loss) ) Distributions on common stock ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions on Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Preferred Stock Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Non-Controlling Interests Attributable to Third-Party Joint Ventures Total Equity Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class N Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Common stock issued (a) 
 ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Distributions on common stock ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions on Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (a) 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Unrealized gain on changes in fair value of real estate-related securities ) ) Realized (gain) loss on sale of real estate-related securities ) Unrealized (gain) loss on changes in fair value of real estate debt ) Realized loss on sale of real estate debt Unrealized (gain) loss on changes in fair value of note payable ) Unrealized (gain) loss on changes in fair value of commercial mortgage loans ) Unrealized loss (gain) on changes in fair value of interest rate derivatives ) Realized gain on sale of real estate investments ) Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds Income distributions from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds Interest received through commercial loan funding ) Straight-line rent adjustment ) ) Amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of mortgage discount Amortization of restricted stock grants Change in assets and liabilities: Decrease in other assets ) ) Increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of real estate ) Origination and fundings of commercial mortgage loans ) ) Proceeds from paydown of commercial mortgage loans Capital improvements to real estate ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate investments Purchase of real estate-related securities ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate-related securities Purchases of real estate debt ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate debt Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) Offering costs paid ) ) Borrowings under credit facility Repayments on credit facility ) ) Payments on mortgages payable ) ) Borrowings under note payable Payment of offering and organization costs due to affiliate ) ) Distributions to preferred stockholders ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) ) Subscriptions received in advance Distributions ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash during the period ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets, end of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Non-cash investing activities: Assumption of other assets and liabilities in conjunction with acquisitions of investments in real estate ) Accrued capital expenditures ) Fundings of commercial mortgage loans through increases in loan participations ) ) Accrued purchases of real estate debt Paydown of commercial mortgage loans through decrease in loan participations Interest paid through funding of commercial mortgage loan Non-cash financing activities: Accrued distributions Accrued stockholder servicing fees ) ) Distribution reinvestments Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Increases in loan participations through fundings of commercial mortgage loans Decrease in loan participations through paydown of commercial mortgage loans ) Accrued offering costs 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 billion in shares of common stock (the Initial Public Offering ). The IPO Registration Statement was initially declared effective on January 31, 2018 and the Initial Public Offering terminated on July 2, 2021. 
 On January 13, 2021, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-252077) (the Follow-on Registration Statement to register up to billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the Follow-on Public Offering ). The Follow-on Registration Statement was initially declared effective by the SEC on July 2, 2021. In the Follow-on Public Offering, the Company is offering to the public any combination of classes of shares of its common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The publicly offered share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock varies and generally equals the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share, as calculated monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 On June 21, 2024, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-280368) (the "Third Public Offering Registration Statement") for a third public offering of up to billion shares of common stock (in any combination of purchases of Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares of common stock), consisting of up to billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the "Third Public Offering"). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had received aggregate net proceeds of billion from selling shares in the Initial Public Offering, the Follow-on Public Offering and unregistered private offerings. 
 
 Note 2. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

million and million, and million and million, respectively. Such amounts are included on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

years Building, land and site improvements - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Lease intangibles Over lease term 
 Significant improvements to properties are capitalized. When assets are sold or retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income or loss for the period. 
 Repairs and maintenance are expensed to operations as incurred and are included in Rental Property Operating on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Management reviews the Company s real estate properties for impairment each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impaired value. If the carrying amount of the real estate investment is no longer recoverable and exceeds the fair value of such investment, an impairment loss is recognized. The impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value, or fair value, less cost to sell if classified as held for sale. If the Company s strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material to the Company s results. During the periods presented, no such impairment occurred. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

13 

Table of Contents 

14 

Table of Contents 

Investments in real estate debt Investments in commercial mortgage loans Total Liabilities: Loan participations Note payable Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Loan originations Additional fundings (a) 
 Financing proceeds Paydowns ) (b) 
 ) Net unrealized gain on assets (c) 
 Net unrealized loss (gain) on liabilities ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (a) Includes additional fundings on commercial mortgage loans and loan participations of million and million, respectively. 
 (b) Includes paydowns on commercial mortgage loans and loan participations of million and million, respectively. 
 (c) Unrealized Gain on Commercial Mortgage Loans of million reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes unrealized gain of million associated with commercial mortgage loans, net of unrealized loss of million associated with loan participations. 
 - 
 Loan Participations Various Discounted Cash Flow Method Equivalency Rate SOFR (1) + - 
 Note Payable Multifamily Discounted Cash Flow Method Equivalency Rate SOFR (1) + 
 
 (1) Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Company s credit facility approximated fair value. The fair value of the Company s mortgages payable was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

million of restricted cash. The restricted cash consisted of million of tenant security deposits and million of cash received for subscriptions prior to the date in which the subscriptions are effective, which is held in a bank account controlled by the Company s transfer agent, but in the name of the Company. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

active TRSs: the Company uses Cayman Islands TRSs to hold its investments in the International Affiliated Funds, Luxembourg TRS to hold minority interests in its direct European investment, domestic TRS to hold the senior portions of its commercial mortgage loans, and domestic TRS for self-storage, nonrental-related business. The asset tests that apply to REITs limit the Company s ownership of the securities of its TRSs to no more than 20 of the value of the Company s total assets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred federal income tax expense related to the TRSs of million and million, respectively. Luxembourg tax imposed on the Luxembourg TRS is not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company accrues liabilities when it believes that it is more likely than not that it will not realize the benefits of tax positions that it has taken in its tax returns or for the amount of any tax benefit that exceeds the cumulative probability threshold in accordance with ASC 740-10, Uncertain Tax Positions. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax positions are included in income tax expense, and no amount has been accrued. Income tax returns for tax years 2020 through 2023 remain subject to governmental examination. 
 Deferred Taxes 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a deferred tax liability of million that is recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The deferred tax liability is a value-based tax, calculated on the difference between carrying value and current tax basis, and was assumed during the acquisition of the Company s multifamily portfolio in Copenhagen, Denmark. 
 equal monthly installments commencing on the earlier of the date the Company s NAV reached billion or January 31, 2023. The Company s NAV reached billion in October 2021, and as of September 30, 2024, the Company had reimbursed the Advisor million of such costs. 
 The Advisor and its affiliates incurred organization and offering expenses on the Company s behalf for the Initial Public Offering of million, consisting of offering costs of million and organization costs of million, of which million and million remained outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These organization and offering costs are recorded as Due to Affiliates on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company charged million and million, respectively, in offering costs to equity. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Foreign currency translation adjustments resulted in other comprehensive losses of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The financial position and results of operations of APCF are measured in U.S. dollars for purposes of recording the related activity under the equity method of accounting. There is no direct foreign currency exposure to the Company for its investment in APCF. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 Land and land improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in real estate, net 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively. 
 Acquisitions 
 The Company did not acquire any properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Dispositions 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Note 4. 
 Additions Disposals ) Unrealized gain Realized gain Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 ) Realized gain (loss) ) ) Dividend income Total ) ) 
 
 Note 5. 
 10/2/2043 CMBS - Floating 6/2/2037 Total 8/31/2038 
 December 31, 2023 
 Type of Security/Loan Weighted- Average Coupon Weighted- Average Maturity Date (1, 2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS - Fixed 10/02/2043 CMBS - Floating 6/02/2037 Total 8/31/2038 
 (1) Weighted by face amount. (2) Stated legal maturity. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Multifamily Hotel Diversified Retail Office Manufactured Housing Life Science Net Lease Self-Storage Cold Storage Total 
 AA A BBB BB B CCC Total 
 (1) Composite rating at the time of purchase. 
 Additions Disposals ) Unrealized gain Realized loss ) Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Note 6. 
 million million) and had a ownership in ECF as of September 30, 2024. 
 As described in Note 2, the Company records its investment in ECF using the equity method on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. While the Company has strategies to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with its investment made in Euros, there can be no assurance that these strategies will be successful or that foreign exchange fluctuations will not negatively impact the Company s financial performance and results of operations in a material manner. 
 Income distributions ) Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated fund ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Loss from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds from ECF for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Loss from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds from ECF for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Investment in APCF: 
 APCF was launched in November 2018 as an open-end, U.S. dollar-denominated fund that seeks durable income and capital appreciation from a balanced and diversified portfolio of real estate investments in a defined list of investment cities in the Asia-Pacific region. 
 The Company invested million and had a ownership in APCF as of September 30, 2024. As described in Note 2, the Company records its investment in APCF using the equity method on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Income distributions ) Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated fund ) Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Loss from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds from APCF for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. (Loss) income from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds from APCF for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was ) million and million, respectively. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Note 7. 
 bps 
 11/9/2024 Interest only 9-90 Corporate Center 11/9/2021 Mezzanine Office Framingham, MA SOFR + bps 
 11/9/2024 Interest only Panorama House (1) 
 11/16/2021 Senior Multifamily Roseville, CA SOFR + bps 
 12/9/2025 Interest only Panorama House 11/16/2021 Mezzanine Multifamily Roseville, CA SOFR + bps 
 12/9/2025 Interest only Tucson IV 3/28/2022 Senior Multifamily Tucson, AZ SOFR + bps 
 4/9/2025 Interest only Tucson IV 3/28/2022 Mezzanine Multifamily Tucson, AZ SOFR + bps 
 4/9/2025 Interest only Dolce Living Royal Palm (1) 
 7/8/2022 Senior Multifamily Kissimmee, FL SOFR + bps 
 7/9/2025 Interest only Dolce Living Royal Palm 7/8/2022 Mezzanine Multifamily Kissimmee, FL SOFR + bps 
 7/9/2025 Interest only Luxe Scottsdale 7/19/2022 Mezzanine Multifamily Scottsdale, AZ SOFR + bps 
 8/9/2025 Interest only Sterling Self-Storage 3/28/2024 Senior Self-Storage various SOFR + bps 
 4/9/2027 Interest only Total 
 (1) Sold to unaffiliated parties, but did not qualify for sale accounting under GAAP, were not derecognized and are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as further described in Note 9. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had unrealized gains on its commercial mortgage loans of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had unrealized gains (losses) on its commercial mortgage loans of million and ) million, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest and loan origination income from its investments in commercial mortgage loans of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest and loan origination income from its investments in commercial mortgage loans of million and million, respectively. 
 Loan originations Additional fundings (1) 
 Paydowns (2) 
 ) Net unrealized gain (3) 
 Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, includes additional fundings on commercial mortgage loans and loan participations of million and million, respectively. 
 (2) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, includes paydowns on commercial mortgage loans and loan participations of million and million, respectively. 
 million reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes unrealized gain of million associated with commercial mortgage loans, net of unrealized loss of million associated with loan participations. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Note 8. 
 Above-market lease intangibles Leasing commissions Other intangibles Total intangible assets Accumulated amortization: In-place lease intangibles ) ) Above-market lease intangibles ) ) Leasing commissions ) ) Other intangibles ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net Intangible liabilities: Below-market lease intangibles ) ) Accumulated amortization Intangible liabilities, net ) ) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, amortization expense relating to intangible assets was million and million, respectively, which includes above-market lease amortization of million and million, respectively, that is recorded to Rental Revenue on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, amortization expense relating to intangible assets was million and million, respectively, which includes above-market lease amortization of million and million, respectively, that is recorded to Rental Revenue on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Income from the amortization of below-market lease intangibles was million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Income from the amortization of below-market lease intangibles was million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) Total ) Weighted-average amortization period (years) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Note 9. 
 bps 
 11/9/2024 Interest only Panorama House Senior Multifamily Roseville, CA SOFR + bps 
 12/9/2025 Interest only Dolce Living Royal Palm Senior Multifamily Kissimmee, FL SOFR + bps 
 7/9/2025 Interest only Total 
 The following table shows the Company s loan participations in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Beginning balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional fundings 
 Paydowns ) Net unrealized loss 
 Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest expense related to its loan participations of million and million, respectively, with a corresponding offset to interest income related to the senior portion of the whole loan. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest expense related to its loan participations of million and million, respectively, with a corresponding offset to interest income related to the senior portion of the whole loan. 
 
 Note 10. 
 million for unsecured revolving loans, with an accordion feature that may increase the aggregate commitments to up to million (the Credit Facility ). 
 On September 30, 2021, Wells Fargo, the Company and Nuveen OP amended the Credit Agreement to increase the Credit Facility to million in aggregate commitments, consisting of a million revolving facility (the Revolving Facility ), and a senior delayed draw term loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to million (the DDTL Facility ). Loans under the DDTL Facility may be borrowed in up to advances, each in a minimum amount of million. The Credit Facility will terminate, and all amounts outstanding thereunder will be due and payable in full, on September 30, 2025 (the Revolving Termination Date ), with additional extension option held by Nuveen OP, including the payment of an extension fee of of the aggregate commitment. The DDTL Facility will mature, and all amounts outstanding thereunder will be due and payable in full, on September 30, 2026. 
 On February 17, 2023, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to increase the Credit Facility to million in aggregate commitments, consisting of a million Revolving Facility and a DDTL Facility of million, with an accordion feature that may increase aggregate commitments to up to million. The Credit Facility converted to SOFR effective May 1, 2023, at SOFR plus Adjusted Term SOFR ), plus applicable margin under the existing margin, with all other terms remaining the same. 
 Subsequent to the SOFR conversion, loans outstanding under the Credit Facility bear interest, at Nuveen OP s option, at either an adjusted base rate or an adjusted SOFR rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from to for Credit Facility borrowings for base rate loans, in each case, based on the total leverage ratio of Nuveen OP and its subsidiaries. The applicable margin ranges from to for Credit Facility borrowings at the Adjusted Term SOFR rate, in each case, based on the total leverage ratio of Nuveen OP and its subsidiaries. Loans outstanding under the DDTL Facility bear interest, at Nuveen OP s option, at either an adjusted base rate or an adjusted SOFR rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from to for DDTL Facility borrowings for base rate loans, in each case, based on the total leverage ratio of Nuveen OP and its subsidiaries. The applicable margin ranges from to for DDTL Facility borrowings at the adjusted SOFR rate, in each case, based on the total leverage ratio of Nuveen OP and its subsidiaries. There is an unused fee of of the aggregate amount of commitments under the Revolving Facility if the usage is greater than or equal to of the aggregate commitments and if the usage is less than of the aggregate commitments. The DDTL Facility is fully disbursed as of September 30, 2024. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

DDTL facility S+applicable margin (2) 
 September 30, 2026 Credit facility 
 (1) The weighted-average interest rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the Revolving facility were and , respectively. 
 (2) The weighted-average interest rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the DDTL facility were and , respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in borrowings and had outstanding accrued interest of million under the Credit Facility. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in interest expense under the Credit Facility. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in interest expense under the Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all loan covenants with respect to the Credit Agreement. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 11. 
 12/01/26 Tacara Steiner Ranch Brighthouse Life Insurance 06/01/28 Signature at Hartwell Allstate/American Heritage 12/01/28 GFI Grocery Anchored Portfolio Nationwide/Amerant/Synovus - 
 Various Total fixed rate mortgages payable Variable-rate mortgage payable: CASA Nord Portfolio Nyrkredit Realkredit C + (1) (2) 
 12/31/32 Total mortgages payable Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Discount on assumed mortgage notes, net ) ) Mortgages payable, net 
 (1) The term C refers to the relevant floating benchmark rate, which is the three-month Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate CIBOR ). 
 (2) CASA Nord entered into an interest rate swap on January 3, 2023, which fixed the rate at . 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding accrued interest of million on mortgages payable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in interest expense on mortgages payable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in interest expense on mortgages payable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 12. 
 note outstanding with Capital One which matures on April 9, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal amount of the note was million and the Company had million in accrued interest outstanding. Interest expense incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, based on a rate of SOFR plus . Interest expense incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively, based on a rate of SOFR plus . 
 Financing proceeds Net unrealized gain ) Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 . 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Note 13. 
 Receivables Prepaid expenses Right-of-use asset finance leases Right-of-use asset operating lease Deferred financing costs on credit facility, net Other Total 
 Common stock repurchases Real estate taxes payable Tenant security deposits Prepaid rental income Lease liability finance leases Deferred tax liability Accrued interest expense Lease liability operating lease Other Total 
 
 Note 14. 
 
 The Company does not pay the advisory fee with regard to its investments in the International Affiliated Funds. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued advisory fees of million and million, respectively, which has been included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred advisory fee expenses of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred advisory fee expenses of million and million, respectively. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

million on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as further described in Note 19. 
 The Company entered into a master services agreement with Nuveen Real Estate Project Management Services, LLC Nuveen RE PMS ), an affiliate of the Advisor, for the purpose of Nuveen RE PMS providing professional services in connection with certain of the Company s real estate investments. For project management services provided by Nuveen RE PMS, the Company will pay Nuveen RE PMS fees determined by the estimated total cost of the project; provided that such fees shall not exceed of project costs. For development and management services provided by Nuveen RE PMS, the Company will pay Nuveen RE PMS fees to be determined by the complexity and size of the project; provided that such fees shall not exceed of project costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not incur any charges attributable to Nuveen RE PMS. 
 Acquisition and asset management services Accounting, construction and leasing services Total 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition and asset management services Accounting, construction and leasing services Total 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s affiliated service providers and the fees incurred by the Company to those service providers for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 Service provided NexCore Sparrow MyPlace Property and project management services Acquisition and asset management services Accounting, construction and leasing services Total 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s affiliated service providers and the fees incurred by the Company to those service providers for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 in thousands): 
 Service provided NexCore Sparrow MyPlace Nuveen RE PMS Property and project management services Acquisition and asset management services Accounting, construction and leasing services Total 
 Fees Due to Dealer Manager 
 Nuveen Securities, LLC (the Dealer Manager served as the dealer manager for the Initial Public Offering and serves as the dealer manager for the Follow-on Public Offering (together, the Offerings ). The Dealer Manager is a registered broker-dealer affiliated with the Advisor. The Company s obligations under the Dealer Manager Agreement to pay stockholder servicing fees with respect to the Class T, Class S and Class D shares distributed in the Offerings will survive until such shares are no longer outstanding or are converted into Class I shares. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred stockholder servicing fees of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred stockholder servicing fees of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had accrued approximately million of stockholder servicing fees with respect to the outstanding Class T, Class S and Class D common shares, which includes million for the current month. 
 
 up to 
 up to 
 Maximum Upfront Dealer Manager Fees of Transaction Price) up to 
 Stockholder Servicing Fee of NAV) (1) 

(1) Consists of an advisor stockholder servicing fee of per annum and a dealer stockholder servicing fee of per annum (or other amounts, provided that the sum equals ), of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class T shares. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Advanced organization and offering expenses Total 
 (1) The Company accrues the full amount of future stockholder servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager for Class T, Class S and Class D shares up to of gross proceeds at the time such shares are sold. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares in the Offerings, which provide, among other things, for the re-allowance of the full amount of the selling commissions and the dealer manager fee and all or a portion of stockholder servicing fees received by the Dealer Manager to such selected dealers. The Company will cease paying stockholder servicing fees upon a listing of Class I shares, the Company's merger or consolidation into another entity or a sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets, or if the total underwriting compensation paid in respect of the offering in which the shares were issued reaches of the gross proceeds from the primary offering. 
 See Note 19. Equity and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest for additional information related to TIAA s purchase of million Class N shares through its wholly owned subsidiary and redeemable non-controlling interests related to affiliated partners crystallization rights, which allow the partners to trigger the payment on the promote. 
 See Note 6. Investment in International Affiliated Funds for additional information related to the Company s investment in International Affiliated Funds, in which affiliates of the Advisor serve as the investment adviser and receive management fees. 
 
 Note 15. 
 
 Note 16. 
 of the rental income of the Company. No significant lease expirations are scheduled to occur over the next twelve months. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide general indemnifications. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Company that have not yet occurred. However, based on experience, the Advisor expects the risk of loss to be remote. 
 
 Note 17. 
 million and million, respectively. Rental income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Certain leases provide for additional rental amounts based upon the recovery of actual operating expenses in excess of specified base amounts, sales volume or contractual increases as defined in the lease agreement. These contractual contingent rentals are not included in the table above. 
 Lessee 
 Certain of the Company s investments in real estate are subject to ground leases for which the Company is a lessee. The Company s ground leases are classified as either operating leases or finance leases based on the characteristics of each lease. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had ground lease classified as operating and ground leases classified as finance. The right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to ground leases are reflected within Other Assets and Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities, respectively, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Each of the Company s ground leases was acquired as part of the acquisition of real estate, and no incremental costs were incurred for such ground leases. The leases do not contain material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company s ground leases are non-cancelable and certain leases contain renewal options. 
 Right-of-use asset operating lease Liabilities: Lease liability finance leases Lease liability operating lease 
 The Company used its incremental borrowing rate at the time of entering such leases, which was , to determine its lease liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease terms of the Company s operating lease and finance leases were years and years, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted future lease payments Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows ) ) Total lease liability 
 31 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred operating ground lease costs of million and million, respectively. 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets Total finance lease cost 
 
 Note 18. 
 DKK 
 CIBOR 1/5/2023 12/30/2027 
 Total derivative financial instrument 
 (1) Included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded unrealized losses related to changes in fair value of its derivative financial instruments of million and million, respectively. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the Company recorded unrealized gains related to changes in fair value of its derivative financial instruments of thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Note 19. 
 billion shares of capital stock consisting of the following: Classification Number of Shares (in thousands) Par Value Class T Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class N Shares Preferred Stock Total 
 The Company s board of directors may amend the Charter from time to time, without stockholder approval, to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue, or to issue additional classes of stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 On October 8, 2020, a subsidiary of Nuveen OP sold shares of preferred stock in a private placement to effectuate the formation of a REIT established to hold the Company s industrial property located in Massachusetts for tax management purposes. 
 Common Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had issued and outstanding shares of Class T common stock, shares of Class S common stock, shares of Class D common stock, shares of Class I common stock and shares of Class N common stock. 
 Common Stock Issued (1) 
 ) Distribution Reinvestment Vested Stock Grant Common Stock Repurchased ) ) ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 (1) Common stock issued includes conversions between share classes. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Class T Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class N Shares Total December 31, 2023 Common Stock Issued Distribution Reinvestment Vested Stock Grant Common Stock Repurchased ) ) ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 33 

Table of Contents 

million of the Company s Class N shares of common stock through its wholly owned subsidiary. Per the terms of the agreement between the Company and TIAA, prior to January 31, 2025, TIAA may submit a portion of its Class N shares for repurchase; provided, that after taking into account the repurchase, the total value of TIAA s aggregate ownership of the Company s Class N shares shall not be less than million. Beginning on January 31, 2025, TIAA may submit all of its remaining shares for repurchase; provided, that TIAA must continue to maintain ownership of the initial investment in the Company s shares for so long as the Advisor or its affiliate serves as the Company s advisor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the total amount of repurchases of Class N shares eligible for repurchase will be limited to no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per month and no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter; provided, that if in any month or quarter the total amount of aggregate repurchases of all classes of the Company s common stock do not reach the overall share repurchase plan limits of of the aggregate NAV per month and of the aggregate NAV per calendar quarter, the above repurchase limits on the Class N shares shall not apply to that month or quarter and TIAA shall be entitled to submit shares for repurchase up to the overall share repurchase plan limits. 
 Restricted Stock Grants 
 Each independent director receives a annual retainer, the chairperson of the audit committee receives an additional annual retainer and the lead independent director receives an additional annual retainer. The Company pays of this compensation in cash, unrestricted stock, or a combination thereof in quarterly installments and the remaining in the form of an annual grant of restricted stock based on the most recent transaction price. The restricted stock generally vests from the date of grant. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby holders of Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares (other than investors in certain states or who are clients of a participating broker-dealer that does not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan) have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. Holders of Class N shares are not eligible to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan, but receive their distributions in cash. Investors who are clients of a participating broker-dealer that does not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan or are residents of those states that do not allow automatic enrollment receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock. The per-share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the transaction price at the time the distribution is payable, which will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per share for that share class. Stockholders do not pay upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Distributions 
 The Company generally intends to distribute substantially all of its taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to its stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Code. The Company s distribution policy reflects its intention to pay distributions monthly, subject to the discretion of the board of directors. 
 Based on the monthly record dates established by the board of directors, the Company accrues for distributions on a monthly basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared and paid distributions of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company declared and paid distributions of million and million, respectively. 
 Each class of common stock receives the same gross distribution per share, which was and per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable advisory fee and stockholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share. 
 Advisory fee per share of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) ) Net distribution per share of common stock 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Advisory fee per share of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) ) Net distribution per share of common stock 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company has adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. The Company may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in its discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. The total amount of aggregate repurchases of all classes of shares is limited to no more than of the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders per month (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than of the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter). In addition, if during any consecutive period, the Company does not have at least in which the Company fully satisfies of properly submitted repurchase requests or accepts all properly submitted tenders in a self-tender offer for the Company s shares, the Company will not make any new investments (excluding short-term cash management investments under days in duration) and will use all available investable assets to satisfy repurchase requests (subject to the limitations under this program) until all outstanding repurchase requests have been satisfied. Shares would be repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, subject to any early repurchase deduction. Shares that have not been outstanding for at least would be repurchased at of the transaction price. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, the Company may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests and has established limitations on the amount of funds the Company may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. Further, the Company s board of directors may modify, suspend or terminate the share repurchase plan. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for million and million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for million and million. During May 2024, the Company received repurchase requests equal to approximately of the Company s NAV. The Company s board of directors unanimously authorized repurchases in excess of the limit for May 2024 such that of share repurchase requests timely received in May 2024 were satisfied. The Company had no unfulfilled repurchase requests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
 The Company s affiliated partners have redeemable non-controlling interests in joint ventures due to crystallization rights, which allow the partners to trigger the payment on the promote. The redeemable non-controlling interests are recorded at the greater of (i) their carrying amount, adjusted for their share of the allocation of GAAP net income or loss and distributions, or (ii) their redemption value, which is equivalent to the fair value of such interests at the end of each measurement period. As the redemption value was greater than the adjusted carrying value for certain affiliates as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an allocation adjustment between Additional Paid-In-Capital and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest. The balance was million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Note 20. 
 reportable segments: industrial properties, healthcare properties, multifamily properties, retail properties, single-family housing, office properties, self-storage properties, commercial mortgage loans, real estate-related securities, International Affiliated Funds, and other (corporate). These are operating segments that are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the CODMs in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s chief executive officer, chief financial officer and head of portfolio management have been identified as the CODMs. The Company s CODMs direct the allocation of resources to operating segments based on the profitability and cash flows of each respective segment. The Company believes that segment net operating income is the performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. 
 Healthcare Multifamily Retail Single-Family Housing Office Self-Storage Commercial Mortgage Loans Real Estate-Related Securities (1) 
 International Affiliated Funds Other (Corporate) Total assets 
 (1) Includes investments in real estate-related securities and real estate debt as shown on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Income from commercial mortgage loans Total segment revenues Expenses: Property operating Total segment expenses Realized and unrealized gain from real estate-related securities Realized and unrealized gain from real estate debt Unrealized loss on note payable ) ) Unrealized loss from interest rate derivatives ) ) Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds ) ) Unrealized gain on commercial mortgage loans Segment net operating income ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) Advisory fee due to affiliates ) Interest income Interest expense ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) Net income attributable to preferred stock Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 (1) Includes investments in real estate-related securities and real estate debt as shown on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

37 

Table of Contents 

Income from commercial mortgage loans Total segment revenues Expenses: Property operating Total segment expenses Realized and unrealized loss from real estate-related securities ) ) Realized and unrealized loss from real estate debt ) ) Unrealized loss on note payable ) ) Unrealized gain from interest rate derivatives Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds ) ) Unrealized gain on commercial mortgage loans Segment net operating income ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) Advisory fee due to affiliates ) Interest income Interest expense ) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) Net income attributable to preferred stock Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) 
 (1) Includes investments in real estate-related securities and real estate debt as shown on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Income from commercial mortgage loans Total segment revenues Expenses: Property operating Total segment expenses Realized gain on sale of real estate investments Realized and unrealized gain from real estate-related securities Realized and unrealized gain from real estate debt Unrealized gain on note payable Unrealized loss from interest rate derivatives ) ) Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds ) ) Unrealized gain on commercial mortgage loans Segment net operating income ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) Advisory fee due to affiliates ) Interest income Interest expense ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) Net income attributable to preferred stock Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 (1) Includes investments in real estate-related securities and real estate debt as shown on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

39 

Table of Contents 

Income from commercial mortgage loans Total segment revenues Expenses: Property operating Total segment expenses Realized and unrealized loss from real estate-related securities ) ) Realized and unrealized loss from real estate debt ) ) Unrealized loss on note payable ) ) Unrealized gain from interest rate derivatives Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds ) ) Unrealized loss on commercial mortgage loans ) ) Segment net operating income ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) Advisory fee due to affiliates ) Interest income Interest expense ) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures ) Net income attributable to preferred stock Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) 
 (1) Includes investments in real estate-related securities and real estate debt as shown on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

40 

Table of Contents 

Note 21. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 References herein to Company, we, us, or our refer to Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and objectives. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue or other similar words. These statements include our plans and objectives for future operations, including plans and objectives relating to future growth and availability of funds, and are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Assumptions relating to these statements involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to accurately predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements, and the forward-looking statements themselves, are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate and our actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. is a Maryland corporation formed on May 1, 2017 and qualifies as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We were formed to invest in properties in or around certain global cities selected for their resilience, long-term structural performance and ability to deliver an attractive and stable distribution yield. We expect that over time a majority of our real estate investments will be located in the United States and that a substantial but lesser portion of our portfolio will include real properties located in Canada, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. We seek to complement our real property investments by investing a smaller portion of our portfolio in real estate-related assets. We are externally managed by our advisor, Nuveen Real Estate Global Cities Advisors, LLC (the Advisor ), an investment advisory affiliate of Nuveen Real Estate. Nuveen Real Estate is the real estate investment management division of our sponsor, Nuveen, LLC Nuveen ). Nuveen is the asset management arm and a wholly owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America TIAA ). 
 Public Offerings 
 On January 31, 2018, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-222231) for our initial public offering of our common stock (the Initial Public Offering was first declared effective by the SEC. The Initial Public Offering terminated on July 2, 2021. 
 Our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-252077) (the Follow-on Registration Statement for our follow-on public offering of up to 5.0 billion of shares of common stock, consisting of up to 4.0 billion in shares in our primary offering and up to 1.0 billion in shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the Follow-on Public Offering ), was declared effective by the SEC on July 2, 2021. The Follow-on Public Offering terminated on November 6, 2024. 
 On June 21, 2024, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-280368) (the Third Public Offering Registration Statement for a third public offering of up to 5.0 billion in shares of our common stock, consisting of up to 4.0 billion in shares of common stock in our primary offering and up to 1.0 billion in shares of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the Third Public Offering ). The Third Public Offering Registration Statement was declared effective on November 6, 2024. We are offering to the public any combination of four classes of shares of our common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The publicly offered share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock varies and generally equals our prior month s net asset value NAV per share, as calculated monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 Private Offerings 
 TIAA invested 200,000 through the purchase of 20,000 shares of common stock at 10.00 per share as our initial capitalization. Subsequent to our initial capitalization, TIAA purchased 300.0 million in shares (less the 200,000 initial capitalization amount). 
 We are conducting a private offering of Class I shares to feeder vehicles primarily created to hold our Class I shares, which in turn will offer interests in themselves to investors. We are conducting such offering pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 Q3 2024 Highlights 
 Operating results: 
 Declared and paid monthly net distributions totaling 28.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The details of the average annualized distribution rates and total returns are shown in the following table: 
 Class I Class D Class T Class S Average Annualized Distribution Rate 5.61 5.35 4.75 4.83 Year-to-Date Total Return, without upfront selling commissions 1.88 1.69 1.23 1.26 Year-to-Date Total Return, assuming maximum upfront selling commissions N/A 0.16 (2.31) (2.29) Inception-to-Date Total Return, without upfront selling commissions 8.06 7.83 7.54 7.25 Inception-to-Date Total Return, assuming maximum upfront selling commissions N/A 7.57 6.89 6.47 
 Capital Activity: 
 Raised 83.3 million of gross proceeds during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Satisfied all share repurchase requests, totaling 42.7 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Portfolio 
 The following charts outline the allocation of our investments based on fair value as of September 30, 2024 (1) (2) : 
 
 (1) Allocation by region/asset type includes property investments we own directly (81 and investments in our International Affiliated Funds (4 ). 
 (2) RE-related Securities includes publicly listed REITs (4 and CMBS (3 ). 
 The following charts further describe the diversification of our direct investments in real properties based on fair value as of September 30, 2024 (3)(4) : 
 
 (3) Allocation by region includes only directly owned domestic property investments. 
 (4) Allocation by sector includes our directly held property in Copenhagen, Denmark. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The following map shows the location and property type of directly held real estate investments owned by ECF, in which we are currently invested, as of June 30, 2024: 
 
 The following map shows the location and property type of directly held real estate investments owned by APCF, in which we are currently invested, as of June 30, 2024: 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Investments in Real Estate 
 The following charts provide information on our direct investments in real properties as of September 30, 2024: Sector and Property/Portfolio Name Number of Properties Location Acquisition Date Ownership Interest Sq. Ft. (in thousands) / # of units Occupancy Multifamily: Kirkland Crossing 1 Aurora, IL Dec, 2017 100 266 Units 96 Tacara Steiner Ranch 1 Austin, TX June, 2018 100 246 Units 92 Brookson Flats 1 Huntersville, NC June, 2021 100 296 Units 92 Signature at Hartwell 1 Seneca, SC Nov, 2021 96.5 185 Units 98 The Reserve at Stonebridge Ranch 1 McKinney, TX Dec, 2021 100 301 Units 93 CASA Nord Portfolio 4 Copenhagen, DK Dec, 2022 100 84 Units 100 Total Multifamily 9 1,378 Units 95 Industrial: West Phoenix Industrial 1 Phoenix, AZ Dec, 2017 100 265 Sq. Ft 100 Denver Industrial 3 Golden Denver, CO Dec, 2017 100 486 Sq. Ft 100 Henderson Interchange 1 Henderson, NV Dec, 2018 100 197 Sq. Ft 100 Globe Street Industrial 1 Moreno Valley, CA Oct, 2019 100 252 Sq. Ft 100 1 National Street 1 Boston, MA Nov, 2020 100 300 Sq. Ft 100 Rittiman West 6 7 2 San Antonio, TX Dec, 2020 100 147 Sq. Ft 100 10850 Train Ct. 1 Houston, TX Dec, 2021 100 113 Sq. Ft 100 5501 Mid Cities Pkwy 1 San Antonio, TX Dec, 2021 100 88 Sq. Ft 100 Tampa Lakeland Industrial 3 Tampa, FL Jan, 2022 100 366 Sq. Ft 100 610 Loop 5 Houston, TX Mar, 2022 100 709 Sq. Ft 97 UP Minneapolis 3 Minneapolis, MN June, 2022 100 406 Sq. Ft 100 Wilsonville Logistics Center 1 Wilsonville, OR July, 2022 100 508 Sq. Ft 100 Alliance Logistics 7 Various Oct, 2022 100 1,236 Sq. Ft 93 Total Industrial 30 5,073 Sq. Ft 99 Retail: Main Street at Kingwood 1 Houston, TX Oct, 2018 100 199 Sq. Ft 97 GFI Grocery Anchored Portfolio 5 Various Sep, 2022 95 496 Sq. Ft 99 Total Retail 6 695 Sq. Ft 98 Office: Defoor Hills 1 Atlanta, GA June, 2018 100 91 Sq. Ft 100 East Sego Lily 1 Salt Lake City, UT May, 2019 100 148 Sq. Ft 94 Perimeter s Edge 1 Raleigh, NC Sept, 2021 100 85 Sq. Ft 77 Total Office 3 324 Sq. Ft 90 Healthcare: 9725 Datapoint 1 San Antonio, TX Dec, 2019 100 205 Sq. Ft 100 Linden Oaks 1 Chicago, IL Nov, 2020 100 43 Sq. Ft 100 Locust Grove 1 Atlanta, GA Nov, 2020 100 40 Sq. Ft 100 2945 Wilderness Place 1 Boulder, CO Jan, 2021 100 31 Sq. Ft 100 Hillcroft Medical Clinic 1 Sugarland, TX June, 2021 100 41 Sq. Ft 100 Pacific Center 1 San Diego, CA May, 2021 100 92 Sq. Ft 100 Buck s Town Medical Campus I 5 Philadelphia, PA Sept, 2021 100 142 Sq. Ft 100 620 Roseville Parkway 1 Roseville, CA Oct, 2021 100 194 Sq. Ft 88 Buck s Town Medical Campus II 2 Langhorne, PA Oct, 2021 100 69 Sq. Ft 85 Project Sullivan 10 Various Various 100 661 Sq. Ft 96 Total Healthcare 24 1,518 Sq. Ft 97 Self-Storage: Out O Space Storage 1 Palm Bay, FL June, 2022 100 240 Units 75 Imperial Sugar Land 1 Sugarland, TX June, 2022 100 791 Units 83 Advantage Storage 1 Houston, TX Aug, 2022 100 781 Units 69 Pflugerville Self-Storage 1 Pflugerville, TX Dec, 2022 100 546 Units 72 Brighton Storage 1 Brighton, CO Mar, 2023 100 716 Units 69 Total Self-Storage 5 3,074 Units 74 Single-Family Housing: Single-Family Rentals 383 Various Various 100 774 Sq. Ft 92 Total Single-Family Housing 383 92 Total Investment Properties 460 94 
 46 

Table of Contents 

The following schedule details the expiring leases at our industrial, retail, office and healthcare properties by annualized base rent and square footage as of September 30, 2024 and square feet data in thousands). The table below excludes our multifamily properties, single-family rentals and self-storage properties as substantially all leases at such properties expire within 12 months. 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized Base Rent (1) 
 of Total Annualized Base Rent Expiring Square Feet of Total Square Feet Expiring 2024 (remaining) 12 995 1 101 1 2025 67 11,762 13 1,191 16 2026 64 8,560 10 904 13 2027 60 14,039 16 980 14 2028 57 18,884 21 1,434 20 2029 42 5,037 6 540 8 2030 17 5,423 6 334 5 2031 6 1,864 2 97 1 2032 8 9,568 11 832 12 2033 14 8,106 9 502 7 Thereafter 9 4,360 5 236 3 Total 356 88,598 100 7,151 100 
 (1) The annualized September 30, 2024 base rent per leased square foot of the applicable year excluding tenant recoveries, straight-line rent and above-market and below-market lease amortization. 
 Investments in Real Estate-Related Securities 
 We invest in real estate-related securities including shares of common stock of publicly listed REITs. As of September 30, 2024, we had 56 holdings and have invested 91.2 million in securities that are valued at 106.5 million. 
 The following chart further describes the diversification of our investments in real estate-related securities as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 We invest in CMBS, which are securities that evidence interests in, or are secured by, a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool of commercial mortgage loans. CMBS are generally pass-through investments and represent beneficial ownership interests in trusts whose assets consist of defined portfolios of one or more commercial mortgage loans. Losses are usually borne by the most subordinate class, which receive payments only after the senior classes have received payments they are entitled to. CMBS are subject to the risks of the underlying mortgage loans. The majority (approximately 91 of our CMBS are single-asset, single-borrower deals, and nearly all our CMBS are rated Investment Grade (BBB- or higher) with approximately 9 being non-Investment Grade (BB+ or lower). The greatest concentration by property sector of our CMBS is in industrial properties (31 ). Additionally, to minimize interest rate risk, the portfolio is concentrated in floating-rate securities (approximately 78 whose base index rate of one-month SOFR is 4.85 , and help to generate a current portfolio yield of approximately 9.5 . As of September 30, 2024, we have invested 95.4 million in CMBS that are valued at 93.1 million on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The following charts further describe our investments in CMBS as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Investments in International Affiliated Funds 
 European Cities Partnership SCSp 
 ECF was launched in March 2016 as an open-end, Euro-denominated fund that seeks to build a diversified portfolio of high-quality and stabilized commercial real estate with good fundamentals (i.e., core real estate) located in or around certain investment cities in Europe selected for their resilience, potential for long-term structural performance and ability to deliver an attractive and stable distribution yield. ECF is managed by an affiliate of TIAA. As of September 30, 2024, ECF had total equity commitments of 1.3 billion 1.2 billion), all of which had been called. As of June 30, 2024, ECF had 12 assets with a gross asset value of 1.9 billion 1.7 billion) and a loan-to-value ratio LTV of 41.9 . The ECF portfolio is well diversified and had a balanced country exposure with 21.6 in the United Kingdom, 13.7 in Italy, 13.5 in Spain, 13.1 in Finland, 11.6 in Germany, 10.9 in the Netherlands, 9.3 in Austria, and 6.3 in Denmark. The 12-month net total return and since-inception net total return was (7.7) and 1.5 , respectively, as of June 30, 2024. 
 Loss from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds from ECF for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.2 million and 3.4 million, respectively. 
 Asia Pacific Cities Fund 
 APCF was launched in November 2018 as an open-end, U.S. dollar-denominated fund that seeks durable income and capital appreciation from a balanced and diversified portfolio of real estate investments in a defined list of investment cities in the Asia-Pacific region. APCF is managed by an affiliate of TIAA. As of September 30, 2024, APCF had total equity commitments of 1.1 billion and had called 980.0 million of these commitments. As of June 30, 2024, APCF had 11 investments (26 assets) with a gross asset value of 1.5 billion and an LTV of 40.1 . APCF had 32.5 exposure in Singapore, 26.6 in Japan, 21.4 in South Korea, 12.9 in Hong Kong and 6.6 in Australia, resulting in a 12-month total return and a since-inception total return of 0.1 and 6.2 (foreign exchange-neutral), respectively, as of June 30, 2024. 
 Loss from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds from APCF for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.4 million and 0.9 million, respectively. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Investments in Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 The following table summarizes our investments in commercial mortgage loans as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 Investment Name Origination Date Loan Type Property Type Location Interest Rate Maturity Date Periodic Payment Terms Commitment Amount Principal Receivable Fair Value 9-90 Corporate Center (1) 
 11/9/2021 Senior Office Framingham, MA SOFR + 175 bps 
 11/9/2024 Interest only 72,033 54,526 52,010 9-90 Corporate Center 11/9/2021 Mezzanine Office Framingham, MA SOFR + 575 bps 
 11/9/2024 Interest only 23,344 21,509 19,480 Panorama House (1) 
 11/16/2021 Senior Multifamily Roseville, CA SOFR + 165 bps 
 12/9/2025 Interest only 66,488 65,113 64,230 Panorama House 11/16/2021 Mezzanine Multifamily Roseville, CA SOFR + 597 bps 
 12/9/2025 Interest only 22,163 21,704 20,920 Tucson IV 3/28/2022 Senior Multifamily Tucson, AZ SOFR + 295 bps 
 4/9/2025 Interest only 76,260 74,757 74,700 Tucson IV 3/28/2022 Mezzanine Multifamily Tucson, AZ SOFR + 295 bps 
 4/9/2025 Interest only 25,420 24,919 24,040 Dolce Living Royal Palm (1) 
 7/8/2022 Senior Multifamily Kissimmee, FL SOFR + 185 bps 
 7/9/2025 Interest only 51,432 51,432 50,960 Dolce Living Royal Palm 7/8/2022 Mezzanine Multifamily Kissimmee, FL SOFR + 525 bps 
 7/9/2025 Interest only 17,144 17,144 16,630 Luxe Scottsdale 7/19/2022 Mezzanine Multifamily Scottsdale, AZ SOFR + 570 bps 
 8/9/2025 Interest only 17,043 17,163 16,740 Sterling Self-Storage 3/28/2024 Senior Self-Storage various SOFR + 370 bps 
 4/9/2027 Interest only 20,850 20,513 20,520 Total 360,230 
 (1) Sold to unaffiliated parties, but did not qualify for sale accounting under GAAP and were not derecognized. 
 In accordance with the adoption of the fair value option allowed under ASC 825, Financial Instruments, and at our election, the commercial mortgage loans are stated at fair value and were initially valued at the face amount of the loan funding. Subsequently, the commercial mortgage loans are valued at least quarterly by an independent third-party valuation firm with additional oversight being performed by the Advisor s internal valuation department. The value will be based on market factors, such as market interest rates and spreads for comparable loans, the performance of the underlying collateral (such as the LTV and the cash flow of the underlying collateral), and the credit quality of the borrower. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had unrealized gains on commercial mortgage loans of 0.8 million and 0.8 million, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized interest and loan origination income from investments in commercial mortgage loans of 7.9 million and 23.3 million, respectively. 
 
 Factors Impacting Our Operating Results 
 Our business is affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the United States and to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, rising unemployment and falling inflation set the stage for the Federal Reserve Board (the "Fed") to begin cutting rates. As the Fed is forecasting additional rate cuts over the next couple of years, this should become a positive tailwind for real estate. However, near-term geopolitical uncertainty may continue to add volatility to the wider market. 
 Results of operations are also dependent on the rental revenue we receive from the properties that we acquire, the timing of lease expirations, operating expenses, the competitive environment for real estate assets and income from our investments in real estate-related securities, real estate debt, commercial mortgages and the International Affiliated Funds. Real estate has produced strong returns over the last few years and has priced in the effects of higher inflation and monetary policy to a more limited extent than other asset classes. Higher market rents, particularly from industrial, self-storage and housing properties, are translating into strong net operating income growth, and investors continue to view real estate as a key portfolio diversifier in a high-inflation environment. U.S. commercial real estate should benefit even during a rising interest rate environment, as real estate assets will continue to be a higher-yielding alternative to fixed-income assets in the short term. 
 Competitive Environment 
 We face competition from a diverse mix of market participants, including other companies with similar business models, REITs, private equity funds, independent investors and other real estate investors. Competition from others may diminish our opportunity to acquire a desired property on favorable terms or at all. In addition, this competition may put pressure on us to reduce the rental rates below those that we expect to charge for the properties that we acquire, which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 Rental Revenues 
 We receive income primarily from rental revenue generated by the properties that we acquire. The amount of rental revenue depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to enter into leases with increasing or market-value rents for the properties that we acquire and rent collection, which primarily relates to each future tenant s financial condition and ability to make rent payments to us on time. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses include general and administrative expenses, including legal, accounting and other expenses related to corporate governance, public reporting and compliance with the various provisions of U.S. securities laws. As we have with the leases associated with our industrial, retail, office and healthcare properties, we generally expect to structure our leases so that 
 49 

Table of Contents 

the tenant is responsible for taxes, maintenance, insurance and structural repairs with respect to the premises throughout the lease term. Increases or decreases in such operating expenses will impact our overall financial performance . 
 Our Qualification as a REIT 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Shares of our common stock are subject to restrictions on ownership and transfer that are intended, among other purposes, to assist us in qualifying and maintaining our qualification as a REIT. In qualifying for taxation as a REIT under the Code, we are subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (including any net capital gains) to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and assets. In order to satisfy a requirement that five or fewer individuals do not own (or be treated as owning) more than 50 of our stock, subject to certain exceptions, no person or entity may own, or be deemed to own, by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Code, more than 9.8 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of our outstanding shares of stock or more than 9.8 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 Revenues Rental revenue 44,216 43,384 832 133,080 129,366 3,714 Income from commercial mortgage loans 7,871 7,471 400 23,252 21,008 2,244 Total revenues 52,087 50,855 1,232 156,332 150,374 5,958 Expenses Rental property operating 16,075 14,977 1,098 47,573 44,696 2,877 General and administrative 1,970 2,641 (671) 6,375 7,024 (649) Advisory fee due to affiliates 7,434 7,847 (413) 22,298 23,796 (1,498) Depreciation and amortization 20,061 21,047 (986) 59,818 63,955 (4,137) Total expenses 45,540 46,512 (972) 136,064 139,471 (3,407) Other income (expense) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate-related securities 14,910 (9,609) 24,519 12,080 (4,308) 16,388 Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate debt 508 (708) 1,216 2,528 (365) 2,893 Realized gain on sale of real estate investments 15 15 Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds (1,718) (2,870) 1,152 (4,347) (6,024) 1,677 Unrealized gain (loss) on commercial mortgage loans 846 431 415 787 (1,266) 2,053 Unrealized (loss) gain from interest-rate derivatives (394) 136 (530) (339) 24 (363) Unrealized (loss) gain on note payable (70) (20) (50) 105 (130) 235 Interest income 1,980 2,381 (401) 5,651 6,481 (830) Interest expense (11,610) (10,788) (822) (33,756) (29,346) (4,410) Total other income (expense) 4,452 (21,047) 25,499 (17,276) (34,934) 17,658 Net income (loss) 10,999 (16,704) 27,703 2,992 (24,031) 27,023 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures (6) (21) 15 (20) (79) 59 Net income attributable to preferred stock 4 3 1 11 11 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 11,001 (16,686) 27,687 3,001 (23,963) 26,964 
 Rental Revenue and Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Due to acquisitions of real estate we made during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our rental revenues and rental property operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are not comparable. However, certain properties in our portfolio were owned for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and are further discussed below in Same-Property Results of Operations. 
 Income from Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, income from commercial mortgage loans increased 0.4 million and 2.2 million, respectively, in comparison to the corresponding period in 2023, due to the acquisition of a commercial mortgage loan in March 2024 as well as additional fundings on commercial mortgage loans in 2024. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses decreased by 0.7 million and 0.6 million, respectively, in comparison to the corresponding period in 2023, primarily attributable to a decrease in deferred tax expense. 
 Advisory Fee Due to Affiliates 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the advisory fee due to affiliates decreased by 0.4 million and 1.5 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding period in 2023 due to a decrease in our NAV. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization decreased by 1.0 million and 4.1 million, respectively, in comparison to the corresponding period in 2023 primarily due to certain intangible assets being fully amortized in 2023. 
 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) from Real Estate-Related Securities 
 Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate-related securities changed 24.5 million from a loss of (9.6) million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to a gain of 14.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate-related securities changed 16.4 million from a loss of (4.3) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to a gain of 12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The change was primarily driven by more favorable market conditions. 
 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) from Real Estate Debt 
 Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate debt changed 1.2 million from a loss of (0.7) million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to a gain of 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Realized and unrealized gain (loss) from real estate debt changed 2.9 million from a loss of (0.4) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to a gain of 2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The change was primarily due to the tightening of floating rate spreads. 
 Loss from Equity Investments in Unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, loss from equity investments in unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds decreased by 1.2 million and 1.7 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding period in 2023, primarily driven by valuation increases in the office and logistics markets for ECF and APCF. 
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, unrealized gain (loss) on commercial mortgage loans increased by 0.4 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2023. Unrealized gain (loss) on commercial mortgage loans increased by 2.1 million from a loss of (1.3) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to a gain of 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The change was primarily due to tightening spreads. 
 Interest Expense 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense increased 0.8 million and 4.4 million, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023 due to additional borrowings on our Credit Facility. 
 Same-Property Results of Operations 
 We evaluate our consolidated results of operations on a same-property basis, which allows us to analyze our property operating results excluding acquisitions during the periods under comparison. Properties in our portfolio are considered same property if they were owned for the full periods presented, otherwise they are considered non-same property. Newly acquired or recently developed properties that have not achieved stabilized occupancy are excluded from same-property results and are considered non-same property. We do not consider our real estate-related securities, real estate debt, commercial mortgage loans, single-family housing and International Affiliated Funds segments to be same-property. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our same-property portfolio consisted of 30 industrial, 24 healthcare, nine multifamily, six retail, five self-storage, and three office properties. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our same-property portfolio consisted of 30 industrial, 24 healthcare, nine multifamily, six retail, four self-storage, and three office properties. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Same property operating results are measured by calculating same property net operating income NOI ). Same property NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP disclosure of our operating results that we believe is meaningful as it enables management to evaluate the impact of occupancy, rents, leasing activity and other controllable property operating results at our real estate properties. We define same property NOI as operating revenues less operating expenses, which exclude (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) interest expense and (iii) other non-property-related revenue and expense items such as (a) general and administrative expenses, (b) management fees, (c) interest income, (d) income from real estate-related securities, (e) income from equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliated funds and (f) income from commercial mortgage loans. 
 Beginning December 31, 2023 and going forward, straight-line rental income will be excluded from same property NOI to more appropriately reflect the performance of our same property portfolio. Same property NOI in this Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 has been adjusted to reflect this change. 
 Our same property NOI may not be comparable to that of other REITs and should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate in evaluating our operating performance than the current GAAP methodology used in calculating net income (loss). 
 The following table reconciles GAAP net loss attributable to our stockholders to same property NOI in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 11,001 (16,686) 3,001 (23,963) Adjustments to reconcile to same property NOI Income from commercial mortgage loans (7,871) (7,471) (23,252) (21,008) Straight-line rental income (585) (2,020) (1,609) (3,321) General and administrative 1,970 2,641 6,375 7,024 Advisory fee due to affiliates 7,434 7,847 22,298 23,796 Depreciation and amortization 20,061 21,047 59,818 63,955 Realized and unrealized (gain) loss from real estate-related securities (14,910) 9,609 (12,080) 4,308 Realized and unrealized (gain) loss from real estate debt (508) 708 (2,528) 365 Realized gain on sale of real estate investments (15) Loss from equity investments in unconsolidated International Affiliated Funds 1,718 2,870 4,347 6,024 Unrealized (gain) loss on commercial mortgage loans (846) (431) (787) 1,266 Unrealized loss (gain) from interest rate derivatives 394 (136) 339 (24) Unrealized loss (gain) on note payable 70 20 (105) 130 Interest income (1,980) (2,381) (5,651) (6,481) Interest expense 11,610 10,788 33,756 29,346 Loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third-party joint ventures (6) (21) (20) (79) Income attributable to preferred stock 4 3 11 11 NOI 27,556 26,387 83,898 81,349 Non-same property NOI 1,287 310 4,288 4,155 Same property NOI 26,269 26,077 79,610 77,194 
 52 

Table of Contents 

The following table details the components of same property NOI in thousands): 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Same property rental revenue Multifamily 8,108 7,991 117 1 24,165 23,370 795 3 Healthcare 12,090 11,245 845 8 36,231 33,260 2,971 9 Industrial 12,093 12,073 20 36,525 35,892 633 2 Office 2,487 2,666 (179) (7) 7,757 7,561 196 3 Retail 4,671 4,345 326 8 14,217 14,025 192 1 Self-Storage 983 1,060 (77) (7) 2,201 2,302 (101) (4) Total revenues 40,432 39,380 1,052 3 121,096 116,410 4,686 4 Same property operating expenses Multifamily 3,523 3,419 104 3 10,089 9,719 370 4 Healthcare 4,354 3,695 659 18 12,788 12,030 758 6 Industrial 3,566 3,575 (9) 10,883 10,261 622 6 Office 646 612 34 6 1,974 1,880 94 5 Retail 1,422 1,321 101 8 4,310 3,985 325 8 Self-Storage 652 681 (29) (4) 1,442 1,341 101 8 Total expenses 14,163 13,303 860 6 41,486 39,216 2,270 6 Same property NOI 26,269 26,077 192 1 79,610 77,194 2,416 3 
 Same Property Revenue 
 Our rental revenue includes contractual rental income from our tenants based on the leases and tenant reimbursement income for costs related to common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, rental revenues increased by 1.1 million and 4.7 million, respectively, across the same property portfolio as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase was primarily related to increased market rents at our same property multifamily investments, increases in base rental income at certain of our healthcare properties, increases in tenant reimbursement income as a result of higher operating expenses at certain of our healthcare and retail properties, partially offset by a decrease in lease termination income at one of our office properties. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase was primarily related to increased market rents at our same property multifamily investments, increases in base rental income at certain of our healthcare and industrial properties, increases in tenant reimbursement income as a result of higher operating expenses at certain of our healthcare, industrial and retail properties as well as the collection of previously written off receivables at one of our office properties, partially offset by decreased rental income at certain of our self-storage properties. 
 Same Property Expenses 
 Same property rental property operating expenses primarily include real estate taxes, utilities and other maintenance expenses associated with our real estate properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, property operating expenses increased by 0.9 million and 2.3 million, respectively, across the same property portfolio as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increases were driven primarily by increased real estate taxes at certain of our healthcare properties. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increases were driven primarily by increased real estate taxes at certain of our healthcare, industrial, retail and self-storage properties as well as increased maintenance expenses at certain of our multifamily properties. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe we are well positioned from a liquidity perspective with approximately 397.1 million of liquidity as of September 30, 2024, consisting of 163.0 million of an undrawn unsecured revolving credit facility, approximately 199.6 million in investments in real estate debt securities and real estate-related equity securities and 34.6 million of unrestricted cash on hand, that could be used to satisfy any potential liquidity requirements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Our primary needs for liquidity and capital resources are to fund our investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering and operating expenses and capital expenditures and to pay debt service on our outstanding indebtedness. Our operating expenses include fees and expenses related to managing our properties and other investments, the advisory fee we pay to the Advisor and general corporate expenses. 
 In addition to our current liquidity, we obtain incremental liquidity through the sale of shares of our common stock in our continuous public offering and private offerings, from which we have received net proceeds of 2.4 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 The following table is a summary of our indebtedness in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 
 Principal Balance as of Indebtedness Weighted-Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Weighted-Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Maximum Facility Size September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fixed-rate mortgage loans secured by our properties: Fixed-rate mortgages (3) 
 3.06 2/20/2028 175,169 175,169 175,527 Variable-rate mortgage loans secured by our properties: Variable-rate mortgage loans +0.70 
 12/31/2032 21,259 21,259 21,096 Total mortgage loans secured by our properties 196,428 196,623 Deferred financing costs, net (646) (743) Discount on assumed mortgage notes, net (5,207) (6,091) Total net mortgage loans secured by our properties 190,575 189,789 Variable-rate loans secured by other investments: Variable-rate note payable +1.65 
 4/9/2025 71,947 71,947 69,263 Total loans secured by other investments 262,522 259,052 Unsecured loans: Unsecured variable-rate revolving credit facility (4) 
 +applicable margin 9/30/2024 321,000 158,000 116,000 Unsecured variable-rate DDTL facility +applicable margin 9/30/2026 134,000 134,000 134,000 Total unsecured loans 455,000 292,000 250,000 Total indebtedness 723,375 554,522 509,052 
 (1) + refers to the relevant floating benchmark, which include one-month SOFR and one-month CIBOR, as applicable to each secured or unsecured loan. 
 (2) Weighted-average maturity assumes maximum maturity date. 
 (3) See Note 11 "Mortgages Payable to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to our variable- and fixed-rate mortgage loans. 
 (4) Additional borrowing under our unsecured variable-rate revolving credit facility is immediately available. 
 Capital Uses 
 During periods when we are selling more shares than we are repurchasing, we primarily use our capital to acquire investments, which we also fund with other capital resources. During periods when we are repurchasing more shares than we are selling, we primarily use our capital resources described above to fund repurchases. We continue to believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the needs of our business, and all repurchase requests from our inception through September 30, 2024 have been satisfied. 
 In addition, we may have other funding obligations, which we expect to satisfy with the cash flows generated from our investments and our capital resources described above. Such obligations may include distributions to our stockholders, operating expenses, capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, and debt service on our outstanding indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, the advisory fee we pay to the Advisor, which impacts our liquidity. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows provided by operating activities 53,565 58,481 Cash flows used in investing activities (14,510) (43,490) Cash flows used in financing activities (27,225) (39,095) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 11,830 (24,104) 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 4.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023 due to a 15.5 million lower increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities, partially offset by a 10.9 million lower decrease in other assets. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities decreased 29.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023 primarily due to a 13.8 million decrease in acquisitions of real estate and 36.5 million decrease in net purchases of real estate-related securities and real estate debt, partially offset by a 16.5 million increase in commercial mortgage loan originations and fundings. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities decreased 11.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023 due to a 31.6 million decrease in common stock repurchases, a 9.5 million increase in subscriptions received in advance as well as a 2.7 million increase in borrowings under the note payable, partially offset by a 14.0 million decrease in net borrowings on the Credit Facility and a 18.3 million decrease in proceeds from issuance of common stock. 
 Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 We believe funds from operations FFO is a meaningful supplemental non-GAAP operating metric, which should be considered along with, but not as an alternative to, net income (loss) and cash provided by operating activities as a measure of operating performance. Our consolidated financial statements are presented under historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments to be calculated on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments will decrease evenly over a set time period. However, we believe that the value of real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative. FFO is a standard REIT industry metric defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). 
 FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains or losses from sales of depreciable real property and impairment write-downs on depreciable real property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization. 
 We also believe that Adjusted FFO AFFO is a meaningful supplemental non-GAAP disclosure of our operating results which should be considered along with, but not as an alternative to, net income (loss) and cash provided by operating activities as a measure of operating performance. AFFO further adjusts FFO in order for our operating results to reflect the specific characteristics of our business by adjusting for items we believe are not related to our core operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive to AFFO include straight-line rental income, amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles, amortization of deferred financing costs and mortgage discount, organization costs, unrealized gains or losses from changes in fair value of real estate-related securities and real estate debt, unrealized loss on commercial mortgage loans and note payable, amortization of restricted stock awards and unrealized loss or income from investments in international affiliated funds. AFFO is not defined by NAREIT and our calculation of AFFO may not be comparable to the disclosures made by other REITs. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss under GAAP to FFO and to AFFO in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 10,999 (16,704) 2,992 (24,031) Adjustments: Real estate depreciation and amortization 20,061 21,047 59,818 63,955 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments (85) (85) (255) (264) Funds from Operations attributable to common stockholders 30,975 4,258 62,555 39,660 Straight-line rental income (585) (888) (1,609) (3,321) Amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles (907) (1,031) (2,772) (3,087) Amortization of deferred financing costs 323 319 966 900 Amortization of mortgage discount 295 294 884 899 Unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of real estate-related securities (12,531) 5,292 (8,882) (1,142) Unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of real estate debt (508) 696 (2,930) 296 Unrealized (gain) loss on commercial mortgage loans (846) (431) (787) 1,266 Unrealized loss (gain) from interest rate derivatives 394 (136) 339 (24) Unrealized loss (gain) on note payable 70 20 (105) 130 Amortization of restricted stock awards 91 91 197 197 Unrealized loss from investments in international affiliated funds 2,584 3,539 6,592 9,000 Adjusted Funds from Operations attributable to stockholders 19,355 12,023 54,448 44,774 
 FFO and AFFO should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in evaluating our operating performance. In addition, FFO and AFFO should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO and AFFO are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Distribution Policy 
 Our distribution policy is set by our board of directors and is subject to change based on available cash flows. We cannot guarantee the amount of distributions paid, if any. Our stockholders will not be entitled to receive a distribution if their shares are repurchased prior to the applicable time of the record date. In connection with a distribution to our stockholders, our board of directors approves a monthly distribution for a certain dollar amount for each class of our common stock. We then calculate each stockholder s specific distribution amount for the month using applicable record and declaration dates, and the distributions begin to accrue on the date we admit our stockholders. 
 Our distribution policy reflects our intention to pay distributions monthly, subject to the discretion of the board of directors. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fee and advisory fee, which are deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid directly to the applicable recipients. 
 
 Distributions 
 We declare monthly distributions for each class of our common stock which are generally paid within 30 days after month-end. Each class of our common stock received the same gross distribution per share, which was 0.1996 and 0.6056 per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fee and advisory fee, which are deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid by us to the recipients. 
 The following table details the aggregate distribution declared for each of our share classes: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class T Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class N Common Stock Gross distribution per share of common stock 0.1996 0.1996 0.1996 0.1996 0.1996 Advisory fee per share of common stock (0.0352) (0.0348) (0.0353) (0.0351) (0.0191) Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock (0.0248) (0.0249) (0.0071) Net distribution per share of common stock 0.1396 0.1399 0.1572 0.1645 0.1805 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class T Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class N Common Stock Gross distribution per share of common stock 0.6056 0.6056 0.6056 0.6056 0.6056 Advisory fee per share of common stock (0.1061) (0.1047) (0.1064) (0.1058) (0.0574) Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock (0.0752) (0.0750) (0.0213) Net distribution per share of common stock 0.4243 0.4259 0.4779 0.4998 0.5482 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared and paid distributions of 28.4 million and 87.0 million, respectively. The September 2024 distribution was declared and paid in October 2024. 
 The following table summarizes our distributions declared and paid in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash 15,933 56.00 16,594 56.57 Reinvested in shares 12,517 44.00 12,738 43.43 Total distributions 28,450 100.00 29,332 100.00 Sources of distributions Cash flows from operating activities 15,087 53.03 13,364 45.56 Debt and financing proceeds 13,363 46.97 15,968 54.44 Total sources of distributions 28,450 100.00 29,332 100.00 Total cash flows from operating activities 15,087 13,364 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash 48,901 56.18 49,048 54.74 Reinvested in shares 38,148 43.82 40,557 45.26 Total distributions 87,049 100.00 89,605 100.00 Sources of distributions Cash flows from operating activities 53,565 61.53 58,481 65.27 Debt and financing proceeds 33,484 38.47 31,124 34.73 Total sources of distributions 87,049 100.00 89,605 100.00 Total cash flows from operating activities 53,565 58,481 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Net Asset Value 
 Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation guidelines that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used in connection with the calculation of our NAV. The overarching principle of these guidelines is to produce a valuation that represents a fair and accurate estimate of the value of our investments or the price that would be received for our investments in an arm s-length transaction between market participants, less our liabilities. These valuation guidelines are largely based upon standard industry practices used by private, open-end real estate funds and are administered by the Advisor. 
 As a public company, we are required to issue financial statements based on historical cost in accordance with GAAP, which are subject to an independent audit. To calculate our NAV for purposes of establishing a purchase and repurchase price for our shares, we have adopted a model that adjusts the value of our assets from historical cost to fair value in accordance with the GAAP principles set forth in FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. However, our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to independent audit. Our NAV may differ from equity reflected on our audited financial statements, even if we are required to adopt a fair value basis of accounting for GAAP financial statement purposes in the future. Because these fair value calculations involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable attributes, the calculated fair value of our assets may differ from their actual realizable value or future fair value. Furthermore, no rule or regulation requires that we calculate NAV in a certain way. While we believe our NAV calculation methodologies are consistent with standard industry principles, there is no established practice among public REITs, whether listed or not, for calculating NAV in order to establish a purchase and repurchase price. As a result, other public REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine NAV. 
 The following valuation methods are used for purposes of calculating our NAV: 
 Investments in real property are valued by our independent valuation advisor, SitusAMC Real Estate Valuation Services, LLC SitusAMC ), using the income approach s discounted cash flow method. The discounted cash flow method takes into consideration all contractual rent payments over the life of the lease term offset by any capitalized expenditures. SitusAMC may supplement the discounted cash flow analysis with a sales comparison approach and the income approach s direct capitalization method, but typically reconciles exclusively to the discounted cash flow method. Following the table below that sets forth our NAV calculation is a sensitivity analysis for our investments in real property. 
 Investments in commercial mortgage loans are valued by SitusAMC using the income approach s discounted cash flow method. When used to value commercial mortgage loans, this method discounts the scheduled monthly interest payments at a market discount rate. The market discount rate takes into consideration a number of factors specific to the property (remaining term, LTV and quality of property) and market (capital market flows, current Treasury rates and quoted lending spreads). 
 Investments in International Affiliated Funds are included in our NAV at the value reported by each funds manager, which is calculated in accordance with the manager s valuation policy. Investments in the International Affiliated Funds are generally valued using a discounted cash flow analysis supplemented by a direct capitalization analysis as provided by an independent third party. 
 Investments in real estate-related securities are valued on the basis of publicly available market quotations or at fair value determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Investments in real estate debt consist of CMBS. We classify CMBS as trading securities and the Advisor generally values such CMBS on the basis of publicly available market quotations or at fair value determined in accordance with GAAP. We generally determine the fair value of our investments in real estate debt by utilizing third-party service providers whenever available. 
 Liabilities include the fees payable to the Advisor and the Dealer Manager, accounts payable, accrued operating expenses, property-level mortgages, note payable, any portfolio-level credit facilities and other liabilities. Other than property-level mortgages and note payable, we include the cost basis of our liabilities as part of NAV, which approximates fair value. These carrying amounts are meant to reasonably approximate fair value due to the liquid and short-term nature of the instruments. We include as part of NAV the fair value of our property-level mortgages and note payable, which are valued quarterly by SitusAMC using the income approach s discounted cash flow method . 
 At the beginning of each calendar year, the Advisor develops a valuation plan with the objective of having each of our wholly owned properties valued each quarter by an appraisal, except for newly acquired properties as described below. Our independent valuation advisor relies in part on property-level information provided by the Advisor, including (1) historical and projected operating revenues and expenses of the property, (2) lease agreements with respect to the property and (3) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. Appraisals are performed in accordance with the Code of Professional Ethics of the Appraisal Institute and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practices of The Appraisal Foundation, or the similar industry standards for the country where the property appraisal is conducted. Each appraisal must be reviewed, approved and signed by an individual with the professional designation of MAI (Member of the Appraisal Institute) or similar designation or, for international appraisals, a public or other certified expert for real estate valuations. Our independent valuation advisor generally performs the appraisals, but in its discretion, may engage other independent valuation firms to provide appraisals of certain of our properties. Any appraisal provided by a firm other than our independent valuation advisor is performed in accordance with our valuation guidelines and is not incorporated into the calculation of our NAV until our independent valuation advisor has confirmed the reasonableness of such appraisal. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Wholly owned properties and joint ventures may be valued more frequently than quarterly under certain circumstances. If, in the opinion of the Advisor an event becomes known to the Advisor (including through communication with our independent valuation advisor) that is likely to have any material impact on previously provided estimated values of the affected properties, the Advisor will notify our independent valuation advisor. If in the opinion of our independent valuation advisor, such event is likely to have an impact on a previously provided value of the affected properties, our independent valuation advisor will recommend intra-quarter valuation adjustments that will be incorporated into our NAV calculation. For example, an unexpected termination or renewal of a material lease, a material change in vacancies, an unanticipated structural or environmental event at a property or capital market events may cause the value of a wholly owned property to change materially. Once the independent valuation advisor has communicated the adjusted estimate of property value to the Advisor, the Advisor will cause such adjusted value to be included in our monthly NAV calculation. Any such adjustments will be estimates of the market impact of material events to the appraised value of the property, based on assumptions and judgments that may or may not prove to be correct and may also be based on limited information readily available at that time. In general, we expect that any estimates of value or interim appraisals will be performed as soon as possible after a determination by the Advisor that a material change has occurred and the financial effects of such change are quantifiable by the independent valuation advisor. However, rapidly changing market conditions or material events may not be immediately reflected in our NAV. The resulting potential disparity in our NAV may inure to the benefit of stockholders whose shares are repurchased or new purchasers of our common stock, depending on whether our published NAV per share for such class is overstated or understated. 
 In accordance with the valuation guidelines, our fund administrator calculates our NAV per share for each class of our common stock as of the last calendar day of each month, using a process that reflects several components (each as described above), including the estimated fair value of (1) each of our properties based upon individual appraisal reports provided periodically by third-party independent valuation firms and reviewed by our independent valuation advisor, (2) our real estate-related assets for which third-party market quotes are available, (3) our other real estate-related assets, if any, and (4) our other assets and liabilities. The NAV per share for our share classes may differ because stockholder servicing fees allocable to a specific class of shares are only included in the NAV calculation for that class and the advisory fee allocable to the Class N shares differs from the advisory fee allocable to the other share classes. 
 At the end of each month, before taking into consideration additional issuances of shares of capital stock, share repurchases or class-specific expense accruals for that month, any change in our aggregate NAV (whether an increase or decrease) is allocated among each class of shares based on each class s relative percentage of the previous aggregate NAV plus issuances of shares that were effective on the first calendar day of such month. The NAV calculation is available generally within 15 calendar days after the end of the applicable month. Changes in our monthly NAV include, without limitation, accruals of our net portfolio income, interest expense, the advisory fee, distributions, unrealized/realized gains and losses on assets, any applicable organization and offering costs and any expense reimbursements. Changes in our monthly NAV also include material non-recurring events, such as capital expenditures and material property acquisitions and dispositions occurring during the month. On an ongoing basis, the Advisor will adjust the accruals to reflect actual operating results and the outstanding receivable, payable and other account balances resulting from the accumulation of monthly accruals for which financial information is available. 
 We reimburse the Advisor for any organization and offering expenses that it incurs on our behalf as and when incurred. These expenses include legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees and expenses, due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of our transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating broker-dealers and reimbursements for customary travel, lodging and meals, but exclude upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees. After the termination of each public offering, the Advisor has agreed to reimburse us to the extent that the organization and offering expenses that we incur with respect to that offering exceed 15 of the gross proceeds from such offering. In connection with our initial public offering, the Advisor advanced 4.6 million of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf from our inception through December 2018. We began reimbursing the Advisor for all such expenses ratably over the 60 months commencing October 31, 2021, the date our NAV reached 1.0 billion. Such expenses will not be deducted from our NAV until they are payable to the Advisor. 
 Following the aggregation of the net asset values of our investments, the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any other liabilities, our fund administrator incorporates any class-specific adjustments to our NAV, including additional issuances and repurchases of our common stock and accruals of class-specific stockholder servicing fees and advisory fees. For each applicable class of shares, each of the stockholder servicing fee and the advisory fee is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate NAV for such class of shares. The declaration of distributions reduces the NAV for each class of our common stock in an amount equal to the accrual of our liability to pay such distribution. NAV per share for each class is calculated by dividing such class s NAV at the end of each month by the number of shares for that class then outstanding. 
 The purchase price per share for each class of our common stock will generally equal our prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. Our NAV for each class of shares is based on the net asset values of our investments (including real estate-related securities, real estate debt, commercial mortgage loans and International Affiliated Funds), the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any liabilities and stockholder servicing fees applicable to such class of shares. 
 
 Net Asset Value 
 We calculate NAV per share in accordance with the valuation guidelines that have been approved by our board of directors. We believe our NAV is a meaningful supplemental non-GAAP operating metric. The following table provides a breakdown of the 
 60 

Table of Contents 

major components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 and shares in thousands, except per-share data): Components of NAV September 30, 2024 Investments in real property 2,198,657 Investments in commercial mortgage loans 193,030 Investments in international affiliated funds 111,773 Investments in real estate-related securities 106,493 Investments in real estate debt 93,083 Cash and cash equivalents 33,154 Restricted cash 30,744 Other assets 11,890 Debt obligations (544,330) Other liabilities (71,674) Subscriptions received in advance (29,842) Stockholder servicing fees payable the following month (1) 
 (521) Non-controlling interests in joint venture (5,564) Net Asset Value 2,126,893 Net Asset Value attributable to preferred stock 129 Net Asset Value attributable to common stockholders 2,126,764 Number of outstanding shares of common stock 181,004 
 (1) Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class T, Class S and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell Class T, Class S and Class D shares. As of September 30, 2024, we have accrued under GAAP approximately 44.3 million of stockholder servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager related to the Class T, Class S and Class D shares sold. 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share by share class as of September 30, 2024 
 in thousands, except per-share data): NAV Per Share Class T Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class N Shares Total Net asset value attributable to common stockholders 190,584 522,934 83,393 967,875 361,978 2,126,764 Number of outstanding shares 16,267 45,167 7,102 82,737 29,731 181,004 NAV per share as of September 30, 2024 
 11.72 11.58 11.74 11.70 12.18 
 Set forth below are the weighted averages of the key assumptions in the discounted cash flow methodology used in the September 30, 2024 valuations, based on property types. 
 Property Type Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Industrial 6.91 5.83 Multifamily 6.65 5.48 Office 7.80 7.10 Healthcare 7.36 6.48 Retail 6.58 5.75 Self-Storage 7.29 5.68 Single-Family Housing 7.25 5.50 
 61 

Table of Contents 

These assumptions are determined by our independent valuation advisor. A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of our property investments. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investment values: Input Hypothetical Change Industrial Investment Values Multifamily Investment Values Office Investment Values Healthcare Investment Values Retail Investment Values Self-Storage Investment Values Single- Family Housing Investment Values Discount Rate 0.25 decrease 1.95 1.91 1.80 2.02 1.96 1.79 2.01 (weighted average) 0.25 increase (1.98) (1.91) (1.99) (1.86) (1.92) (1.95) (1.87) Exit Capitalization Rate 0.25 decrease 2.94 2.91 2.18 2.61 2.81 2.61 2.87 (weighted average) 0.25 increase (2.73) (2.72) (2.09) (2.35) (2.56) (2.77) (2.58) 
 The following table reconciles stockholders equity per our Consolidated Balance Sheets to our NAV in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity to NAV Stockholders equity under GAAP 1,644,564 Redeemable non-controlling interest 355 Total partners capital of Operating Partnership 
 1,644,919 Adjustments: Organization and offering costs (1) 
 2,118 Accrued stockholder servicing fees (2) 
 43,777 Unrealized net real estate and real estate debt appreciation (3) 
 186,478 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (4) 
 264,735 Straight-line rent receivable (15,134) Net Asset Value 2,126,893 
 (1) The Advisor and its affiliates agreed to advance organization and offering costs on our behalf through December 31, 2018. Organization costs are expensed and offering costs are a component of equity in the form of additional paid-in capital. For NAV, such costs will be recognized as a reduction to NAV as they are reimbursed over 60 months commencing in October 2021, the date the NAV reached 1.0 billion. 
 (2) Accrued stockholder servicing fees represent the accrual for the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee for Class T, Class S and Class D shares. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum stockholder servicing fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold the shares. For purposes of NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. 
 (3) Our investments in real estate are presented under historical cost in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage notes and revolving credit facilities (collectively referred to as Debt are presented at their carrying value in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. As such, any changes in the fair market value of our investments in real estate and Debt are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our investments in real estate and our Debt are recorded at fair value. 
 (4) In accordance with GAAP, we depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV. 
 Limitations and Risks 
 As with any valuation methodology, our methodology is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive a different NAV per share. Accordingly, with respect to our NAV per share, we can provide no assurance that: 
 (1) a stockholder would be able to realize this NAV per share upon attempting to resell his or her shares; 
 (2) we would be able to achieve, for our stockholders, the NAV per share, upon a listing of our shares of common stock on a national securities exchange, selling our real estate portfolio, or merging with another company; or 
 (3) the NAV per share, or the methodologies relied upon to estimate the NAV per share, will be found by any regulatory authority to comply with any regulatory requirements. 
 Furthermore, the NAV per share was calculated as of a particular point in time. The NAV per share will fluctuate over time in response to, among other things, changes in real estate market fundamentals, capital markets activities and attributes specific to the properties and assets within our portfolio. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves significant judgments and assumptions and requires estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may use different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. We consider our accounting policies over investments in real estate and revenue recognition to be our critical accounting estimates. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further descriptions of such critical accounting estimates along with other significant accounting policy disclosures. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table aggregates our contractual obligations and commitments with payments due after September 30, 2024 
 in thousands): Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Indebtedness 560,375 190 420,082 86,659 53,444 Organization and offering costs 2,118 847 1,271 Interest expense (1) 
 52,118 21,316 25,337 3,151 2,314 Ground leases (2) 
 17,716 93 761 776 16,086 Total 632,327 22,446 447,451 90,586 71,844 
 (1) Represents interest expense for our fixed and variable rate mortgages payable, note payable and Credit Facility, with the assumption that the Credit Facility is paid off at maturity. The weighted-average interest rates on each of the Credit Facility and note payable for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 7.02 , respectively. 
 (2) Represents minimum future payments for land under non-cancelable operating and finance leases at a number of our properties expiring in various years through 2070. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our variable-rate indebtedness used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our investment portfolio and operations. An increase in interest rates would directly result in higher interest expense costs. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We may seek to manage or mitigate the exposure to interest risk through interest rate protection agreements to fix or cap a portion of our variable-rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of our variable rate indebtedness was 363.9 million and consisted of our Revolving Facility, DDTL Facility and note payable, all of which are indexed to one-month U.S. dollar-denominated SOFR. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 10 basis point increase in the one-month U.S. dollar-denominated SOFR would have resulted in increased interest expense of approximately 0.3 million. 
 Certain of our mortgage loans are variable and indexed to three-month CIBOR. We have executed interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of 142,452 Danish kroner as of September 30, 2024 to hedge the risk of increasing interest rates. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 10 basis point increase in three-month CIBOR would have resulted in no change to interest expense, net of the impact of our interest rate swaps. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, will not have credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. We had one interest rate contract as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our interest rate contract was 0.5 million, which is included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We may be exposed to currency risks related to our direct international investment, along with our investment in ECF. We may seek to manage or mitigate our risk to the exposure of the effects of currency changes through the use of a wide variety of derivative financial instruments. We did not have any foreign currency derivatives as of September 30, 2024. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Neither we nor the Advisor is currently involved in any material litigation. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed under Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 We have sold Class I shares to feeder vehicles created primarily to hold Class I shares and offer interests in themselves to non-U.S. persons as set forth in the table below. The offer and sale of Class I shares to the feeder vehicles was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S thereunder. 
 Date of Unregistered Sale Number of Class I Common Shares Issued to Feeder Vehicles Consideration July 2024 12,816 150,328 August 2024 54,721 641,878 September 2024 85,258 998,372 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 We have adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. We may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in our discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. The total amount of aggregate repurchases of all classes of shares is limited to no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders per month (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter). Shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year would be repurchased at 95 of the transaction price. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, we may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests and have established limitations on the amount of funds we may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. Further, we may modify, suspend or terminate the share repurchase plan. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts, which represented all of the share repurchase requests received for the same period. 
 Month of: Total Number of Shares Repurchased Repurchases as a Percentage 
 of NAV (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares Pending Repurchase Pursuant to Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 July 2024 1,476,767 0.8269 11.70 1,476,767 August 2024 1,011,284 0.5643 11.67 1,011,284 September 2024 1,162,594 0.6486 11.67 1,162,594 3,650,645 N/M 11.68 3,650,645 
 (1) Represents aggregate NAV of shares repurchased under our share repurchase plan over aggregate NAV of all shares outstanding. in each case, based on the NAV as of the last calendar day of the prior month. 
 (2) All repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan were satisfied. 
 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 5. Other Information. 
 On November 13, 2024, our board of directors approved the renewal of the Advisory Agreement effective as of January 23, 2025 for an additional one-year term expiring January 23, 2026. The terms of the Advisory Agreement otherwise remain unchanged. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed on January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 3.2 
 Articles Supplementary (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 3.3 Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included as Appendix A to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed on October 11, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 Third Amendment to Valuation Services Agreement between Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. and Situs AMC Real Estate Valuation Services, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed on October 11, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Fourth Amendment to Valuation Services Agreement between Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. and Situs AMC Real Estate Valuation Services, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2024. 
 10.3 Revolving Termination Date Extension Notice dated July 1, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 67 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 
 Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael J.L. Sales 
 Michael J.L. Sales Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer By: 
 /s/ Robert J. Redican Robert J. Redican Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Date: November 14, 2024 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nreit-2024930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael J.L. Sales, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date November 14, 2024 By s Michael J.L. Sales Michael J. L. Sales Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nreit-2024930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert J. Redican, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date November 14, 2024 By 
 s Robert J. Redican Robert J. Redican Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nreit-2024930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuveen Global Cities REIT, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael J.L. Sales, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, and I, Robert J. Redican, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date November 14, 2024 By 
 s Michael J.L. Sales 
 Michael J.L. Sales Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board By s Robert J. Redican Robert J. Redican Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nuveen-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nuveen-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nuveen-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nuveen-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nuveen-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

