<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1759186_0001683168-24-007980.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5650908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94297</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1028834</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1394676</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1416514</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1593917</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007980.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113164418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007980
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Coeptis Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001759186
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				981465952
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39669
		FILM NUMBER:		241455145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 BRADFORD ROAD, SUITE 420
		CITY:			WEXFORD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15090
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-934-6467

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 BRADFORD ROAD, SUITE 420
		CITY:			WEXFORD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15090

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bull Horn Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007980.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 coeptis_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transaction period from _______
to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

coeptistx.com 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). x No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 x 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as of November 12, 2024, was . 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS, INC . 

FORM
10-Q 

For the Quarter Ended 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 

Item 1. 
 Unaudited Financial Statements 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated to Financial Statements 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 31 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 31 

SIGNATURES 
 32 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Unaudited Financial Statements 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS
HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Unaudited) 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid assets, current portion 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Furniture and fixtures 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Furniture and fixtures, net 

OTHER ASSETS 

Investments 

Prepaid assets, net of current portion 

Co-development options 

Right of use asset, net of accumulated amortization 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Notes payable, current portion 

Right of use liability, current portion 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Note payable, net of current portion 

Derivative liability warrants 

Right of use liability, non-current portion 

TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 8) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized,
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 SALES 

Sales 

Total sales 

Cost of goods 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development expense 

Salary expense 

Amortization expense 

Professional services expense 

Stock based compensation expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Selling and marketing expense 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

Royalties and licensing fees 

Other income (expense) 

Loss on write down of assets 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability warrants 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME, NET 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES (BENEFIT) 

NET LOSS 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 

LOSS PER SHARE 

Loss per share, basic and fully diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Three and Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

PREFERRED STOCK 
 COMMON STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL PAID-IN 
 SHARES 
 SUBSCRIPTION 
 ACCUMULATED 
 TOTAL COEPTIS 
 NON- 
 CONTROLLING 
 TOTAL 

SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 CAPITAL 
 SUBSCRIBED 
 RECEIVABLE 
 DEFICIT 
 EQUITY 
 INTERESTS 
 EQUITY 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares subscribed for non-employee services 

Warrants issued for services 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2023 

Shares subscribed for non-employee services 

Warrants issued for services 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 

Net loss 

BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2023 

Shares issued for cash 

Shares issued in exchange for subscription receivable 

Shares issued for services 

Warrants issued for services 

Stock based compensation 

Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 

Shares issued for the conversion of debt 

Shares issued in connection with asset purchase agreement 

Net loss 

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

5 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

 (continued) 

PREFERRED STOCK 
 COMMON STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL PAID-IN 
 SHARES 
 SUBSCRIPTION 
 ACCUMULATED 
 TOTAL COEPTIS 
 NON- 
 CONTROLLING 
 TOTAL 

SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 CAPITAL 
 SUBSCRIBED 
 RECEIVABLE 
 DEFICIT 
 EQUITY 
 INTERESTS 
 EQUITY 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Shares issued for non-employee services 

Warrants issued for cash 

Warrants issued for services 

Warrants issued in exchange for note receivable 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2024 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued for the conversion of debt 

Preferred share offering 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2024 

Shares issued for services 

Preferred share offering 

Relief of subscription receivable 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Right of use asset amortization 

Change in fair value of derivative liability warrants 

Stock based compensation 

Shares issued for non-employee services 

Warrants issued for services 

Loss on shares issued for conversion of debt 

Shares issued in connection with asset purchase agreement 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid assets 

Right of use liability 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Increase in subscription receivable in exchange for cash 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Preferred stock offering 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from note payable 

Repayment of notes payable, net of proceeds 

Shares issued for cash 

Warrants issued for cash 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid (refunded) 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH DISCLOSURES 

Warrants issued in exchange for subscriptions receivable 

Preferred stock issued in exchange for subscriptions receivable 

Shares issued for the conversion of debt 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS,
INC. 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 

,
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had a net loss of .
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
with respect to operations include raising additional capital through sales of equity or debt securities as may be necessary to
pursue its business plans and sustain operations until such time as the Company can achieve profitability. Management believes that
additional financing as necessary will result in improved operations and cash flow. However, there can be no assurance that
management will be successful in obtaining additional funding or in attaining profitable operations. 

and , respectively. The note is in default as of September 30, 2024. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company and Vy-Gen-Bio, Inc. Vy-Gen entered into agreements to jointly develop and commercialize two Vy-Gen
product candidates, CD38-GEAR-NK and CD38-Diagnostic (the CD38 Assets ). The Company paid and issued promissory
notes totaling to Vy-Gen in accordance with the agreements. The collaboration arrangement provides the right for the Company
to participate, under the direction of a joint steering committee, in the development and commercialization of the CD38 Assets and a 50/50
profit share, with the profit share subject to contingent automatic downward adjustment up to 25 upon an event of default in connection
with the promissory notes. The Company capitalized to be amortized over a five-year period in which the CD38 Assets are expected
to contribute to future cash flows. In March of 2022, a payment was made toward the promissory notes. In November of 2022, a
 payment was made toward the promissory notes, which paid them in full, and the accrued interest was forgiven. 

The Company made certain judgements
as the basis in determining the accounting treatment of these options. The CD38 Assets represent a platform technology and a diagnostic
tool which have multiple applications and uses. Both projects are intended to be used in more than one therapy or diagnostic option. For
example, GEAR-NK is a technology which allows for the gene editing of human natural killer cells, so that these cells can no longer bind
and be destroyed by targeted monoclonal antibody treatments. The GEAR-NK technology can be modified to work concomitantly with many different
monoclonal antibody treatments in which there are currently over 100 approved by the FDA. Anti- CD38 is only the first class of monoclonal
antibody treatments being developed under the GEAR-NK platform. Therefore, the pursuit of FDA approval for the use of CD38 assets for
at least one indication or medical device approval is at least reasonably expected. Further, as the diagnostic asset may be used as an
in vitro technology, it could be classified as a medical device, and therefore toxicity studies would not be a contingency to be resolved
before reasonably establishing future value assumptions. In addition, there is perceived value in the CD38 assets, based on publicly disclosed
current business deals in cell therapies, the developing market for these innovative technologies, and current interest from third parties
in these technologies. The Company may sell or license its right to another party, with the written consent of Vy-Gen, which cannot be
unreasonably withheld. Furthermore, the Company believes that any negative results from ongoing development of a single therapy or use,
would not result in abandoning the project. Given these considerations, The Company has determined that these options have alternative
future use and should be recorded as assets pursuant to ASC 730-10-25-2, Research and Development . 

Related to the joint
development, the Company, under the direction of the joint steering committee, is assessing market opportunities, intellectual
property protection, and potential regulatory strategies for the CD38 Assets. Vy-Gen is responsible for development activities
conducted and overseen by the scientists at Karolinska Institute. The agreement does not currently require additional payments for
research and development costs by the Company and no additional payments are required upon development or regulatory milestones. 

that was payable on or before the maturity date in February 2023, bearing interest of per annum and convertible
in whole or in part at any time by Purple into shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price is 5 per share of common stock,
subject to certain adjustments under such terms and conditions as agreed between the parties. The Company may prepay the principal amount
of the note plus accrued and unpaid interest at any time prior to the maturity date. On July 14, 2023, the Company and Purple executed
an amendment to revise the note s payment schedule, extending the maturity date to March 31, 2024. On June 19, 2024, the Company
and Purple executed another amendment to extend the maturity date to August 31, 2024. The outstanding principal balance due under the
convertible note at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. The note was in default as of September
30, 2024. 

In October 2022, as a result
of the Merger, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement with an unrelated third party in the principal amount
of 
 with no accruing interest and was due on October 28, 2023 for legal services rendered to the Company. The noteholder may elect,
in its sole discretion upon written notice to the Company, at any time prior to, as of or following the maturity date, to require that
all or any portion of the principal amount not then repaid be converted, without any further action on the part of the noteholder, into
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The conversion price as set forth by the note is equal to 10.00 per share, provided
that the conversion price shall be subject to a one-time adjustment on January 3, 2023, with the conversion price adjustable to a price
equal to the thirty-day volume weighted average price of the stock as traded on the Nasdaq. However, the conversion price following such
adjustment shall not be lower than a floor of 5.00 per share nor greater than 10.00 per share. Upon full conversion of the remaining
principal amount due, the note will, for all purposes be deemed cancelled and all obligations shall be deemed paid in full. On October
27, 2023, a 
 payment was made, and on December 15, 2023, another 
 payment was made. On June 25, 2024, the Company and the unrelated third party signed an amendment to the note that extended the
maturity date to July 31, 2024. The outstanding balance due under the convertible note at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was
 . The note was in default as of September
30, 2024. 

In December 2023, the
Company entered into an unsecured convertible promissory note with an unrelated party in the principal amount of together
with interest at and a maturity date of . On April 24, 2024, the Company converted the note into shares of common
stock, which satisfied the note in full. 

On January 3, 2024, the Company entered
into an unsecured note agreement with an unrelated third party in the principal amount of , which was issued with a 10 original
issue discount. The original principal amount, together with interest of , was payable by the Company on March 15, 2024, and was extended
to . The note had an outstanding principal balance of with of the debt discount fully amortized to interest
expense as of September 30, 2024. The note was in default as of September 30, 2024. On November 1, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with the same unrelated third party that completely
terminates and replaces this note agreement. See Note 13, Subsequent Events, for further details. 

On April 17, 2024, the Company entered
into an unsecured note agreement with a related party in the principal amount of 500,000 together with interest at , with a maturity
date of . The agreement is between the Company and an investment fund where the manager is a member of the Company s
board of directors. On June 3, 2024, the Company and the related party agreed to convert the note agreement in full, both principal and
interest, to equity in connection with the Company s Series A Preferred Stock offering. See Note 5, Capital Structure, for more
information on the Series A Preferred Stock offering. 

Loans under the CARES Act --
On July 8, 2020, the Company received a loan of from the United States Small Business Administration (the SBA under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Company s business. Proceeds are intended to be used for working capital purposes. Interest on the EIDL loan accrues at the rate
of per annum and installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly in the amount of 731. Each payment will
be applied first to interest accrued to the date of receipt of each payment, and the balance, if any, will be applied to principal. Installment
payments have been deferred by the SBA until January 2023. The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the date
of the promissory note. The balance of the loan is , as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Maturities of notes payable are as follows
for the years ended December 31, 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total notes payable 

public warrants (the Public Warrants outstanding that were issued as part of Bull Horn s
November 2020 initial public offering, which warrants are exercisable in the aggregate to acquire 3,750,000 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, (ii) private warrants (the Private Placement Warrants outstanding that
were issued to our sponsor Bull Horn Holdings Sponsor LC and the underwriters in Bull Horn s initial public offering in November
2020, which warrants are exercisable in the aggregate to acquire 3,750,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per
share, The Private Placement Warrants became exercisable on the consummation of our Business Combination in October 2022. No Public Warrants
will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. With respect to the shares of common
stock issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants, the class A warrants and the class B warrants during any period when the Company
shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement related to the issuance of such shares underlying the applicable warrants,
the holder of any applicable warrants may exercise its warrant on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration
under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants
on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

The Company may call the Public Warrants
for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants
for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless
basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. However, except as described above, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price
below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders
of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants only allow the holder thereof to one ordinary share.
Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the
same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Within ASC 815, Derivative and Hedging ,
Section 815-40-15 addresses equity versus liability treatment and classification of equity-linked financial instruments, including warrants,
and states that a warrant may be classified as a component of equity only if, among other things, the warrant is indexed to the issuer s
ordinary share. Under ASC Section 815-40-15, a warrant is not indexed to the issuer s ordinary share if the terms of the warrant
require an adjustment to the exercise price upon a specified event and that event is not an input to the fair value of the warrant. Based
on management s evaluation, the Company s audit committee, in consultation with management, concluded that the Company s
Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants are not indexed to the Company s ordinary share in the manner contemplated by ASC
Section 815-40-15 because the holder of the instrument is not an input into the pricing of a fixed-for-fixed option on equity shares.
In addition, based on management s evaluation, the Company s audit committee, in consultation with management, concluded that
certain warrant provisions preclude equity treatment as by ASC Section 815-10-15. 

The Company accounts for its Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as liabilities as set forth in ASC 815-40-15-7D and 7F. See below for details about the methodology
and valuation of the Warrants. 

The Company follows the guidance
in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

The fair value of the Company s financial assets
and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the
assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs
(market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market
participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based
on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1: 
 
 Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset
or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

Level 2: 
 
 Observable inputs other
 than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted
 prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: 
 Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The following table presents
information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

Total 

The Warrants are accounted
for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis,
with changes in fair value presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Warrants were valued using a binomial
lattice model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The binomial lattice model s primary unobservable input
utilized in determining the fair value of the Warrants is the expected volatility of the ordinary shares. The expected volatility as of
the Initial Public Offering date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies
without an identified target. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public
Warrant price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

The following table provides
quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements: 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Stock price 

The following table presents
the changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities: 

Change in valuation inputs 

Fair value as of March 31, 2024 

Change in valuation inputs 

Fair value as of June 30, 2024 

Change in valuation inputs 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels
in the fair value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

shares of par value shall be
designated as Common Stock and shares of shall be designated as Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock authorized
by the Company s Articles of Incorporation may be issued in one or more series. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is
authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted or imposed upon any wholly unissued
series of Preferred Stock, and within the limitations or restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of
Directors originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series, to increase or decrease (but not below the number of
shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that
series, to determine the designation and par value of any series and to fix the numbers of shares of any series. 

Common Stock - As of September
30, 2024, the Company had shares of its common stock issued and outstanding, and on December 31, 2023, the Company had 
shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, there were capital distributions. 

On June 16, 2023, the Company completed
a public offering issuing 2,150,000 shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants, Series A Warrants and 
Series B Warrants, for net proceeds of approximately .0 million, after offering costs. The pre- funded warrants are immediately exercisable,
at a price of per share, with no expiration date. As of September 30, 2024, all of the pre- funded warrants had been exercised
for a total of shares of common stock issued as a result of the public offering. The Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants
are referred to herein together as the Series Warrants. The shares of common stock and Series Warrants were purchased together
and then immediately separable and were issued separately. Each Series Warrant to purchase one share of common stock has an exercise price
of per share, and is initially exercisable commencing six months from the date of the offering. The Series Warrants are exercisable
for a term of five years following the initial exercise date. 

On October 26, 2023, the Company completed
a private placement of shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants exercisable to acquire up to shares of our common
stock, Series A Warrants exercisable to acquire up to shares of our common stock and Series B Warrants exercisable to acquire
up to shares of our common stock, for net proceeds of approximately million, after offering costs. The pre-funded warrants
are immediately exercisable, at a price of per share, with no expiration date. In December 2023, all pre-funded warrants were exercised.
The Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants are referred to herein together as the Series Warrants. The shares of common
stock and Series Warrants were purchased together and then immediately separable and were issued separately. The Series A Warrants and
Series B Warrants are exercisable on or after the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company s stockholders approve the issuance
of the shares issuable upon exercise of the Series Warrants or (ii) April 26, 2024 at an exercise price of per share. The Series
A Warrants have a term of exercise equal to eighteen months and the Series B Warrants have a term of exercise equal to five and one-half years. This private placement was conducted with the same underwriter as the June public offering, and as a result, each Series
Warrant issued in connection with the June offering was repriced from an exercise price of per share to per share. In connection
with the private placement the Company also issued to the exclusive placement agent warrants exercisable to acquire up to shares
of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, warrant holders 22, 23, and 24. 

On December 28, 2023, the
Company granted pre-funded warrants exercisable to acquire up to shares of our common stock for net proceeds of
 1,200,000. The pre-funded common stock purchase warrants can be exercised at a price of 0.0001 per share, with no expiration date.
During the first quarter of 2024, the Company and the third-party borrower agreed to amend the note as a result of the decline in
the publicly traded common stock price. The amount of pre-funded warrants exercisable to acquire up to 1,200,000 shares of common
stock was amended to 2,000,000 shares of common stock, and the total principal balance of the note agreement was increased from
 1,000,000 to 1,100,000. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant was partially pre-funded in connection with and a
 subscription receivable at a 6 per annum interest rate due on November 29, 2024. On August 12, 2024, the third-party
assigned shares of common stock in a privately held company for the equivalent amount of principal and accrued interest owed as of
June 30, 2024, which satisfied the subscription receivable in full. See Note 7, Investments, for additional information. 

On February 8, 2024, the Company granted
pre-funded warrants exercisable to acquire up to shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 2,400,000. The pre-funded common
stock purchase warrants can be exercised at a price of 0.0001 per share, with no expiration date. The aggregate exercise price of this
Warrant was partially pre-funded in connection with and a subscription receivable at a 6 per annum interest rate
due on December 31, 2024. On August 12, 2024, the third-party assigned shares of common stock in a privately held company for the equivalent
amount of principal and accrued interest owed as of June 30, 2024, which satisfied the subscription receivable in full. See Note 7, Investments,
for additional information. 

Treasury Stock 
There was treasury stock at September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023. 

Preferred Stock 
As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

, an entity controlled by board member Christopher Calise, in a combination of cash and
short- term collateralized promissory notes. The Series A Investors also received non-voting equity ownership interest in the Company s
two newly formed subsidiaries, SNAP Biosciences Inc. and GEAR Therapeutics Inc. 

,
SNAP Biosciences Inc. and GEAR Therapeutics Inc. The Company anticipates holding the final closing in or around the month of November
2024. 

The key terms of the Series A Preferred
Stock are as follows: 

Conversion. Each share of Series
A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder, subject to the beneficial ownership and, if applicable, the primary market
limitations described below, into such number of shares of the Company s common stock as is equal to the number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock to be converted, multiplied by the stated value of (the Stated Value ), divided by the then conversion
price. The initial conversion price is per share of common stock, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends,
and similar transactions. In addition, the Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of the Company s common
stock, subject to the beneficial ownership and, if applicable, the primary market limitations described below upon the consummation of
a fundraising transaction in which the Company raises gross proceeds of at least million. 

Rank . The Series A Preferred
Stock will be senior to the Company s common stock and any other class of the Company s capital stock that is not by its terms
senior to or pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Dividends. The holders of Series
A Preferred Stock will be entitled to dividends equal, on an as-if-converted to shares of the Company s common stock basis (in each
case after applying the beneficial ownership and, if applicable, the primary market limitations described below), to and in the same form
as dividends actually paid on shares of the Company s common stock when, as, and if such dividends are declared on shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Liquidation. In the event of
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
then outstanding will be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, before any
payment shall be made to the holders of the Company s common stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal
to the greater of (i) the Stated Value, plus any dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, or (ii) such amount per share as would have been
payable had all shares of Series A Preferred Stock been converted (in each case after applying the beneficial ownership and, if applicable,
the primary market limitations described below) into the Company s common stock immediately prior to such event. 

Voting. On any matter to be acted
upon or considered by the stockholders of the Company, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on an as
converted basis (after applying the beneficial ownership and primary market limitations described below). 

Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
 The Company will not affect any conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, and a holder will not have the right to receive dividends
or convert any portion of its Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent that prior to the conversion such holder (together with such holder s
affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of the holder s affiliates) beneficially owns less
than 20 of the Company s outstanding common stock and, after giving effect to the receipt of dividends or the conversion, the holder
(together with such holder s affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of the holder s
affiliates) would beneficially own 20 or more of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

Exchange Limitation. Unless
the approval of the Company s stockholders is not required by the applicable rules of Nasdaq for issuances of the Company s
common stock in excess of 19.99 of the outstanding common stock as of June 14, 2024 (the Market Limit ), or unless the Company
has obtained such approval, the Company shall not affect any conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, including, without limitation,
any automatic conversion, and a holder shall not have the right to receive dividends on or convert any portion of the Series A Preferred
Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the receipt of the Company s common stock in connection with such dividends or
conversion, the holder would have received in excess of its pro rata share of the Market Limit. 

Stock Based Compensation 

A summary of the Company s
stock option activity is as follows: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and , respectively, for stock-based compensation expense related
to stock options. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and , respectively,
for stock-based compensation expense related to stock options. As of September 30, 2024, unamortized stock-based compensation for
stock options was to be recognized through December 31, 2027. 

The options granted during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted
average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Options/Stock Awards 
 On June 13, 2024, the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors,
and the Board of Directors, approved the grant to David Mehalick, the Company s CEO, under the Company s 2022 equity incentive
plan, of options exercisable to acquire up to 
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price 
 per share. The options are fully vested and carry a 10-year term. On January 27, 2023, the Company granted options to purchase
an aggregate of 1,357,500 shares of our common stock under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, to various officers, directors, employees
and consultants, at an average exercise price of 1.63 per share. The Company had also granted a stand-alone option to a former employee
to purchase up to 100,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 10 per share, however, the stand-alone option expired by
its terms on January 31, 2024. On October 2, 2023, the Company granted additional options to purchase an aggregate of 300,000 shares
of our common stock to two employees at an average price of 1.07. 

Common Stock Warrants 

On November 23, 2020, Coeptis Therapeutics,
Inc. (under its prior name Vinings Holdings Inc.) issued a class A and a class B warrant to Coral Investment Partners, LP CIP ),
with each warrant granting CIP the right to purchase shares of common stock at a price of for Class A or for Class B. The
warrants expired on . 

All common stock warrants
outstanding, are listed in the table below: 

Warrant Holder 1 

Warrant Holder 1 

Warrant Holder 2 

Warrant Holder 2 

Kitov/Purple Biotech 

Warrant Holder 5 

Warrant Holder 5 

Warrant Holder 6 

Warrant Holder 7 

Warrant Holder 11 

Warrant Holder 11 

Warrant Holder 11 

Warrant Holder 18 

Warrant Holder 20 

Warrant Holder 21 

Series A B Warrants 

Series A Warrants 

Series B Warrants 

Warrant Holder 22 

Warrant Holder 22 

Warrant Holder 23 

Warrant Holder 23 

Warrant Holder 24 

Pre-Funded Warrants 2 

Pre-Funded Warrants 3 

Total Warrants outstanding 

Pre-funded
warrants, do not expire. 

Subscription receivable - In
September 2023, the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock to the borrower for a principal sum amount of . On
August 12, 2024, the Company was transferred and assigned , sum of principal and accrued interest owed as of June 30, 2024, of
stock in another company by the third-party borrower. As a result of this assignment agreement, the subscription receivable is paid in
full, and is recorded as an investment at September 30, 2024. 

In September 2023, the Company
agreed to issue shares of common stock to the borrower for a principal sum amount of . On August 12, 2024, the
Company was transferred and assigned , sum of principal and accrued interest owed as of June 30, 2024, of stock in another
company by the third-party borrower. As a result of this assignment agreement, the subscription receivable is paid in full, and
 is recorded as an investment at September 30, 2024. 

In December
2023, the Company agreed to grant pre-funded warrants exercisable to acquire up to shares of common stock to the borrower
for a principal sum amount of . During the first quarter of 2024, the Company and the third-party borrower agreed to amend
the note as a result of the decline in the publicly traded common stock price. On August 12, 2024, the Company was transferred and assigned
 , sum of principal and accrued interest owed as of June 30, 2024, of stock in another company by the third-party borrower.
As a result of this assignment agreement, the subscription receivable is paid in full, and is recorded as an investment
at September 30, 2024. 

In February 2024, the
Company agreed to grant pre-funded warrants exercisable to acquire up to 
 shares of common stock to the borrower for a principal sum amount of .
On August 12, 2024, the Company was transferred and assigned ,
sum of principal and accrued interest owed as of June 30, 2024, of stock in another company by the third-party borrower. As a result
of this assignment agreement, the subscription receivable is paid in full, and 
 is recorded as an investment at September 30, 2024. 

In June 2024, in connection with the Company s
series A preferred stock offering, the Company closed on subscription agreements totaling 2,100,000 due to the Company on February 28,
2025. 

of non-controlling interest at September 30, 2024. The remainder was recorded as additional paid in capital. No assets have been
contributed to SNAP Biosciences Inc. as of September 30, 2024. 

million of subscription receivables in the form of shares of common stock in two privately held companies. The shares of common
stock are carried as investments on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets at its initial cost basis of
 
per share. As the investments are in privately held companies, the Company will assess the investments for impairment on an annual
basis. 

for the first year of the extension and increasing to for the second year
of the extension. 

The Company records rent expense
associated with this lease on the straight-line basis in conjunction with the terms of the underlying lease. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024, rents paid totaled 
 and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, rents paid totaled and , respectively. 

Future minimum rental payments
required under the lease are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Total minimum lease payments: 

Less amount representing interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments: 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company
had recorded a right of use asset of , and current and non-current lease liabilities of and , respectively. 

Legal Matters 
The Company is currently not a defendant in any litigation or threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the
Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CAR T License On
August 31, 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with the University of Pittsburgh for certain intellectual property
rights related to the universal self-labeling SynNotch and CARs for programable antigen-targeting technology platform. The Company paid
the University of Pittsburgh a non-refundable fee in the amount of 75,000 for the exclusive patent rights to the licensed technology.
Under the terms of the agreement, the Company has been assigned the worldwide development and commercialization rights to the licensed
technology in the field of human treatment of cancer with antibody or antibody fragments using SNAP-CAR T-cell technology, along with
(i) an intellectual property portfolio consisting of issued and pending patents and (ii) options regarding future add-on technologies
and developments. In consideration of these rights, the Company paid an initial license fee of , and will have , as well as developmental milestone payments (as defined in the agreement) and royalties equal
to 3.5 of net sales. On January 25, 2023, the Company entered into a corporate research agreement with the University of Pittsburgh for
the pre- clinical development of SNAP-CAR T-cells targeting HER2. The Company agreed to pay 716,714 for performance-based milestones
over a two-year term, of which 179,179 has been paid as of September 30, 2024. 

In September 2023, the Company expanded
its exclusive license agreement with the University of Pittsburgh to include SNAP-CAR technology platform in natural killer (NK) cells.
The Company paid to amend the agreement. 

Deverra Therapeutics, Inc. 
On August 16, 2023, the Company entered into an exclusive licensing arrangement (the License Agreement with Deverra Therapeutics
Inc. Deverra ), pursuant to which the Company completed the exclusive license of key patent families and related intellectual
property related to a proprietary allogeneic stem cell expansion and directed differentiation platform for the generation of multiple
distinct immune effector cell types, including natural killer (NK) and monocyte/macrophages. The License Agreement provides the Company
with exclusive rights to use the license patents and related intellectual property in connection with development and commercialization
efforts in the defined field of use (the Field of (a) use of unmodified NK cells as anti-viral therapeutic for viral infections,
and/or as a therapeutic approach for treatment of relapsed/refractory AML and high-risk MDS; (b) use of Deverra s cell therapy platform
to generate NK cells for the purpose of engineering with Coeptis SNAP-CARs and/or Coeptis GEAR Technology; and (c) use of Deverra s
cell therapy platform to generate myeloid cells for the purpose of engineering with the Company s current SNAP-CAR and GEAR technologies.
In support of the exclusive license, the Company also entered into with Deverra (i) an asset purchase agreement (the APA pursuant to which the Company purchased certain assets from Deverra, including but not limited to two Investigational New Drug (IND) applications
and two Phase 1 clinical trial stage programs (NCT04901416, NCT04900454) investigating infusion of DVX201, an unmodified natural killer
(NK) cell therapy generated from pooled donor CD34+ cells, in hematologic malignancies and viral infections and (ii) a non-exclusive sublicense
agreement (the Sublicense Agreement ), in support of the assets obtained by the exclusive license, pursuant to which the
Company sublicensed from Deverra certain assets which Deverra has rights to pursuant a license agreement FHCRC Agreement by and between Deverra and The Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center FHCRC ). 

As consideration for the
transactions described above, the Company paid Deverra approximately in cash, issued to Deverra shares of the
Company s common stock and assumed certain liabilities related to the ongoing clinical trials. Total consideration paid was
 4,937,609, which was fully expensed in accordance with ASC 730, and is reflected within research and development in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, in accordance with the terms of
the Sublicense Agreement, the Company agreed to pay FHCRC certain specified contingent running royalty payments and milestone
payments under the FHCRC Agreement, in each case to the extent such payments are triggered by the Company s development
activities. 

On October 26, 2023, the Company entered
into a Shared Services Agreement SSA with Deverra, in accordance with requirements set forth in the APA. Under the terms
of the SSA, Coeptis and Deverra will share resources and collaborate to further the development of Coeptis GEAR and SNAP-CAR platforms,
as well as the purchased and licensed assets under the License Agreement and APA. The SSA expires on October 26, 2024. 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into on October 29, 2020, the holders of the founder shares, the Private Placement Warrants and underlying securities, and any
securities issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and underlying securities) would be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement. The holders of at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding number of these securities
were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation
of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Imperial, I-Bankers and Northland did not exercise their demand and piggyback 
registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of the registration statement and did not exercise its
demand rights on more than one occasion. The registration rights agreement did not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement
provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company would bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

employer contributions were made. 

income tax expense or benefit was recognized. The Company s deferred tax assets
are comprised primarily of net operating loss carryforwards. The Company maintains a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets
since it has not yet achieved sustained profitable operations. As a result, the Company has not recorded any income tax benefit since
its inception. 

. Any advances are at the sole discretion of the Company. The outstanding unpaid
principal balance of the note bears interest at per annum and is due and payable on the maturity date, . 

In the event that a certain business
transaction between the Lender and Borrower as contemplated by that certain binding term sheet dated April 13, 2023, and referenced in
Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, is consummated prior to the maturity date, the full amounts due under this note shall be applied
against the cash portion of any closing payment due from the Lender in connection with such transaction and any excess amounts under this
note shall be treated as additional purchase price in connection with the transaction. 

As of September 30, 2023, and in relation
to the Deverra asset purchase referenced in Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, of principal and of interest were applied
against the cash portion of the closing payment with the Company in connection with such transaction. The note is considered paid in full. 

shares of common stock of the Company AG Shares to AG, in exchange for 600,000,
consisting of 
payable in cash and the balance payable under a promissory note AG Note ). The principal amount including all interest
under the AG Note is due and payable by AG no later than August 30, 2024 (the AG Maturity Date ). The outstanding
unpaid principal balance of the AG Note bears interest commencing as of the Company s next registration statement at the rate
of six (6 percent per annum, which interest rate will increase to eighteen (18 percent per annum in the event an event of
default occurs under the AG Note, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days. AG has the
option of repaying the obligations under the AG Note in advance of the AG Maturity Date, in whole or in part, at any time upon at
least thirty (30) days prior written notice delivered to the Company. AG has certain obligations to contribute the proceeds of the
sale of its AG Shares to the Company, in the event that any AG Shares are sold prior to the AG Maturity Date. On August 12, 2024, AG transferred and assigned to the Company, the sum of principal and accrued interest
owed as of June 30, 2024, of stock in another company. As a result of this assignment agreement, the AG Note is considered paid in full,
and is recorded as an investment at September 30, 2024. 

At any time while the SEPA is in place that there
is a balance outstanding under the Yorkville Note, Yorkville may deliver to the Company a notice (an Investor Notice to
the Company to cause an Advance Notice to be deemed delivered to Yorkville and the issuance and sale of shares of Common Stock to Yorkville
pursuant to an Advance. Yorkville may select the amount of the Advance in an amount not to exceed the balance owed under the Yorkville
Note outstanding on the date of delivery of such Investor Notice. The shares will be issued and sold to Yorkville pursuant to an Investor
Notice at a per share price equal to the conversion price that would be applicable to the amount of the Advance selected by Yorkville
if such amount were to be converted as of the date of delivery of the Investor Notice. Yorkville will pay the purchase price for such
shares to be issued pursuant to the Investor Notice by offsetting the amount of the purchase price to be paid by Yorkville against an
amount outstanding under the Yorkville Note. 

Additionally, the Company, at its option, shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem early a portion or all amounts outstanding under the Promissory Notes at a redemption
amount equal to the outstanding principal balance being repaid or redeemed, plus a 5 prepayment premium, plus all accrued and unpaid
interest; provided that (i) the Company provides Yorkville with no less than ten trading days prior written notice thereof and
(ii) on the date such notice is issued, the VWAP of the common stock is less than the Fixed Price. 

24 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

As discussed
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, pursuant to the Merger, we acquired our primary operating subsidiary Coeptis Therapeutics,
Inc. The Merger was accounted for as a reverse merger, and Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc. was deemed to be the accounting acquirer
in the Merger. Consequently, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows discussed in this Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discussed below are those of Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. When we use words in this section like we, us , our, the Company 
and words of the like, unless otherwise indicated, we are referring to the operations of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Coeptis
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Report contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 12E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including
or related to our future results, certain projections and business trends. Assumptions relating to forward-looking statements involve
judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of
which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. When used in this Report, the words
 estimate, project, intend, believe, expect and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate, and we may not realize the results contemplated by the forward-looking statement.
Management decisions are subjective in many respects and susceptible to interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual experience
and business developments, the impact of which may cause us to alter our business strategy or capital expenditure plans that may, in turn,
affect our results of operations. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included in this
Report, you should not regard the inclusion of such information as our representation that we will achieve any strategy, objective or
other plans. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report speak only as of the date of this Report as stated on the front cover,
and we have no obligation to update publicly or revise any of these forward-looking statements. These and other statements which are not
historical facts are based largely on management s current expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. These risks
and uncertainties include, among others, the failure to successfully develop a profitable business, delays in identifying customers, and
the inability to retain a significant number of customers, as well as the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors 
section to our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

When we use words like we, 
 us , our, the Company and words of the like, unless otherwise indicated, we are referring to
the operations of us and our wholly-owned subsidiaries Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc. and Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., SNAP Biosciences, Inc. and GEAR Therapeutics, Inc. Coeptis ). 

Objective 

The objective of our Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is to provide users of our financial statements with the following: 

A narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results; 

Useful context to the financial statements; and 

Information that allows assessment of the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance. 

Our MD A is provided as a supplement to, and
should be read together with, our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

25 

Company History 

General . The Company was
originally incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on November 27, 2018 under the name Bull Horn Holdings Corp. On October 27, 2022,
Bull Horn Holdings Corp. domesticated from the British Virgin Islands to the State of Delaware. On October 28, 2022, in connection with
the closing of the Merger, the Company changed its corporate name from Bull Horn Holdings Corp. to Coeptis Therapeutics Holdings,
Inc. 

The Merger Transaction . On
October 28, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bull Horn Holdings Corp., merged with and into Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc., with Coeptis
Therapeutics, Inc. as the surviving corporation of the Merger. As a result of the Merger, the Company acquired the business of Coeptis
Therapeutics, Inc., which now continues its existing business operations as the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. 

About the Company s Subsidiaries . The Company
now operates through its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc., Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Coeptis
Pharmaceuticals, LLC. 

Issuance under
Merger Transaction . Simultaneously with the closing of the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Coeptis
Therapeutics, Inc. common stock (including the shares of common stock underlying Coeptis series B preferred stock) converted,
on a 2.96851721 for 1 basis, into shares of our Common Stock. As of the Merger, there were no Coeptis options outstanding, and there
were warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 4,642,500 shares of Coeptis common stock at an average exercise price of 2.67
per share, which warrants converted on the closing of the Merger into warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,563,912 shares of our
common stock at an average exercise price of 7.93 per share. 

On the closing of the Merger, the
former Coeptis common stock was exchanged for the right to receive 17,270,079 shares of our common stock (including 2,694,948 shares of
common stock issued in exchange for the Coeptis series B preferred stock issued and outstanding). Our common stockholders before the Merger
retained 2,246,760 shares of our common stock. As a result, immediately following the closing of the Merger, Coeptis former stockholders
and our then existing stockholders held approximately 88 and 12 , respectively, of the total combined voting power of all classes of
our stock entitled to vote. 

As discussed in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, the Merger was treated as a recapitalization of the Company, and was accounted for as a reverse merger, and Coeptis
was deemed to be the acquirer in the reverse merger. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will
be reflected in the financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of Coeptis, and the condensed consolidated financial statements
after completion of the Merger will include the assets and liabilities of Coeptis, historical operations of Coeptis and operations of
Coeptis from the closing of the Merger. 

Company History of Coeptis Therapeutics,
Inc. 

Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, LLC was formed
on July 12, 2017 as a Pennsylvania multi-member limited liability company. On December 1, 2018, the members of LLC contributed their interest
to a newly formed corporation, Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. As of December 1, 2018, the LLC became a disregarded single-member limited
liability company which is wholly owned by the newly formed corporation. On February 12, 2021, Vinings Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Vinings ), merged (the Merger with and into Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. On July 12, 2021, the company has
legally changed its name from Vinings Holdings, Inc. to Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc. Coeptis was the surviving corporation of that Merger.
As a result of the Merger, Vinings acquired the business of Coeptis and will continue the existing business operations of Coeptis as a
wholly owned subsidiary. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization of the Company for financial accounting purposes. The historical
financial statements of Vinings before the Merger were replaced with the historical financial statements of Coeptis before the Merger
in all future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

26 

Overview and Outlook 

We are a pharmaceutical company which
owns, acquires, and develops drug products and pharmaceutical technologies which offer improvements to current therapies. Our products
and technologies are intended to be commercialized in the US and worldwide markets. Since our inception in 2017, it has acquired and commercialized
two drug products for the US market, which were approved as 505b2 applications. These anti-hypertension products were launched into the
US market during 2020 through a marketing partner. At launch, the sales and promotional efforts were significantly impeded by the limitation
of the global pandemic and as such, we have since abandoned all activities and ownership pertaining to both products. We also began the
development of several ANDA products which we divested in 2019 to a larger generic pharmaceutical drug manufacturer, and have moved away
from focusing on the commercialization of generic products. In early 2021, we entered into strategic partnerships to co-develop improved
therapies for the auto-immune and oncology markets. Following the reverse merger transaction, we continue to focus on identifying and
investing resources into innovative products and technologies which we believe will significantly transform our current products and therapies. 

During 2020 and continuing through 2021,
we faced several operational challenges related to the COVID-19 global pandemic, which we continue to work to overcome. The launch of
both 505b2 products was impacted because of various COVID-19 limitations, most notably field sales personnel were not able to make healthcare
provider visits in person; thereby limiting the awareness of the availability of these products. We explored and implemented several non-personal
promotion efforts, but given the global limitations and dynamics, it was challenging to achieve expected sales. We have since abandoned
all activities and ownership pertaining to both products. 

In May 2021, we entered into two exclusive
option agreements (the CD38 Agreements relating to separate technologies designed to improve the treatment of CD38-related
cancers (e.g., multiple myeloma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and acute myeloid leukemia) with VyGen-Bio, Inc. Vy-Gen ),
a majority-owned subsidiary of Vycellix, Inc., a Tampa, Florida-based private, immuno-centric discovery life science company focused on
the development of transformational platform technologies to enhance and optimize next-generation cell and gene-based therapies, including
T cell and Natural Killer NK cell-based cancer therapies. 

The CD38 Agreements relate to two separate Vy-Gen drug product
candidates, as follows: 

CD38-GEAR-NK .
This Vy-Gen drug product candidate is designed to protect CD38+ NK cells from destruction by anti-CD38 monoclonal antibodies, or mAbs.
CD38-GEAR-NK is an autologous, NK cell-based therapeutic that is derived from a patient s own cells and gene-edited to enable combination
therapy with anti-CD38 mAbs. We believe CD38-GEAR-NK possesses the potential to minimize the risks and side effects from CD38-positive
NK cell fratricide. 

Market
Opportunity . We believe CD38-GEAR-NK could potentially revolutionize how CD38-related cancers are treated, by protecting CD38+ NK
cells from destruction by anti-CD38 mAbs, thereby promoting the opportunity to improve the treatment of CD38-related cancers, including
multiple myeloma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and acute myeloid leukemia. 

Multiple myeloma
is the first cancer indication targeted with CD38-GEAR-NK. The global multiple myeloma market was 19.48B in 2018 and is expected to reach
 31B by 2026 [Source: Fortune Business Reports]. 

CD38-Diagnostic .
This Vy-Gen product candidate is an in vitro diagnostic tool to analyze if cancer patients might be appropriate candidates for anti-CD38
mAb therapy. CD38-Diagnostic is an in vitro screening tool that provides the ability to pre-determine which cancer patients are most likely
to benefit from targeted anti-CD38 mAb therapies, either as monotherapy or in combination with CD38-GEAR-NK. CD38-Diagnostic also has
the potential to develop as a platform technology beyond CD38, to identify patients likely to benefit for broad range of mAb therapies
across myriad indications. 

27 

Market Opportunity .
We believe CD38-Diagnostic provides opportunity to make more cost-effective medical decisions for the treatment of B cell malignancies
with high CD38 expression, including multiple myeloma, which may help to avoid unnecessary administration of anti-CD38 therapies. CD38-Diagnostic
could prevent patients from being subjected to ineffective therapy and enable significant savings to healthcare systems. 

CD38-Diagnostic
could be offered as a companion diagnostic for determining patient suitability and likelihood of positive treatment outcomes for CD38-GEAR-NK
and/or CD38 monoclonal antibody therapies. 

On September 28,
2023, we received FDA s response to our 513(g) request for information submission pertaining to the classification of the CD38-Diagnostic.
The CD38-Diagnostic has been designated a Class II type device. The confirmation of this classification is beneficial as we re now
better able to plan for and execute future development activities. 

GEAR-NK Product
Overview . GEAR-NK is an autologous, gene-edited, natural killer cell-based therapeutic development platform that allows for modified
NK cells to be co-administered with targeted mAbs, which, in the absence of the GEAR-NK, would otherwise be neutralized by mAb therapy. 

In May 2021, we
made initial payments totaling 750,000 under the CD38 Agreements, to acquire the exclusive options to acquire co-development rights with
respect to CD38-GEAR-NK and CD38-Diagnostic. On August 15, 2021, we entered into amendments to each of the CD38 Agreements. In connection
with the two amendments, we delivered to VyGen promissory notes aggregating 3,250,000 with maturity dates of December 31, 2021, and made
a cash payment of 1,000,000, upon which cash payment we exercised the two definitive option purchase agreements. In December 2021, we
completed our payment obligations to secure the 50 ownership interest in the CD38-Diagnostic, and subsequently in November 2022 we completed
our purchase of the 50 ownership interest for the CD38-GEAR-NK product candidate. Details of the two August amendments and the December
amendment are summarized in the amendments attached at Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 19, 2021 and
Exhibits 4.2 to the our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 2021. 

In connection with
the Vy-Gen relationship and the Company s ownership in the two product candidates described above, in December 2021 the Company
and Vy-Gen entered into a co-development and steering committee agreement. The co-development and steering committee agreement provides
for the governance and economic agreements between the Company and Vy-Gen related of the development of the two Vy-Gen drug product candidates
and the revenue sharing related thereto, including each company having a 50 representation on the steering committee and each company
receiving 50 of the net revenues related to the Vy-Gen product candidates. Details of the co-development and steering committee agreement
are summarized in our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 2021, including Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 thereto. 

Vici Health
Sciences, LLC . In 2019, we entered into a co-development agreement with Vici Health Sciences, LLC Vici ). Through
this partnership, we would co-develop, seek FDA approval and share ownership rights with Vici to CPT60621, a novel, ready to use, easy
to swallow, oral liquid version of an already approved drug used for the treatment of Parkinson s Disease (PD). As we continue to
direct its operational focus towards the Vy-Gen opportunities previously described, we have recently stopped allocating priority resources
to the development of CPT60621. We are currently in negotiations in which Vici intends to buy-out most or all of our remaining ownership
rights. 

Our Results of Operations 

Revenue . To date, we have
generated minimal revenue mostly from consulting arrangements and product sales. Due to the COVID-19 global pandemic and the resulting
market dynamics, it is uncertain if the current marketed products can generate sufficient sales to cover expenses. 

Operating Expenses. General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for personnel and professional fees for consulting services
related to regulatory, pharmacovigilance, quality, legal, and business development. We expect that our general and administrative expenses
will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support the business growth. We also anticipate that we will incur increased
accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance, insurance, and investor relation expenses associated with operating as a public company. 

Research and development
costs will continue to be dependent on the strategic business collaborations and agreements will are anticipating in the future. We
expect development costs to increase to support our new strategic initiatives. 

28 

Comparison of the three months ended September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023 

Revenues.
 Revenues, which were 0 and 0 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, continue to be minimal.
The Company s activities primarily include product development, raising capital, and building infrastructure. Management does not
expect the Company to generate any significant revenue for at least the next two years, during which time drug development will continue
toward the goal of commercializing, through a partnership or otherwise, one or more of the Company s target products or technologies. 

Operating
Expenses 

Overview.
 Operating expenses decreased from 7,901,220 in the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 2,141,789 in the three months ended
September 30, 2024. The decrease is mainly due to lower professional services expense related to equity transactions. 

General and
Administrative Expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, general and administrative expenses are included
in operating expenses. All costs incurred can be attributed to the planned principal operations of product development, raising capital,
and building infrastructure. 

Interest
Expense. Interest expense was 19,800 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and was 50,926 for the three months
ended September 30, 2024. Interest was related to notes payable, which are discussed in detail in the notes to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference herein. 

Comparison of the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 

Revenues. 
Revenues, which were 0 and 0 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, continue to be minimal. The Company s
activities primarily include product development, raising capital, and building infrastructure. Management does not expect the Company
to generate any significant revenue for at least the next two years, during which time drug development will continue toward the goal
of commercializing, through a partnership or otherwise, one or more of the Company s target products or technologies. 

Overview. Operating
expenses decreased from 18,125,156 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 7,892,274 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
The decrease is mainly due to lower professional services expense related to equity transactions. 

General and Administrative
Expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, general and administrative expenses are included in operating
expenses. All costs incurred can be attributed to the planned principal operations of product development, raising capital, and building
infrastructure. 

Interest Expense. 
Interest expense was 93,853 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and was 317,487 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
Interest was related to notes payable, which are discussed in detail in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements,
incorporated by reference herein. 

Financial Resources and
Liquidity. The Company had limited financial resources during the year ended December 31, 2023 with cash and cash equivalents
of 1,469,134. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents decreased to 1,137,453, primarily as a result
of cash paid for general corporate purposes. During both these time periods, the Company continues to operate a minimal infrastructure
in order to maintain its ability to fund operations, keep full focus on all product development targets and to stay current with all of
the Company s scientist consultants, legal counsel, and accountants. David Mehalick, our President and Chief Executive Officer,
Colleen Delaney, our Chief Scientific and Medical Officer, and Daniel A. Yerace, our Vice President of Operations, all agreed to waive
their rights to a 2023 guaranteed bonus payment under their respective employment agreements to further maintain our ability to fund operations.
During 2024, the Company believes that the ability to raise capital through equity transactions will increase liquidity and enable the
execution of management s operating strategy. 

29 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The Company is a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information under this Item. 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, with the participation of our
chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer) evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon
that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure
controls and procedures were operating effectively. 

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K contains information
regarding a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. For example, the Company lacked
adequate segregation of duties which led to situations where individuals had access to both initiate and approve transactions with no
additional formal review process. This material weakness was self-diagnosed, and was not issued by our independent auditors, Turner, Stone
 Company, LLP. Management believes that as a result of actions taken by the Company, our internal controls over financial reporting
are operating effectively as of September 30, 2024. 

30 

PART II OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information
set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future
results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

All prior sales of unregistered securities
have been properly disclosed in prior SEC filing. 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of
Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are attached hereto or incorporated by
reference herein (numbered to correspond to Item 601(a) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission) and
are filed as part of this Form 10-Q: 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer . Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of President, Principal Financial Officer . Filed herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer . Filed herewith. 
 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer . Filed herewith. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
 XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 

Registrant 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ David Mehalick 

David Mehalick Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Brian Cogley 

Brian Cogley 
 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 coeptis_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Mehalick, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ David Mehalick 

David Mehalick 

Chief Executive Officer, and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 coeptis_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brian Cogley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of COEPTIS THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Brian Cogley 

Brian Cogley 

Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 coeptis_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ David Mehalick 

David Mehalick 

Chief Executive Officer, and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 coeptis_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Brian Cogley 

Brian Cogley 

Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 coep-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 coep-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 coep-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 coep-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

