<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1085277_0001663577-24-000294.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2591047</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56882</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>586227</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>617540</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>536338</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>743812</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-24-000294.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119103225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-24-000294
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SKINVISIBLE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001085277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				880344219
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25911
		FILM NUMBER:		241473778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6320 S SANDHILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		UNIT 9
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-433-7154

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6320 S SANDHILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		UNIT 9
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SKINVISIBLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-24-000294.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 skvi10q3_093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Skinvisible, Inc. - Form 10-Q - September 30, 2024 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

. 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 

_______________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

State the number of shares outstanding of each of
the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 common shares as of November 14, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1: 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 
 Item 2: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 Item 3: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 10 
 
 Item 4: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 10 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1: 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 2: 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 11 
 
 Item 3: 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 11 
 
 Item 5: 
 Other Information 
 11 
 
 Item 6: 
 Exhibits 
 11 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 

Our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q
are as follows: 

F-1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited); 

F-2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited); 

F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Deficit) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited); 

F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited); 

F-5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and the SEC instructions
to Form 10-Q. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating
results for the interim period ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the full
year. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

September
 30, 2024 
 December
 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Due from
 related party 

Prepaid
 expense and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Patents
 and trademarks, net 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued
 interest payable 

Loans
 from related party 

Loans
 payable 

Convertible
 notes payable, net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively 

Derivative
 liability 

Total
 current liabilities 

Convertible
 notes payable related party, net of unamortized discount of and respectively 

Convertible
 notes payable 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' deficit 

Common
 stock; par
 value; shares
 authorized; and
 shares
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shares payable 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders' deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See
Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
 INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three
 months ended 
 Nine
 months ended 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 
 September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross
 profit 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Selling
 general and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from
 operations 

Other income and (expense) 

Interest
 expense 

Gain/(loss)
 on change in derivative liability 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Net
 income (loss) 

Basic
 income (loss) per common share 

Fully
 diluted income (loss) per common share 

Basic weighted average
 common shares outstanding 

Fully diluted weighted
 average common shares outstanding 

See
Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
 INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Shares
 Payable 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance, March
 31, 2024 

Units issued for cash 

Net
 loss 

Balance, June 30,
 2024 

Units issued for cash 

Net
 loss 

Balance, September
 30, 2024 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Net
 loss 

Balance, March
 31, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance, June 30,
 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance, September
 30, 2023 

See
Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE,
 INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Nine
 months ended 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash
 provided (used) by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Gain/(loss)
 on change in derivative liability 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease
 (Increase) in prepaid assets 

Increase
 (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Decrease
 in due from related party 

Increase
 in accrued interest 

Net cash
 provided used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Purchase
 of intangible assets 

Net cash
 used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Proceeds
 on related party loans 

Repayment on
 related party loans 

Payments
 on convertible notes payable 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of
 cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for tax 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Accrued
 salary settled with Convertible notes payable related party 

See
Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

SKINVISIBLE, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

on , under the name of Microbial Solutions, Inc. The Company underwent a name change on February 26, 1999, when it
changed its name to Skinvisible, Inc. The Company s subsidiary s name of Manloe Labs, Inc. was also changed to Skinvisible
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Skinvisible, Inc., together with its subsidiaries,
shall herein be collectively referred to as the Company. 

. The Company has also incurred cumulative net losses of since its inception and requires capital
for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. These factors, among others, raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date of filing. 

Managements plans for the Company are to generate
the necessary funding through licensing of its core products and to seek additional debt and equity funding. However, the Company s
ability to generate the necessary funds through licensing or raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock or
debt is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations,
and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The consolidated
financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

since the stated
rate of interest approximates market rates. 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company utilizes a fair value hierarchy based on
three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable. 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. These are typically obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. The Company uses Level 1 measurements to value the transactions when it issues shares, warrants, options and debt with beneficial conversion features. 

Level 2 Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices included for identical or similar assets and liabilities that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. These are typically obtained from readily available pricing sources for comparable instruments. The Company did not rely on any Level 2 measurements for any of its transactions in the periods included in these financial statements. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs, where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability. These inputs reflect the reporting entity s own beliefs about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, based on the best information available in the circumstances. The Company did not rely on any Level 3 measurements for any of its transactions in the periods included in these financial statements. 

additional shares issuable in connection with outstanding convertible debts as
of September 30, 2024. 

, net of of accumulated amortization. 

Amortization expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. License and distributor rights were acquired by the Company in
January 1999 and provide exclusive use distribution of polymers and polymer based products. The Company has a non-expiring term on the
license and distribution rights. Accordingly, the Company annually assesses this license and distribution rights for impairment and has
determined that no impairment write-down is considered necessary as of September 30, 2024. 

and and repaid and to related parties. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company had amounts due from related parties of and , respectively. 

Convertible Notes Related Party 

On January 31, 2023, the Company renegotiated accrued
salaries, vacation, and outstanding convertible notes for its two officers. Under the terms of the agreements, all outstanding notes totaling
 , accrued salaries of , accrued vacation of were converted to promissory notes convertible into common stock
with a warrant feature. The convertible promissory notes are unsecured, due from issuance, and bear an interest rate of .
 . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of the note was 
and , respectively. 

notes payable to nineteen investors and received proceeds of . The notes
were due two years from the anniversary date of execution. The Notes are secured by the US Patent rights granted for the Company's
Sunscreen Products: US patent number #8,128,913: "Sunscreen Composition with Enhanced UV-A Absorber Stability and Methods. 

As of September 30, 2024, of
the outstanding notes payable are past due and in default and have been classified as current notes payable. 

face value secured notes payable to investors, due in 2015. At the investor s option until the repayment date, the note and related interest may be converted to shares of the Company s common stock a discount of of the current share price after the first anniversary of the note. The notes are secured by the accounts receivable of a license agreement the Company has with Womens Choice Pharmaceuticals, LLC on its proprietary prescription product, ProCort . The notes have reached maturity and are now in default, under the notes default provisions the entire balance is now due upon demand. 

Original issue discount 

Unamortized debt discount 

Total, net of unamortized discount 

On June 30, 2019, the Company renegotiated accrued salaries and interest and outstanding convertible notes for a former employee. Under the terms of the agreements, all outstanding notes totaling , accrued interest of , accrued salaries of and accrued vacation of were converted to a promissory note convertible into common stock with a warrant feature. The convertible promissory note is unsecured, due from issuance, and bears an interest rate of . The Company has determined the value associated with the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the notes to be as valued under the intrinsic value method. The aggregate beneficial conversion feature has been accreted and charged to interest expenses in the amount of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Unamortized debt discount 

Total, net of unamortized discount 

face value secured notes payable to investors, due in 2025. . 

Total Convertible Notes 

Current portion: 

Total long-term convertible notes 

and a royalty percentage on all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain
situations. The agreement also requires that Quoin make certain milestone payments to Skinvisible upon achieving regulatory approval milestones
for certain drug products. 

of the license fee is not paid by December 31, 2019 and if the
full License Fee is not paid by March 31, 2020 . No payments were made by Quoin and the agreement was terminated on December 31, 2019.
Both Parties subsequently determined that they continue to see the value in a partnership and therefore on May 8, 2020 and again on July
31, 2020 the companies agreed to extend the Exclusive License Agreement, as amended under the same terms to expire on September 30, 2020 and
on January 27, 2021 the companies agreed to revise the milestone payments due under the agreement and to extend the agreement indefinitely. 

On
June 14, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to change the terms of the license Fee as shown below. 

As
partial consideration for the rights conveyed by Skinvisible under this Agreement, Licensee agrees to pay to Skinvisible a one-time, non-refundable,
non-creditable license issue fee of one million USD dollars ). 

On
February 3, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement with Ovation Science Inc. pursuant to which Skinvisible granted to Ovation Science
Inc. a license for the manufacture and distribution rights to its hand sanitizer product, DermSafe. In exchange for the license, Ovation
Science Inc. agreed to pay to Skinvisible a royalty percentage on all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain
situations plus a license fee payable in year 3 of the agreement if it chooses to continue the license. On June 10, 2020, the agreement
was further amended to provide additional assignment rights for its hand sanitizer products in exchange for . 

shares
of par value common stock. The Company had and issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

warrant 
exercisable at 
 for
 . 

warrant exercisable at 
for .
As of September 30, 2024, the shares have not been issued and have been included in Stock payable. 

F- 10 

 Table of Contents 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements 

This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans and objectives for our
future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should ,
 expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts ,
 potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are
only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk
Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation: 

the
 uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; 

legislative
 or regulatory changes concerning skincare research and therapies; 

risks
 related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms
 to continue as going concern; 

risks
 related to our operations and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy;

changes
 in economic conditions; 

uncertainty
 with respect to intellectual property rights, protecting those rights and claims of infringement
 of other s intellectual property; 

competition;
 and 

cybersecurity
 concerns. 

This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect any
of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully, including those contained in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K under Risk Factors for the year ended December 31, 2023, and readers should not place undue reliance on our
forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date
the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions
or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the
securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to
actual results. 

Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US and
are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Company Overview 

We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Skinvisible
Pharmaceuticals Inc., are a pharmaceutical research and development R D company that has developed and patented an
innovative polymer delivery system, Invisicare and formulated over forty topical skin products, which we out-license globally. We
were incorporated in 1998 and target an estimated 80 billion global skincare and dermatology market and a 30 billion global over-the-counter
market as well as other healthcare / medical and consumer goods markets. The Company is also exploring new opportunities in large medical
markets outside of the dermatology market such as obesity and other potential markets where a topical or transdermal solution would be
a viable alternative. 

With the research and development complete on
forty products and numerous patents issued (technology and product patents), we are ready to monetize our investment. Our business model
will continue to be to out-license our patented prescription and over-the-counter OTC products featuring Invisicare to
established manufacturers and marketers of brands internationally and to maximize profits from the products we have already out-licensed. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

The opportunity for us to license our products
continues to be a viable model as the need for pharmaceutical companies to access external R D companies for new products due to their
own downsizing or elimination of internal R D departments. The demand for our products is enhanced due to the granting of key US and
international patents and the completed development of a number of unique products. 

Our Flagship Product 

Pivotal to our success is our patented polymer
delivery system technology Invisicare. Invisicare is a patented polymer delivery system that enhances the delivery of active ingredients
for topically applied skin care products. Its patented technology has a unique formula and process for combining active ingredients with
a delivery system that extends the duration of time the product remains on the skin and active. 

Invisicare is specifically formulated to
carry water insoluble active and certain cationic active ingredients in water-based products without the use of alcohol, silicones, waxes,
or other organic solvents. Products utilizing Invisicare have the proven ability to bond active ingredients to the skin for up to four
hours and longer. They are non-occlusive and allow normal skin respiration and perspiration while moisturizing and protecting against
exposure from a wide variety of environmental irritants. 

 When topically applied, these formulated products
adhere to the skin's outer layers, forming a protective bond, resisting wash-off, and delivering targeted levels of therapeutic or cosmetic
skincare agents to the skin. They allow enhanced delivery performance for a variety of skincare agents resulting in improved efficacy,
longer duration of action, reduced irritation and lower dosage of active agent required. The "invisible" polymer compositions
wear off as part of the natural exfoliation process of the skin's outer layer cells. 

The advantage of products formulated with Invisicare
is (1) Invisicare s ability to bind active ingredients (the drug) to the skin, forming a protective bond on the skin, for extended
periods of time; (2) Invisicare can deliver targeted levels (high or low) of therapeutic or cosmetic ingredients to the skin in a controlled
release; (3) Invisicare can help to reduce the irritation of some active ingredients due to how it controls the slower release of that
active ingredient; and (4) Invisicare science proves that it provides a protective skin barrier which helps retain the natural moisture
content of the skin, while still allowing it to breathe. These benefits present an excellent opportunity for clear scientific advantages
and marketing messages which resonate with physicians and consumers. 

We generate revenue by: 

LICENSING : We develop topical prescription
and over-the-counter products enhanced with Invisicare to license to pharmaceutical and consumer goods companies around the world for
an upfront fee and ongoing royalties. 

 CO-DEVELOPMENT : We assist pharmaceutical
clients in the early development of the most optimal formulation, which they then take forward into clinical testing. 

 LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT : We provide cost-effective
solutions to global pharmaceutical companies by reformulating their products coming off patent with a new Invisicare patent and new product
benefits and line extensions. Pharmaceutical companies are under a lot of pressure to develop innovative strategies to counteract the
revenue loss from their drugs coming off patent. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

License Agreement with
Quoin 

On October 17, 2019, we entered an Exclusive
License Agreement with Quoin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation Quoin pursuant to which we granted Quoin a
license to certain patents for the development of products for commercial sale. In exchange for the license, Quoin paid us a license fee
of one million USD dollars (USD 1,000,000) (the License Fee and will additionally pay a single digit royalty interest
of all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain situations. The agreement also requires that Quoin make a milestone
payment of 5 million to us upon achieving the first to occur of either FDA or European Union regulatory approval for one product licensed. 

In addition, and upon the successful
approval in the US or European Union, whichever occurs first, Skinvisible is entitled to receive a single digit royalty percentage of
Quoins net sales revenues for any licensed product covered by the patent rights licensed under the License Agreement. Plus, Quoin also
agreed to pay Skinvisible 25 of any revenues they receive as royalties in the event that they sublicense any licensed products to a third
party. 

On June 6, 2022, the Company announced that its
licensee Quoin and its product QRX003, was the first Invisicare delivery technology product to receive U.S. FDA Acceptance of Investigational
New Drug Application and that Quoin was actively working towards obtaining necessary FDA and other regulatory approvals for marketing
the product in the United States and other countries. 

On February 14, 2024, the Company announced that
there was significant progress in Quoin's clinical trials for product formulations containing Invisicare targeting Netherton Syndrome.
The trials focus on the innovative formulation "QRX003," powered by Skinvisible s Invisicare proprietary drug delivery
technology. The updates include: 

Positive
 Initial Data and Clean Safety Profile: The trials have demonstrated positive initial data
 and a clean safety profile, leading to the implementation of an optimization plan. 

Optimization
 Plan Implementation: Quoin has increased the size of both clinical trials significantly and
 adjusted dosing frequency to twice-daily from once-daily for both trials. 

Elimination
 of Lower Dose: In the blinded trial, a lower dose has been eliminated based on the positive
 outcomes observed. 

Protocol
 Amendments: Quoin's press release highlights protocol amendments aimed at enhancing the data
 set and potentially expediting regulatory approval. 

We
believe these protocol amendments could ultimately result in the generation of a highly compelling data set, which could support regulatory
filings and approval for QRX003 as the first treatment for Netherton Syndrome. 

On
March 4, 2024, Quoin announced a further milestone: it received FDA Clearance to recruit teen subjects into both ongoing Netherton Syndrome
clinical studies. We believe this announcement is important as: 

Clearance to include teen patients in both Quoin s open
label and placebo-controlled studies are expected to significantly expand the number of eligible subjects, potentially expedite recruitment
and lead to a more robust data set. 

This development represents the first ever inclusion of non-adult
subjects in Netherton Syndrome clinical studies conducted under an open Investigational New Drug Application. 

It is believed that the inclusion of this patient population
in Quoin s studies will be a critical component of the development of a robust data set that could result in regulatory approval
with a broad label as QRX003 is being tested both as monotherapy and in conjunction with off-label treatments. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

On June 27, 2024, Quoin announced an International Expansion of ongoing clinical trials for Netherton Syndrome in Saudia Arabia. The site
is currently treating Netherton patients who are eligible for recruitment into Quoin studies. 

On October 22, 2024 Quoin announced Further
International Expansion of Ongoing Clinical Trials for Netherton Syndrome with Two Additional Clinical Sites to be Opened in the United
Kingdom where Both Sites are Recognized Centers of Excellence for Netherton Syndrome in the UK. 

On November 5, 2024 Quoin Pharmaceuticals
initiates clinical testing of lead product in pediatric Netherton Syndrome patient. This clinical assessment is being performed on a pediatric
patient at children s health Ireland in Dublin; the first evaluation of QRX003, powered by Skinvisible s Invisicare technology,
in a pediatric patient. 

License Agreement with Ovation Science 

On February 3, 2020, we entered into a License
Agreement with Ovation Science Inc. pursuant to which Skinvisible granted to Ovation Science Inc. a license for the manufacture and distribution
rights to its hand sanitizer product, DermSafe. In exchange for the license, Ovation Science Inc. agreed to pay to Skinvisible a royalty
percentage on all net sales on the licensed products subject to adjustment in certain situations plus a license fee payable in year 3
of the agreement if it chooses to continue the license. 

On June 10, 2020, Ovation Science paid us the
fee otherwise due in year 3 and in exchange we extended the term of Ovation Science s license to 6-years and granted Ovation additional
rights to its hand sanitizer products and assigned Canadian Identification Numbers 02310589 and 02355558, all DermSafe Trademarks, DermSafe
clinical data and the right to patent DermSafe where not currently patented. In exchange for these rights, Ovation Science paid a 100,000
license fee. We completed the required assignments during the year ending December 31, 2020 and recognized 100,000 in revenue. 

Patent Applications for Transdermal Delivery
for Obesity and Glucose-Controlling Agents 

In May and June of 2024, we filed provisional
patent applications covering formulations that leverage Invisicare for the transdermal administration of obesity drugs and glucose-controlling
agents for diseases such as diabetes. The patents are titled "Transdermal Delivery Composition for Delivery of CB-1 Receptor Antagonists
and/or GLP-1 Receptor Agonists, and Method of Delivery and Transdermal Delivery Composition for Delivery of at Least One
Glucose Controlling Agent, and Method of Delivering at Least One Glucose Controlling Agent. 

The patent applications focus on the use of Invisicare
in a transdermal delivery technology designed to incorporate CB-1 receptor antagonists and/or GPL-1 receptor agonists, with drugs known
for their potential in obesity management and for glucose-controlling agents, into a lotion that is applied topically to the skin using
a metered applicator. Studies have demonstrated the superior transdermal penetration and controlled release of other active compounds
using Invisicare's innovative technology, with certain actives exhibiting up to a tenfold increase in transdermal delivery effectiveness.
By utilizing Invisicare, we aim to not only offer patients a convenient and effective alternative to traditional oral or injectable therapies
but to also enhance drug efficacy and potentially significantly reduce side effects as transdermal delivery avoids first-pass metabolism.
Additionally, for long-term treatment of obesity and glucose controlling agents, a transdermal delivery system could feasibly provide
a convenient method for administering maintenance doses for these medications. 

We are actively pursuing strategic partnerships
with pharmaceutical and/or biotech companies to facilitate the introduction of the first transdermal obesity therapies to market and to
explore the application of its delivery platform across diverse disease domains. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

Revenues 

Our revenue, which we combine
from product sales, royalties on patent licenses and license fees (product development fees), was 5,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2024 as compared with 5,000 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 

Our revenue, which we combine
from product sales, royalties on patent licenses and license fees (product development fees), was 15,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2024, as compared with 15,000 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 

We hope to generate more
revenues from our licenses with Quoin and Ovation for the rest of 2024. We also plan to enter into commercial arrangements with pharma
and biotech companies to exploit our patent applications that were recently filed, and we hope to generate revenue from these efforts
in the future. 

Gross Profit 

We had 0 in cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, compared with 0 in cost of revenues or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, so our gross profit was 5,000
and 5,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared with gross profit of 15,000 and 15,000
for the three and nine ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Our gross profit in 2024 and 2023 was due to licensing revenue, and we
hope to generate more revenues from our licenses with Quoin and Ovation for the rest of 2024 and into 2025. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses increased to 129,969 for the three months
ended September 30, 2024, from 118,110 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 

Operating expenses increased to 405,846 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, from 368,837 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 

Our operating expenses for all periods consisted mainly of selling, general
and administrative expenses. 

Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, consisted mainly of accrued salaries and wages of 262,827 and audit and accounting of 37,747. In comparison, our
selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consisted mainly of accrued salaries and wages
of 263,329 and audit and accounting of 33,029. 

We expect our operating expenses will increase in the future as the Company
begins to generate more licensing revenue. 

Other Expenses 

We had other expenses of 161,635 for the three months ended September
30, 2024, as compared with other expenses of 174,408 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

We had other expenses of 489,579 for the nine months ended September 30,
2024, as compared with other expenses of 1,724,812 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Our other expenses for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 consisted mainly of interest expense, netted against a gain on settlement of debt and gain on derivative liability
changes. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Net Loss 

We recorded a net loss of 286,604 for the
three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with a net loss of 287,518 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. We recorded
a net loss of 880,425 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with a net loss of 2,078,649 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going concern 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of 40,260,913 since its
inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company s ability to
generate the necessary funds through licensing of its core products or the ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances
of common stock or debt is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated
plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue
operations. These factors, among others, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned
uncertainties. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had total current
assets of 27,404 and total assets in the amount of 148,643. Our total current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 were 4,643,708.
We had a working capital deficit of 4,616,304 as of September 30, 2024, compared with a working capital deficit of 3,476,947 as of December
31, 2023. 

Operating activities used 52,922 in cash for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 73,314 used for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our negative operating
cash flows for 2023 and 2024 was largely the result of our net loss for those quarter, mainly offset by changes in operating assets and
liabilities and the amortization of debt discount. 

We used cash of 9,218 and 9,334 in investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for the purchase of intangible assets. 

Cash flow provided from financing activities was
 61,864 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 2,000 provided by cash flows
for financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

The features of the debt instruments and payables
concerning our financing activities are detailed in the footnotes to our financial statements. 

Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient
cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through increased sales and
debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek
additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in raising additional capital. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most
 critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical accounting
policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain. 

Product sales Revenues from the sale of products (Invisicare 
polymers) are recognized when title to the products are transferred to the customer and only when no further contingencies or material
performance obligations are warranted, and thereby have earned the right to receive reasonably assured payments for products sold and
delivered. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Royalty sales We also recognize royalty revenue from licensing
our patented product formulations only when earned, with no further contingencies or material performance obligations are warranted, and
thereby have earned the right to receive and retain reasonably assured payments. 

Distribution and license rights sales We also recognize
revenue from distribution and license rights only when earned (and are amortized over a five-year period), with no further contingencies
or material performance obligations are warranted, and thereby have earned the right to receive and retain reasonably assured payments. 

Costs of Revenue Cost of revenue includes raw materials,
component parts, and shipping supplies. Shipping and handling costs is not a significant portion of the cost of revenue. 

Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable is comprised of
uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment within 30 days from the invoice date. The carrying
amount of accounts receivable is reviewed periodically for collectability. If management determines that collection is unlikely, an allowance
that reflects management s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected is recorded. Management reviews each accounts
receivable balance that exceeds 30 days from the invoice date and, based on an assessment of creditworthiness, estimates the portion,
if any, of the balance that will not be collected. As of September 30, 2024, we had not recorded a reserve for doubtful accounts. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements
to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flow. 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item. 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024. This evaluation
was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based
upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the presence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material
weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective:
(i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting
and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

Remediation Plan to Address the Material Weaknesses in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our company plans to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our
internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to
remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes during our
fiscal year ending December 31, 2025: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective
risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts
set out are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are
unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. We are not aware of
any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5 or more of our voting securities
are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, carefully consider the risk factors described under the heading Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in our
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II Item 1A. Risk Factors 
in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Such risks described are not the only risks facing us. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that our management currently deems to be immaterial, also may adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to those risk factors since their disclosure
in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

These securities were issued pursuant
to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The investor represented the intention
to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view towards distribution. The investor was given adequate information about
us to make an informed investment decision. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed our transfer agent
to issue the stock certificates with the appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 

Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 

None 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 	 Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL). 

Provided herewith 

11 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Skinvisible, Inc. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

By: /s/ Terry Howlett

Terry Howlett 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Director 

12 

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31_1.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Terry Howlett, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Skinvisible, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/
Terry Howlett 

 By: Terry Howlett 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31_2.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Terry Howlett, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Skinvisible, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Terry Howlett 

 By: Terry Howlett 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Skinvisible, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Terry Howlett, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/
 Terry Howlett 
 
 Name: 
 Terry Howlett 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Date: 
 November 19, 2024 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 skvi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 skvi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 skvi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 skvi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

