<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1637880_0001637880-24-000068.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7562983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135149</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1342368</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2538512</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1884022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1526208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001637880-24-000068.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108142455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001637880-24-000068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tri-State Generation & Transmission Association, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001637880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				840464189
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-203560
		FILM NUMBER:		241439923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 WEST 116TH AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-452-6111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 WEST 116TH AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001637880-24-000068.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 tris-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tris-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
 organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification 
 number) 
 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes (Note: The registrant is not subject to the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), but voluntarily files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The registrant is a membership corporation and has authorized or outstanding equity securities. 

Table of Contents 

 TRI-STATE GENERATION AND TRANSMISSION ASSOCIATION, INC. 
 INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Page Number PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 40 
 SIGNATURES 

i 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY 
 The following abbreviations and acronyms used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are defined below: 
 Abbreviations or Acronyms Definition 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2022, between us and CFC, as administrative agent 2023 ERP our 2023 Electric Resource Plan filed with the COPUC ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Basin Basin Electric Power Cooperative Board Board of Directors CFC National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation CoBank CoBank, ACB Colowyo Coal Colowyo Coal Company L.P., a subsidiary of ours COPUC Colorado Public Utilities Commission D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DSR Debt Service Ratio (as defined in our Master Indenture) ECR Equity to Capitalization Ratio (as defined in our Master Indenture) EPA Environmental Protection Agency FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Fitch Fitch Ratings Inc. FPA Federal Power Act, as amended GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States kWh kilowatt hour LPEA La Plata Electric Association, Inc. Master Indenture Master First Mortgage Indenture, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement, dated effective as of December 15, 1999, between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee MBPP Missouri Basin Power Project Members our Utility Members and Non-Utility Members MPEI Mountain Parks Electric, Inc. Moody s Moody s Investors Services, Inc. MW megawatt MWh megawatt hour Non-Utility Members our non-utility members NRPPD Northwest Rural Public Power District New ERA Program USDA's Empowering Rural America Program OATT Open Access Transmission Tariff RUS Rural Utilities Service S P S P Global Ratings SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Springerville Partnership Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP, a subsidiary of ours Springerville Unit 3 Springerville Generating Station Unit 3 Term SOFR the implied rate on the future movement in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or "SOFR") over a future reference period Tri-State, We, Our, Us, the Association Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. United Power United Power, Inc. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 USDA United States Department of Agriculture Utility Members our electric distribution member systems, consisting of both Class A members and Class B members 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate to occur in the future, including matters such as the timing of various regulatory and other actions, future capital expenditures, business strategy, member withdraws and development, construction, operation, or closure of facilities (often, but not always, identified through the use of words or phrases such as will likely result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimated, forecast, projection, target and outlook are forward-looking statements. 
 Although we believe that in making these forward-looking statements our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any forward-looking statement involves uncertainties and there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Property, plant and equipment Electric plant In service Construction work in progress Total electric plant Less allowances for depreciation and amortization ) ) Net electric plant Other plant Less allowances for depreciation, amortization and depletion ) ) Net other plant Total property, plant and equipment Other assets and investments Investments in other associations Investments in and advances to coal mines Restricted cash and investments Other noncurrent assets Total other assets and investments Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and investments Short-term investments Deposits and advances Accounts receivable Utility Members Other accounts receivable Coal inventory Materials and supplies Total current assets Deferred charges Regulatory assets Prepayment NRECA Retirement Security Plan Other Total deferred charges Total assets EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capitalization Patronage capital equity Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total equity Long-term debt Total capitalization Current liabilities Utility Member advances Accounts payable Short-term borrowings Accrued expenses Current asset retirement obligations Accrued interest Accrued property taxes Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Regulatory liabilities Deferred income tax liability Asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Accumulated postretirement benefit and postemployment obligations Total equity and liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues Utility Member electric sales Non-member electric sales Rate stabilization Provision for rate refunds ) Other Operating expenses Purchased power Fuel Production Transmission General and administrative Depreciation, amortization and depletion Coal mining Goodwill impairment Other Operating margins Other income Interest Capital credits from cooperatives Other income Interest expense Interest Interest charged during construction ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Net margins including noncontrolling interest ) Net margin attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net margins attributable to the Association ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net margins including noncontrolling interest ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain on securities available for sale Amortization of prior service credit on postretirement benefit obligation included in net margin ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost on executive benefit restoration obligation included in net margin Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) including noncontrolling interest ) Net comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Association ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Patronage capital equity at beginning of period Net margins attributable to the Association ) Retirement of patronage capital ) Patronage capital equity at end of period Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain on securities available for sale Reclassification adjustment of prior service credit on postretirement benefit obligation included in net margin ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for prior service cost on executive benefit restoration obligation included in net margin Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest at beginning of period Net comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Equity distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest at end of period Total equity at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net margins including noncontrolling interest ) Adjustments to reconcile net margins to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and depletion Amortization of NRECA Retirement Security Plan prepayment Amortization of debt issuance costs Goodwill impairment Deposits associated with generator interconnection requests Rate stabilization revenue ) ) Capital credit allocations from cooperatives and income from coal mines under refund distributions Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Coal inventory ) ) Materials and supplies ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest Accrued property taxes ) ) Deferred membership withdrawal Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of plant ) ) Sale of electric plant Sale of non-utility assets Purchase of investments ) Changes in deferred charges ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Changes in Member advances ) Payments of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Debt issuance costs ) ) Change in short-term borrowings, net ) ) Retirement of patronage capital ) ) Equity distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments beginning Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments ending Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Change in plant expenditures included in accounts payable ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 NOTE 1 
 classes of membership: Class A - utility full requirements members, Class B - utility partial requirements members, and non-utility members. We have electric distribution member systems who are Class A members to which we provided electric power pursuant to long-term wholesale electric service contracts. We currently have Class B members. We have non-utility members Non-Utility Members ). Our Class A members and any Class B members are collectively referred to as our Utility Members. Our Class A members, any Class B members, and Non-Utility Members are collectively referred to as our Members. Our rates are subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC ). On December 23, 2019, our stated rate (A-40) to our Class A members was filed at FERC and was accepted by FERC on March 20, 2020. On August 2, 2021, FERC approved our settlement agreement related to our stated rate to our Class A members. On July 30, 2024, FERC issued an order accepting our A-41 formula rate to our Class A members, effective August 1, 2024, subject to refund. FERC further set our A-41 ra te filing for settlement and hearing procedures and confirmed our accounting treatment, including amortization, and creation of regulatory assets for Escalante Generating Station, Rifle Generating Station, Craig Generating Station Units 2 and 3 and the New Horizon Mine environmental obligation. However, FERC did not authorize us to recover the regulatory assets that represent acquisition costs/goodwill for J.M Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal Company LP Colowyo Coal ). See Note 2 - Accounting for Rate Regulation. These costs were on our books prior to us becoming subject to FERC's jurisdiction. FERC stated in its order accepting our A-41 rate schedule that we did not request express authorization to recover acquisition costs including goodwill in our rates. Therefore, we wrote off the J.M Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill in September 2024 which resulted in the recognition of expense of million. We recognized deferred membership withdrawal income in September 2024 as part of our rate stabilization measures, therefore, the write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo acquisition costs/goodwill resulted in no impact to our Utility Members' wholesale rate. 
 On May 1, 2024, United Power, Inc. United Power") withdrew from membership in us and terminated their wholesale electric service contract with us pursuant to Rate Schedule 281 (contract termination payment methodology) on-file with FERC and a Membership Withdrawal Agreement with United Power. United Power s contract termination payment amount was million. United Power paid us an exit fee in cash of million, after a regulatory liabilities credit and United Power relinquishing their right to any patronage capital in us resulting in a discounted patronage capital credit of million. Such amounts remain subject to true up in accordance with Rate Schedule 281 and United Power's Membership Withdrawal Agreement. Of the total contract termination payment, million was membership withdrawal that was deferred as a regulatory liability. The remaining million of United Power's contract termination payment related to a transmission credit for the portion of transmission debt allocated to United Power that was deferred as required by FERC's order on our Rate Schedule 281. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred prepaid lease expense Springerville Unit 3 Lease (2) Acquisition costs J.M. Shafer (3) Acquisition costs Colowyo Coal (4) Deferred debt prepayment transaction costs (5) Deferred Holcomb expansion impairment loss (6) New Horizon Mine environmental obligation (7) Unrecovered plant (8) Total regulatory assets Regulatory liabilities Interest rate swap - realized gain (9) and other Membership withdrawal (10) Withdrawal related transmission credit (11) Total regulatory liabilities Net regulatory asset 
 (1) A regulatory asset or liability associated with deferred income taxes generally represents the future increase or decrease in income taxes payable that will be received or settled through future rate revenues. 
 (2) Represents deferral of the loss on acquisition related to the Springerville Generating Station Unit 3 Springerville Unit 3 prepaid lease expense upon acquiring a controlling interest in the Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP Springerville Partnership in 2009. The regulatory asset for the deferred prepaid lease expense is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually through the period ending in 2056 and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. 
 (3) Represented acquisition costs related to our acquisition of an entity that owned J.M. Shafer Generating Station in December 2011. In September 2024, we wrote off the remaining million balance of J.M. Shafer Generating Station acquisition costs as they are no longer probable to be recovered, offset with recognition of previously deferred membership withdrawal income. See Note 1 - Presentation of Financial Information. 
 (4) Represented acquisition costs related to our acquisition of Colowyo Coal in December 2011. In September 2024, we wrote off the remaining million balance of Colowyo Coal acquisition costs as they are no longer probable to be recovered, offset with recognition of previously deferred membership withdrawal income. See Note 1 - Presentation of Financial Information. 
 (5) Represents transaction costs that we incurred related to the prepayment of our long-term debt in 2014. These costs are being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually over the -year period ending in 2036 and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. 
 (6) Represents deferral of the impairment loss related to development costs, including costs for the option to purchase development rights for the expansion of the Holcomb Generating Station. The regulatory asset for the deferred impairment loss is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually over the period ending in 2039 and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. 
 (7) Represents million of New Horizon Mine environmental obligation expense that was recognized as a regulatory item in 2023. The regulatory asset for the deferred environmental obligation expense is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually over years ending in 2049 and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. 
 (8) Represents deferral of the impairment losses and other closure costs related to the early retirement of the Escalante, Rifle and Craig Generating Station Units 2 and 3. The deferred impairment loss for Escalante Generating Station is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually over the period ending in December 2045, which was the depreciable life of the Escalante Generating Station, and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. The deferred impairment loss for Rifle Generating Station is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually through December 2028, which was the depreciable life of the Rifle Generating Station, and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. We recognized the early retirement of Craig Generating Station Units 2 and 3. We recognized an impairment loss of million and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million related to the October 2017 settlement of a forward starting interest rate swap. This realized gain was deferred as a regulatory liability and is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2017A and refunded to Utility Members through reduced rates when recognized in future periods. 
 (10) Represents the remaining balance of the deferred recognition of other operating revenues related to the withdrawal of former Utility Members from membership in us. On May 1, 2024, United Power withdrew from membership in us and United Power's contract termination payment amount was million, of which million was membership withdrawal that was deferred by our Board as a regulatory liability. The deferred membership withdrawal will be refunded to Utility Members through reduced rates when recognized in operating revenues in future periods with the oldest vintage year used first. 
 (11) Represents the remaining amount of United Power's transmission credit related to taking transmission service from us. A portion of a withdrawing member's contract termination payment is allocated to transmission debt that is deferred as required by FERC's order on Rate Schedule 281. The transmission credit, plus interest at FERC's prescribed interest rate, is refunded to the withdrawing member on a monthly basis if the withdrawing member takes transmission service from us and amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term. If the withdrawing member's transmission bill for a given month is lower than the credit amount that would be due, the difference is forfeited by the withdrawing member. 
 
 NOTE 3 
 to ) Transmission plant to ) General plant to ) Other to ) Electric plant in service (at cost) ) Construction work in progress Electric plant 
 
 In March 2024, we executed an asset purchase agreement to purchase the 145 MW Axial Basin Solar project being developed in northwestern Colorado. Concurrent with execution of the purchase agreement, we also executed an engineering, procurement and construction contract with an affiliate of the developer of the project. In April 2024, we closed on the acquisition of Axial Basin Solar project and issued a notice to proceed with construction to the contractor. Additionally, in April 2024, we executed an asset purchase agreement to purchase the 110 MW Dolores Canyon Solar project being developed in southwestern Colorado. Concurrent with execution of the purchase agreement, we also executed an engineering, procurement and construction contract with an affiliate of the developer of the project. In May 2024, we closed on the acquisition of Dolores Canyon Solar project and issued a notice to proceed with construction to the contractor. 
 
 Both acquisitions were accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with the accounting requirements for business combinations since we purchased the project assets and not a business. As such, the asset acquisitions and subsequent 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 to ) Transmission plant to ) General plant to ) Other to ) Electric plant in service (at cost) ) Construction work in progress Electric plant 
 MBPP - Laramie River Station Total 
 OTHER PLANT : Other plant consists of mine assets (discussed below) and non utility assets which consist of facilities not in service, land and irrigation equipment. 
 We own percent of Elk Ridge Mining and Reclamation, LLC Elk Ridge ), organized for the purpose of acquiring coal reserves and supplying coal to us. Elk Ridge is the owner of the Colowyo Mine, a surface coal mine near Craig, Colorado, and the New Horizon Mine near Nucla, Colorado. The New Horizon Mine is in post-reclamation monitoring and no longer produces coal. The expenses related to the Colowyo Mine coal used by us are included in fuel expense on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 New Horizon Mine assets Accumulated depreciation and depletion ) ) Net mine assets Non-utility assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net non-utility assets Net other plant 
 
 NOTE 4 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation - patronage capital National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation - capital term certificates CoBank, ACB Other Investments in other associations 
 Our investments in other associations are considered equity securities without readily determinable fair values, and as such are measured at cost minus impairment. We have evaluated these investments for indicators of impairment. There were impairments of these investments recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or during 2023. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 Restricted cash and investments - current Restricted cash and investments - noncurrent Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments 
 
 NOTE 6 
 million of this unearned revenue in other operating revenues on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Other accounts receivable - trade: Non-member electric sales Other Total other accounts receivable - trade Other accounts receivable - nontrade Total other accounts receivable Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Advances to operating agents of jointly owned facilities Lease right-of-use assets Other Total other deferred charges 
 We make expenditures for preliminary surveys and investigations for the purpose of determining the feasibility of contemplated generation and transmission projects. If construction results, the preliminary survey and investigation expenditures will be reclassified to electric plant - construction work in progress. If the work is abandoned, the related preliminary survey and investigation expenditures will be charged to the appropriate operating expense account or the expense could be deferred as a regulatory asset to be recovered from our Utility Members through rates subject to approval by our Board and FERC. 
 We make advance payments to the operating agents of jointly owned facilities to fund our share of costs expected to be incurred under each project including MBPP Laramie River Station, and Yampa Project Craig Generating Station Units 1 and 2. We also make advance payments to the operating agent of Springerville Unit 3. 
 A right-of-use asset represents a lessee s right to control the use of the underlying asset for the lease term. Right-of-use assets are included in other deferred charges and presented net of accumulated amortization. See Note 15 Leases. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 billion of long-term debt which consists of mortgage notes payable, pollution control revenue bonds and the Springerville certificates. The mortgage notes payable and pollution control revenue bonds are secured on a parity basis by a Master First Mortgage Indenture, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement Master Indenture ). Substantially all our assets, rents, revenues and margins are pledged as collateral. The Springerville certificates are secured by the assets of Springerville Unit 3. All long-term debt contains certain restrictive financial covenants, including a debt service ratio ("DSR") requirement on an annual basis and an equity to capitalization ratio ("ECR") requirement of at least percent at the end of each fiscal year. Other than long-term debt for the Springerville certificates that has a DSR requirement of at least on an annual basis, all other long-term debt contains a DSR requirement of at least on an annual basis. A DSR below under the Master Indenture would require us to transfer all cash to a special fund managed by the trustee of the Master Indenture. 
 We have a secured revolving credit facility with National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation CFC ), as lead arranger and administrative agent, in the amount of million 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement that expires on April 25, 2027 and includes a swingline sublimit of million, a letter of credit sublimit of million, and a commercial 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had million in availability (including million under the commercial paper back-up sublimit) under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Less debt issuance costs ) ) Less debt discounts ) ) Plus debt premiums Total debt adjusted for debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 
 We entered into both a loan agreement and security agreement, dated October 1, 2024, with the Rural Utilities Service RUS ), a part of the United States Department of Agriculture USDA ), for a million interest loan. The loan agreement includes financial DSR requirements in line with the covenants contained in our Master Indenture. This loan was provided by RUS as part of the Rural Energy Savings Program pursuant to the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002. We can draw up to million of this loan as part of our new Electrify and Save On-Bill Repayment Program that allows our Utility Members customers to install energy efficiency measures, at no up-front cost, and repay over time through their monthly utility bill from our Utility Members the costs of the measures and installation, at low interest rates. The remaining million may be used as permitted in our work plan with RUS. Other than a special draw of million that is due at maturity, each draw must be repaid within years. The loan has a final maturity of October 1, 2044 and is not secured under our Master Indenture, but rather secured by certain depository accounts related to the On-Bill Repayment Program and certain rights in our On-Bill Repayment Program. 
 As a requirement of the loan from RUS, we must maintain a letter of credit for the benefit of RUS equal to percent of the amount drawn and outstanding from the loan. We expect to make an initial special draw of million and have provided RUS a letter of credit for million issued under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement for the million special draw and expected upcoming draws as part of our On-Bill Repayment Program. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 million or the amount available under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. The commercial paper issuances are used to provide an additional financing source for our short-term liquidity needs. The maturities of the commercial paper issuances vary but may not exceed days from the date of issue. The commercial paper notes are classified as current and are included in current liabilities as short-term borrowings on our consolidated statements of financial position. 
 Short-term borrowings - other Weighted average interest rate 
 
 million commercial paper outstanding and million of the commercial paper back-up sublimit remained available under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. See Note 8 Long-Term Debt. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 pits at the Colowyo Mine are in final reclamation with the other pit still being actively mined. 
 Generation: We have asset retirement obligations related to equipment, dams, ponds, wells and underground storage tanks at the generating stations. 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) Accretion expense Change in estimate Total obligations at end of period Less current obligations at end of period ) Long-term obligations at end of period 
 The New Horizon Mine balance is million as of September 30, 2024. Of this amount, million is recorded on a discounted basis, using a discount rate of percent, with total estimated undiscounted future cash outflows of million. Environmental obligation expense is included in other operating expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a change in estimate related to the Colowyo Mine asset retirement obligation due to a change in the planned timing of full reclamation to 2025 and an updated cost estimate. We continue to evaluate the New Horizon Mine and Colowyo Mine post reclamation obligations and will make adjustments to these obligations as needed. 
 We also have asset retirement obligations with indeterminate settlement dates. These are made up primarily of obligations attached to transmission and other easements that are considered by us to be operated in perpetuity and therefore the measurement of the obligation is not possible. A liability will be recognized in the period in which sufficient information exists to estimate a range of potential settlement dates as is needed to employ a present value technique to estimate fair value. 
 In May 2024, the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") published a final rule regarding groundwater monitoring, corrective action, closure, and post-closure care requirements for all coal combustion residuals management units under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We are analyzing the final rule for possible impacts on our operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 
 OATT deposits Financial liabilities - reclamation Customer deposits Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) - noncurrent Lease liabilities - noncurrent Other Total other deferred credits and other liabilities 
 In 2015, we renewed transmission right-of-way easements on tribal nation lands where certain of our electric transmission lines are located. million will be paid by us for these easements from 2024 through the individual easement terms ending between 2035 and 2047. The present values for the remaining easement payments were million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 which are recorded as other deferred credits and other liabilities. 
 OATT deposits represent refundable transmission customer deposits related to interconnection and transmission requests from third parties. An OATT deposit is refundable as provided in our Open Access Transmission Tariff. 
 Financial liabilities - reclamation represent financial obligations that we have for our share of reclamation costs at jointly owned facilities in which we have undivided interests in. 
 A lease liability represents a lessee s obligation to make lease payments over the lease term. The long-term portion of our lease liabilities are included in other deferred credits and other liabilities and the current portion of our lease liabilities are included in current liabilities. See Note 15 Leases. 
 A contract liability represents an entity s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration from the customer. We have received deposits from others and these deposits are reflected in contract liabilities (unearned revenue) until recognized in other operating revenues over the life of the agreement. We have received deposits from various parties and those that may still be required to be returned are a liability and these are reflected in customer deposits. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 medical plans for all non-bargaining unit employees under the age of . of the plans provide postretirement medical benefits to full-time non-bargaining unit employees and retirees who receive benefits under those plans, who have attained age , and who elect to participate. All of these non-bargaining unit medical plans offer post employment medical benefits to employees on long-term disability. The plans were unfunded as of September 30, 2024, are contributory (with retiree premium contributions equivalent to employee premiums, adjusted annually) and contain other cost-sharing features such as deductibles. As of June 30, 2021, the plans ceased to provide postretirement medical benefits for employees who retire after June 30, 2021. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Benefit payments (net of contributions by participants) ) Postretirement medical benefit obligation at end of period Postemployment medical benefit obligation at end of period Total postretirement and postemployment medical obligations at end of period 
 The service cost component of our net periodic benefit cost, if any, is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in other income (expense) on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In accordance with the accounting standard related to postretirement benefits other than pensions, actuarial gains and losses are not recognized in income but are instead recorded in accumulated other income on our consolidated statements of financial position. If the unrecognized amount is in excess of percent of the projected benefit obligation, amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and included in net income as the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of the active plan participants. Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses have been determined per actuarial studies for the postretirement medical benefit obligation. 
 Amortization of prior service credit into other income ) Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income at end of period 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 We participate in the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan and the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan, both of which are intended to provide a supplemental benefit to the defined benefit plan for an eligible group of highly compensated employees. Eligible employees include the Chief Executive Officer and any other employees that become eligible. All our executive employees with a hire date prior to May 1, 2021 participate in one of the following pension restoration plans: the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan or the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan. Eligibility is determined annually and is based on January 1 base salary that exceeds the limits of the defined benefit plan. Employees hired May 1, 2021 or later are not eligible for either plan. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Benefit payments ) Executive benefit restoration at end of period Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Benefits paid ) Actual return on plan assets Fair value of plan assets at end of period Net liability recognized at end of period 
 The service cost component of our net periodic benefit cost is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in other income (expense) on our consolidated statements of operations. We have an irrevocable trust with an independent third party to fund the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan. The trust is funded quarterly to the prior year obligation as determined by the NRECA actuary. 
 In accordance with the accounting standard related to defined benefit pension plans, actuarial gains and losses are not recognized in income but are instead recorded in accumulated other income on our consolidated statements of financial position. If the unrecognized amount is in excess of percent of the projected benefit obligation, amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and included in net income as the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of the active plan participants. Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses have been determined per actuarial studies for the executive benefit restoration obligation.) Amortization of prior service cost into other income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period ) 

NOTE 13 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Short-term contracts Rate stabilization Provision for rate refunds ) Coal sales Other Total non-member electric sales and other operating revenue 
 Non-member electric sales 
 Revenues from wholesale electric power sales to non-members are primarily from long-term contracts and short-term market sales. Prior to our customers demand for energy, we do not have a contractual right to consideration as we are not obligated to provide energy until the customer demands each incremental unit of energy. We transfer control of the energy to our customer over time and our customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the electric power. Progress toward completion of our performance obligation is measured using the output method. Payments are received in accordance with the contract terms, which is less than 30 days after the invoice is received by the customer. 
 Rate Stabilization 
 Rate stabilization represents revenue recognition from withdrawal of former Utility Members from membership in us that was previously deferred in accordance with accounting requirements related to regulated operations. We recognized million of deferred membership withdrawal income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to million of deferred membership withdrawal for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Of the total amount of deferred membership withdrawal income recognized during 2024, we recognized million in September 2024 related to our rate stabilization measures to offset the expense recognition related to the million write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill and million in accelerated expenses related to the transition from mining to full reclamation at the Colowyo Mine in 2025. See Note 1 - Presentation of Financial Information and Note 2 - Accounting for Rate Regulation. 
 Coal sales 
 Coal sales revenue results from the sale of coal from the Colowyo Mine to third parties. We have an obligation to deliver coal and progress of completion toward our performance obligation is measured using the output method. Our performance obligation is completed as coal is delivered. We recognize coal sales revenue in other operating revenue on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14 
 income tax expense or benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an income tax expense of thousand for the comparable period in 2023. We are continuing to evaluate the tax impacts of the contract termination payment received from United Power. Any current tax expense expected to be realized as a result of this contract termination payment, if any, will be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024 when the amount of deferred revenue recognized will be known. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA") was enacted into law. The IRA enacted many provisions intended to mitigate climate change by providing various sources of funding and tax credit incentives for investments designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These provisions do not impact our current consolidated financial statements but could affect future financial statements due to the impact of such investments. These provisions are subject to regulations and other guidance to be released by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and other governmental agencies over time. We are monitoring developments and evaluating opportunities to utilize these incentives. In September 2023, we submitted a Letter of Interest to apply for a funding award of low-cost loans and grants through the New Empowering Rural America ("New ERA") Program. The New ERA Program implements the 9.7 billion funded in the IRA. In October 2024, we received an award commitment letter from the USDA to fund 2.49 billion of our clean energy investments. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the comparable period in 2023. Rent expense for all short-term and long-term operating leases was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the comparable period in 2023. Rent expense is included in various categories of operating expenses on our consolidated statements of operations based on the type and purpose of the lease. 
 Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Net operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities - current ) ) Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent ) ) Total operating lease liabilities ) ) Finance leases: Finance lease right-of-use assets Less: Accumulated amortization ) Net finance lease right-of-use assets Finance lease liabilities - current ) Finance lease liabilities - noncurrent ) Total finance lease liabilities ) Lease Term and Discount Rate: Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) ) Total 
 Leasing Arrangements as Lessor 
 We have lease agreements as lessor for certain operational assets. The revenue from these lease agreements of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in other operating revenue on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In May 2024, the conditions for the effectiveness of a tolling agreement with a third party were satisfied for our two 70 MW units at our Knutson Generating Station for all capacity and energy through the operation of both units. In September 2024, we entered into a tolling agreement with a third party for one of our two 70 MW units at our Limon Generating Station for all capacity and energy through the operation of that unit that will commence in January 2026. In substance these agreements were determined to be leases in accordance with the accounting standards for leases as the third party has the right to the economic benefits of the asset and controls the use of the asset by its contractual rights, including the ability to direct the timing of dispatch of energy. 

NOTE 16 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Marketable Securities 
 We hold marketable securities in connection with the directors and executives elective deferred compensation plans which consist of investments in stock funds, bond funds and money market funds. These securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The estimated fair value of the investments is based upon their active market value (Level 1 inputs) and is included in other noncurrent assets on our consolidated statements of financial position. 
 
 Cash Equivalents 
 We invest portions of our cash and cash equivalents in commercial paper, money market funds, and other highly liquid investments. The fair value of these investments approximates our cost basis in the investments. In aggregate, the fair value was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Debt 
 The fair values of long-term debt, excluding amounts reclassified from short-term debt, were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. These valuation assumptions utilize observable inputs based on market data obtained from independent sources and are therefore considered Level 2 inputs (quoted prices for similar assets, liabilities (adjusted) and market corroborated inputs). 

NOTE 17 
 percent equity interest, including the percent general partner equity interest, in the Springerville Partnership, which is the percent owner of Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC Owner Lessor ). The Owner Lessor is the owner of the Springerville Unit 3. We, as general partner of the Springerville Partnership, 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 percent of the operation, maintenance and capital expenditures of Springerville Unit 3 and the decisions related to those expenditures including budgeting, financing and dispatch of power. Based on all these facts, it was determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the Owner Lessor. Therefore, the Springerville Partnership and Owner Lessor have been consolidated by us. 
 Noncontrolling interest Long-term debt Accrued interest 
 Our consolidated statements of operations include the following Springerville Partnership expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation, amortization and depletion Interest 
 The revenue associated with the Springerville Partnership lease has been eliminated in consolidation. Income, losses and cash flows of the Springerville Partnership are allocated to the general and limited partners based on their equity ownership percentages. The net income or loss attributable to the percent non-controlling equity interest in the Springerville Partnership is reflected on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 NOTE 18 
 notice and the payment to us of a contract termination payment. On October 29, 2021, FERC accepted our modified contract termination payment methodology, effective November 1, 2021, subject to refund. FERC set the matter for hearing and instituted a concurrent Federal Power Act ("FPA") section 206 proceeding to determine the justness and reasonableness of our modified methodology. 
 On April 29, 2022, both United Power and Northwest Rural Public Power District ("NRPPD") provided us notices to withdraw from membership in us, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. 
 On December 19, 2023, FERC issued an order adopting a modified balance sheet approach for the contract termination payment methodology (" FERC December 19 Order") . On January 18, 2024, we, United Power, and others filed requests for rehearing with FERC of the FERC December 19 Order . Our request for rehearing included FERC's rejection of our lost revenue approach and also certain clarifications. On February 20, 2024, FERC issued a notice stating the parties' requests for rehearing were denied by operation of law, but FERC stated it will address the merits of the requests in a subsequent order. On March 28, 2024, we filed a petition for review of the FERC December 19 Order with the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million. United Power paid us an exit fee in cash of million, after a regulatory liabilities credit and United Power relinquishing their right to any patronage capital in us resulting in a discounted patronage capital credit of million. Such amounts remain subject to true-up in accordance with Rate Schedule 281 and United Power's Membership Withdrawal Agreement. As provided in the Membership Withdrawal Agreement, United Power's exit fee is also subject to true-up in the event Rate Schedule 281 and the amount paid by United Power are modified pursuant to a subsequent final and non-appealable FERC order, including resolution of the petitions for review filed by us and United Power. It is not possible to predict the outcome of this matter or whether we will be required to refund any amounts to United Power or if United Power will be required to pay us any additional amounts. 
 NRPPD did not comply with Rate Schedule 281 on-file with FERC and made no contract termination payment to us. NRPPD s wholesale electric service contract with us remains in effect an d NRPPD remains a Class A member of us. NRPPD s April 29, 2022 notice of intent to withdraw is deemed null and void. NRPPD is disputing our position that their wholesale electric service contract with us remains in effect and NRPPD remains a Class A member of us. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the proceedings related to NRPPD's status as a Class A member or their position that it has terminated their wholesale electric service contracts with us and whether we will suffer any liability or loss from the proceedings. 
 LPEA's La Plata County District Court Complaint . On N ovember 10, 2023, LPEA filed a complaint with the La Plata County District Court, Case No. 2023CV30148, against us. The complaint alleges, among other things, that we have breached our Bylaws and our wholesale electric service contract with LPEA by failing to provide equitable terms and conditions for LPEA to withdraw from us and by violating the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. LPEA seeks a declaratory order that we have materially breached our Bylaws and our wholesale electric service contract and that LPEA is relieved from any further obligation to perform under those agreements, or in the alternative, damages from us for such alleged breach. On January 10, 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss stating that LPEA's claims are barred by federal preemption and the statute of limitations. On July 18, 2024, the court denied our motion to dismiss, ruling that the case was not preempted by FERC's jurisdiction and should not be dismissed for violating the statute of limitations. On August 1, 2024, we filed our answer denying all of the allegations in LPEA's complaint and that LPEA is entitled to any relief. It is not possible to predict the ou tcome of this matter, whether we will incur any liability in connection with this matter, and in the event of liability, if any, the amount or type of damages, equitable relief or other legal relief that could be awarded or granted. 
 NRPPD Complaint: On March 25, 2024, NRPPD filed a FPA section 206 proceeding with FERC, Docket No. EL24-93, against us and Basin seeking FERC to exercise primary jurisdiction over the interpretation of the FERC December 19 Order and our Amended and Restated Wholesale Power Contract for the Eastern Interconnection with Basin ("Basin Eastern WPC"). In particular, NRPPD requests that FERC hold that NRPPD s withdrawal from us is permissible under the Basin Eastern WPC and that NRPPD s contract termination payment calculation is the appropriate contract termination payment. NRPPD further seeks refunds from us because Basin has allegedly overcharged us and thus NRPPD for sa les of power and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 per megawatt hour established by the Western Electricity Coordinating Council. On October 7, 2020, we filed a report with FERC justifying the sales above the soft-cap and we did not recognize the revenue for the energy sales in excess of the soft-cap, Docket No. EL21-65-000. Based upon additional guidance from FERC, we filed a supplemental report on July 19, 2021. On May 20, 2022, FERC issued an order directing us to refund only certain amounts of the energy sales revenue in excess of the soft-cap. Based upon the FERC order, in the second quarter of 2022, we recognized approximately million in excess of the soft-cap and refunded million to a third party. On July 22, 2022, the California Public Utilities Commission filed a petition for review with the DC Circuit Court of Appeals of FERC s May 20, 2022 order, Case No. 22-1169. On August 18, 2022, we filed a motion to intervene with the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and an order granting our motion was issued on September 6, 2022. On January 24, 2023, the parties to the proceeding filed a motion with the court to consolidate this proceeding with other related proceedings with the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and proposed a procedural schedule with final briefings due in October 2023 . On March 6, 2023, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals granted the motion to consolidate the proceedings. On October 31, 2023, the final briefs were filed in this consolidated proceeding. On July 9, 2024, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals issued an order vacating FERC's order and remanding the case back to FERC to conduct a Mobile-Sierra analysis. It is not possible to predict the outcome of this matter or whether we will be required to refund any additional amounts to third parties. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 We are a taxable wholesale electric power generation and transmission cooperative operating on a not-for-profit basis. We were formed by our Utility Members for the purpose of providing wholesale power and transmission services to our Utility Members (which are distribution electric cooperatives and public power districts) for their resale of the power to their retail consumers. Our Utility Members serve large portions of Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. We also sell a portion of our generated electric power to other utilities in our regions pursuant to long-term contracts and short-term sale arrangements. Our Utility Members provide retail electric service to suburban and rural residences, farms and ranches, cities, towns and communities, as well as large and small businesses and industries. 
 We are currently owned entirely by our forty-four Members. We have three classes of membership: Class A - utility full requirements members, Class B - utility partial requirements members, and non-utility members. For our forty-one Class A members, we provide electric power pursuant to long-term wholesale electric service contracts. We currently have no Class B members, and therefore all our Utility Members are currently Class A members. We have three Non-Utility Members. Thirty-seven of our Utility Members are not-for-profit, electric distribution cooperative associations. Four Utility Members are public power districts, which are political subdivisions of the State of Nebraska. We became regulated as a public utility under Part II of the FPA on September 3, 2019 when we admitted a Non-Utility Member, MIECO, Inc. (a non-governmental/non-electric cooperative entity), as a new Member/owner. 
 We supply and transmit our Utility Members electric power requirements through a portfolio of resources, including generation and transmission facilities, long term purchase contracts and short-term energy purchases. We own, lease, have undivided percentage interests in, or long-term purchase contracts with respect to various generating facilities. Our diverse generation portfolio provides us with maximum available power of 4,523 MWs, of which approximately 1,566 MWs comes from renewables. 
 We sold 13.4 million MWhs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.4 percent as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of which 87.2 percent was to Utility Members. Total revenue from electric sales was 1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of which 85.3 percent was from Utility Member sales. Our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily impacted by higher non-member electric sales and lower natural gas prices. 
 Utility Member electric sales decreased 60.3 million, or 6.5 percent, primarily due to a decrease of 810,472 MWhs sold, or 6.5 percent, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The impact of United Power s withdrawal on May 1, 2024 was offset by increased sales to our remaining Utility Members sales due to load growth and other factors. 
 Non-member electric sales increased 36.6 million, or 32.8 percent, primarily due to higher long-term sales (in MWhs), offset by decreased short-term market sales and lower average prices. 
 Fuel expense decreased 30.1 million, or 15.2 percent, primarily due to a decrease in generation at both our coal and gas-fired facilities, as well as lower market prices. 
 
 Wholesale Electric Service Contracts 
 Our Bylaws require each Utility Member, unless otherwise specified in a written agreement or the terms of the Bylaws, to purchase from us electric power and energy as provided in the Utility Member's contract with us. This contract is the wholesale electric service contract with each Utility Member, which is an all-requirements contract. Each wholesale electric service contract obligates us to sell and deliver to the Utility Member, and obligates the Utility Member to purchase and receive, at least 95 percent of its electric power requirements from us. Our wholesale electric service contracts with our 41 Utility Members extend through 2050. We had a wholesale electric service contract with United Power that extended through 2050. United Power withdrew from membership in us on May 1, 2024 and their wholesale electric service contract with us was terminated. Each Utility Member may elect to provide up to 5 percent of its electric power requirements from distributed or renewable generation owned or controlled by the Utility Member. As of September 30, 2024, 21 Utility Members have enrolled in this program with capacity totaling approximately 94 MWs of which 88 MWs are in operation. 
 We have presented to our Utility Members and received feedback on alternatives for an increased amount of self-supply in addition to the 5 percent self-supply provision of our wholesale electric services contracts. The alternative that emerged through our collaboration with our Utility Members is known as the Bring Your Own Resource Program, which is 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 designed to provide our Utility Members with the flexibility to build, own or contract for power supply projects. Under the Bring Your Own Resource Program, Utility Members interested in participating in the program will propose projects that they will own or control and that do not exceed 40 percent of their 2022 peak load during our peak period and which projects will not have an adverse impact on our reliability, overall system costs or compliance with environmental objectives. In June 2024, we filed with FERC a tariff describing the parameters of the Bring Your Own Resource Program. In August 2024, FERC accepted our tariff and the inaugural Bring Your Own Resource Program cycle was initiated in the third quarter of 2024 and is expected to conclude in the third quarter of 2025. If a Utility Member-proposed resource is accepted following the program evaluation process, a Utility Member will enter into an agreement enabling us to purchase the output of the Bring Your Own Resource project and that output will be deemed to serve the Utility Member s load. 
 
 Member Withdrawals and Relationship with Members 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, a Member may only withdraw from membership in us upon compliance with such equitable terms and conditions as our Board may prescribe provided, however, that no Member shall be permitted to withdraw until it has met all its contractual obligations to us. I n September 2021, we filed with FERC a modified contract termination payment methodology tariff as Rate Schedule 281 that provides a process should a Utility Member elect to withdraw from membership in us and terminate their wholesale electric service contract with us. The tariff process includes requirements for a two-year notice and the payment to us of a contract termination payment. I n October 2021, FERC accepted our modified contract termination payment methodology, effective November 1, 2021, subject to refund. FERC set the matter for hearing and instituted a concurrent FPA section 206 proceeding to determine the justness and reasonableness of our modified methodology. 
 In December 2023, FERC issued an order adopting a modified balance sheet approach for the contract termination payment methodology. In January 2024, we filed a revised Rate Schedule 281 with FERC with the contract termination methodology based upon FERC's order. The revised Rate Schedule 281 based upon FERC's adopted balance sheet approach uses our FERC financials and distinguishes between Utility Members served on the Western and Eastern Interconnection. In March 2024, FERC issued an order accepting our revised Rate Schedule 281, subject to further compliance filing, and established hearing and settlement judge procedures related to our sleeving administrative fee methodology set forth in our revised Rate Schedule 281. In April 2024, we submitted a further revised Rate Schedule 281 as directed by FERC's March 2024 order. In June 2024, we submitted a further revised Rate Schedule 281 as directed by FERC's May 2024 order on rehearing. FERC has not issued an order on our April 2024 or June 2024 revised Rate Schedule 281 so our January 2024 Rate Schedule 281 is currently on-file with FERC . For further infor mation on the methodology see Item 1 BUSINESS MEMBERS - Contract Termination Payment and Relationship with Members in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See also Note 18 to the Unaudited Consolidated Fin ancial Statements in Item 1 for further information. 
 On April 29, 2022, both United Power and NRPPD provided us notices to withdraw from membership in us, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. In January 2023, MPEI provided us a notice to withdraw from membership in us, with a February 1, 2025 withdrawal effective date. In March 2024, LPEA provided us a notice to withdraw from membership in us, with an April 1, 2026 withdrawal effective date. 
 On May 1, 2024, United Power withdrew from membership in us and terminated their wholesale electric service contract with us pursuant to Rate Schedule 281 on-file with FERC and a Membership Withdrawal Agreement with United Power. United Power s contract termination payment amount was 709.4 million. United Power paid us an exit fee in cash of 627.2 million, after a regulatory liabilities credit and United Power relinquishing their right to any patronage capital in us resulting in a discounted patronage capital credit of 82.2 million. Such amounts remain subject to true up in accordance with Rate Schedule 281 and United Power's Membership Withdrawal Agreement. Our Board deferred as a regulatory liability 530.1 million of United Power's 709.4 million contract termination payment amount. The remaining 179.3 million was related to a transmission credit for the portion of transmission debt allocated to United Power and required to be deferred pursuant to FERC's December 2023 order and Rate Schedule 281. 
 NRPPD did not comply with the Rate Schedule 281 on-file with FERC and made no contract termination payment to us. NRPPD s wholesale electric service contract with us remains in effect and NRPPD remains a Class A member of us. NRPPD s April 29, 2022 notice of intent to withdraw is deemed null and void. Contrary to FERC s March 2024 order on our revised Rate Schedule 281 compliance filing, NRPPD has asserted th ere is no FERC-accepted Rate Schedule 281 on file with FERC and no contract termination payment is payable by NRPPD. Although NRPPD is disputing our position that their wholesale electric service contract with us remains in effect and NRPPD remains a Class A member of us, NRPPD is paying us for the electric power and energy we have provided to NRPPD. 
 In October 2024, we entered into a Membership Withdrawal Agreement with MPEI that was filed with FERC for acceptance. The Withdrawal Agreement describes the practical action items and related rights and obligations of the parties 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 involved with effectuating the withdrawal of MPEI from membership in us and termination of MPEI's wholesale electric service contract on February 1, 2025. MPEI s contract termination payment based upon our April 2024 revised Rate Schedule 281 is 77.9 million prior to any adjustments for discounted patronage capital, regulatory liabilities credit or MPEI's pro rata share of our power purchase obligations in the Western Interconnection. MPEI's estimated final payment amount stated in the Membership Withdrawal Agreement based upon our April 2024 revised Rate Schedule 281 after adjusting for MPEI's discounted patronage, regulatory liabilities credit, and the parties agreed to MPEI's share of our power purchase obligations in the Western Interconnection is 71.4 million. We and MPEI also entered a purchase and sales contract to sell MPEI certain assets for 5.9 million that is also expected to close on February 1, 2025, subject to receipt of COPUC approval. 
 LPEA s estimated contract termination payments based upon our April 2024 revised Rate Schedule 281 is 209 million prior to any adjustment related to the withdrawal of MPEI, discounted patronage capital or regulatory liabilities credit, if applica ble. The estimated contract termination payment for LPEA does not include their pro rata share of our power purchase obligations in the Western Interconnection. MP EI and LPEA comprised 7.5 percent of our Utility Member revenue and 5.3 percent of our operating revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The contract termination payments for United Power, MPEI, and LPEA are subject to review and modification through proceedings currently pending with FERC and petitions for review filed in the federal courts. See Note 18 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 for further information. 
 Although there is no certainty that MPEI and LPEA will pay their respective contract termination payment required upon withdrawal and withdraw as they have asserted, if these Utility Members pay and withdraw, it will reduce our Utility Members' electric sales revenue and the amount of energy sold to our Utility Members. We expect the receipt of the contract termination payments from United Power, MPEI, and LPEA to assist in mitigating the impacts of decreased Utility Members electric sales revenue. We expect to defer some or all of the contract termination payments received as a regulatory liability and recognize as revenue in future period or periods to offset the revenue otherwise recoverable from Utility Members. 
 In addition, as part of mitigating the impacts, we expect our non-member electric sales revenue and the amount of energy sold to non-members to increase significantly. In anticipation of Utility Member withdrawals, we have entered into multiple power sales contracts with third parties for up to 410 MWs, a tolling agreement for our two 70 MW units at the Knutson Generating Station, and a tolling agreement for one of our two 70 MW units at the Limon Generating Station for the sale of capacity and energy. Phase I of our 2023 ERP also assumed United Power and MPEI will withdraw resulting in a decreased need for additional resources and costs as we transition to a cleaner energy portfolio and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions. However, there is no certainty that our mitigation steps or the contract termination payments will mitigate the full amount of the loss of Utility Member electric sales revenue. See also Item 1 BUSINESS MEMBERS - Contract Termination Payment and Relationship with Members and " RISK FACTORS - Members and Regulatory Risks " in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In November 2023, LP EA filed a complaint for declaratory judgement and damages against us alleging, among other things, that we have breached our Bylaws and our wholesale electric service contract with LPEA. In January 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss stating that LPEA's claims are barred by federal preemption and the statute of limitations. In July 2024, the court denied our motion to dismiss. In August 2024, we filed an answer denying all of LPEA's claims. See Note 18 to the Unaudited Consolidated Fin ancial Statements in Item 1 for further information. 
 
 Responsible Energy Plan and Colorado Electric Resource Plan and New Era Program 
 Responsible Energy Plan 
 In January 2020, we released our energy transition plan known as our Responsible Energy Plan. With our Responsible Energy Plan, we are implementing a clean energy transition while being responsible to our employees, Members, communities, and environment. The plan was developed with input from our Board, our Utility Members and external stakeholders. Our plan is dynamic and will change as Utility Members' needs change, new technologies become available and market conditions evolve. We and our Utility Members have made great strides implementing the plan. Some of the highlights of the Responsible Energy Plan include: 
 eliminating all emissions from our coal-fired generating facilities in Colorado and New Mexico by 2030. 
 by 2025, 50 percent of the electricity our Utility Members use is expected to come from clean energy. 
 more local renewables for Utility Members through contract flexibility. 
 promoting participation in a regional transmission organization. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 expanding electric vehicle infrastructure and beneficial electrification. 
 For further information regarding our Responsible Energy Plan, see Item 1 BUSINESS MEMBERS Responsible Energy Plan in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Colorado Electric Resource Plan 
 In December 2023, we filed Phase I of our 2023 ERP with the COPUC, which contained our preferred plan and submitted a filing in April 2024 affirming the preferred plan. Our preferred plan is the IRA scenario, which brings online 1,540 MWs of new resources during the resource acquisition period of 2026-2031, if we are awarded federal funding to support generation additions and provide stranded asset relief under the New ERA Program funding opportunity. Our preferred plan enables us to utilize direct pay of federal tax benefits for renewable and storage resources by increasing our owned resources. Our preferred plan retires Craig Generating Station Unit 3 by January 1, 2028 and, if we receive New ERA Program funding and reach agreements with the applicable parties, our preferred plan retires Springerville Unit 3 by September 15, 2031. These shifts in our generation portfolio included in our preferred plan over the coming years are expected to result in an 89 percent greenhouse gas emissions reduction for our wholesale electricity sales in Colorado in 2030, with respect to a verified 2005 baseline. This emissions reduction exceeds the emissions reduction target of 80 percent in 2030 required by Colorado law. 
 In June 2024, we filed an unopposed executed comprehensive settlement agreement for our Phase I of our 2023 ERP with the COPUC supporting its approval subject to the terms of the settlement, including the above referenced retirements of our generating facilities and retirement dates. The settlement resolves all issues raised by intervening parties for Phase I of our 2023 ERP and provides for updates related to the scope of Phase II procurement of our 2023 ERP, bid evaluation and portfolio modeling, and adds a demand response target for our Colorado peak load in 2030 of 5.5 percent. The settlement agreement provides for us to provide community assistance for northwest Colorado, which is the location of Craig Generating Station. Community assistance includes 22 million in direct total benefit to the northwest Colorado community between 2026 and 2029, with other potential investments providing 48 million in additional benefit to such community between 2028 and 2038. In August 2024, the administrative law judge for the COPUC recommended approval of the settlement agreement and the approval became effective in September 2024. For Phase II of our 2023 ERP, during our resource procurement process, we issued three requests for proposals in September 2024 seeking bids for new dispatchable, renewable, and storage resources for the resource acquisition period of 2026-2031. Bids were received in October 2024 and we expect to file in the first part of 2025 our Phase II implementation report of our 2023 ERP identifying our preferred portfolio for resource acquisitions for the 2026-2031 period. For our dispatchable request for proposal, for any bid for a new natural gas-fired generating facility to be owned by us it must be sited in Moffat County, Colorado. Other gas facility and geothermal bids under a tolling or power purchase arrangement have more geographic flexibility. For further information regarding Phase I of our 2023 ERP, see Item 1 BUSINESS POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Resource Planning in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 New ERA Program 
 In September 2023, we submitted a Letter of Interest to apply for a funding award of low-cost loans and grants through the New ERA Program, a 9.7 billion program that is funded by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Our portfolio proposed in our Letter of Interest was the result of resource and financial modeling performed in connection with our preferred IRA scenario as part of Phase I of our 2023 ERP. In March 2024, we received an Invitation to Proceed from the USDA to complete the New ERA Program Application, and in June 2024, we submitted our Application. In October 2024, we received an award commitment letter from USDA to fund 2.49 billion of our clean energy investments. 
 Our New ERA award supports financing for 1,280 MWs of energy from solar, wind, and wind/storage hybrid projects, more than 100 MWs of stand-alone energy storage projects, and retirement of 1,110 MWs for coal-fired generating facilities, which lessens the financial burden of stranded assets. The New ERA award will support the retirement of Springerville Unit 3, Craig Generating Station Units 2 and 3, and the already retired Escalante Generation Station. The award will also support two future energy storage projects owned by us, three of our existing renewable power purchase agreements, seven future renewable power purchase agreements, and two future wind/hybrid power purchase agreements. The release of the funding from the USDA is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including execution of a loan/grant agreement and applicable security agreement, development and/or implementation of a Community Benefits Plan where applicable and fulfillment of program Community Benefits Plan requirements, environmental approvals dependent on the type of project, and submittal of certain information, documents and certifications dependent on the type of project. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Solar Projects Construction 
 In April 2024, we closed on the acquisition of the 145 MW Axial Basin Solar project being developed in northwestern Colorado located near the Colowyo Mine and issued a notice to an engineering, procurement and construction contractor to proceed with construction. Construction at Axial Basin continues to progress with access roads completed, cable trenching nearing completion, and racking and module installation in progress. All the Axial Basin solar modules have been either received on site, or placed in storage. 
 In May 2024, we closed on the acquisition of the 110 MW Dolores Canyon Solar project being developed in southwestern Colorado and issued a notice to an engineering, procurement and construction contractor to proceed with construction. Construction at Dolores Canyon continues to progress with the power station transformer foundations complete, the access roads and directional bores nearing completion and all the solar modules have been placed in storage. 
 Both projects are expected to achieve commercial operation in the second half of 2025 . We also expect to utilize direct pay of federal tax benefits as provided in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 for both projects. 
 
 Colowyo Mine Transition 
 In September 2024, our Board approved a 2025 budget reflecting a decision to transition from mining to full reclamation at Colowyo Coal's Colowyo Mine in the latter part of 2025. During the third quarter of 2024, we expensed 33.2 million in write-offs of acquisition costs/goodwill and pre-paid royalties related to the Colowyo Mine, and we accelerated approximately 7.4 million in depreciation and amortization related to asset retirement obligations, development costs and depletion of coal reserves . In addition, we anticipate approximately 3.0 million to 5.0 million of obsolete inventory to be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024. Accelerated depreciation and amortization will continue in the fourth quarter of 2024 and through the latter part of 2025 in the approximate amounts of 22.2 million and 72.6 million, respectively. We expect to recognize deferred membership withdrawal income in an amount equal to such expenses resulting in no expected impact to our Utility Member's wholesale rate. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires that our management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. We base these estimates and assumptions on information available as of the date of the financial statements and they are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year. As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes in our critical accounting policies as disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Factors Affecting Results 
 Master Indenture 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had approximately 2.7 billion of secured indebtedness outstanding under our Master Indenture. Substantially all of our tangible assets and certain of our intangible assets are pledged as collateral under our Master Indenture. Our Master Indenture requires us to establish rates annually that are reasonably expected to achieve a DSR of at least 1.10 on an annual basis and permits us to incur additional secured obligations as long as after giving effect to the additional secured obligation, we will continue to meet the DSR requirement on both a historical and pro forma basis. Our Master Indenture also requires us to maintain an ECR of at least 18 percent at the end of each fiscal year. Pursuant to our Master Indenture, DSR and ECR are calculated based on unconsolidated Tri-State financials and calculated in accordance with the system of accounts proscribed by FERC. 
 Margins and Patronage Capital 
 We operate on a cooperative basis and, accordingly, seek only to generate revenues sufficient to recover our cost of service and to generate margins sufficient to meet certain financial requirements and to establish reasonable reserves. Revenues in excess of current period costs in any year are designated as net margins in our consolidated statements of operations. Net margins are treated as advances of capital by our Members and are allocated to our Utility Members on the basis of revenue from electricity purchases from us and to our Non-Utility Members as provided in their respective membership agreement. 
 Our Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, approved and subject to change or waiver by our Board, sets guidelines to achieve margins and retain patronage capital sufficient to maintain a sound financial position and to allow for the orderly retirement of capital credits allocated to our Members. On a periodic basis, our Board will determine whether to retire 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 any patronage capital, and in what amounts, to our Members. As of September 30, 2024, we have retired approximately 605.8 million of patronage capital to our Members. 
 
 Pursuant to our Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, we have historically set rates to achieve a DSR and ECR in excess of the requirements under our Master Indenture in order to mitigate the risk of potential negative variances between budgeted margins and actual margins. Our Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, approved in 2023 in connection with our Board s approval of a revised Class A rate schedule that uses a formula rate, includes three financial ratio goals for which we will set rates based upon an annual budget and true-up from the actual results of the previous fiscal year. The three financial goals are: (i) a minimum DSR of at least 1.15, (ii) a minimum ECR of at least 20 percent, and (iii) a minimum net margin attributable to us in each fiscal year of at least 20 million. 
 Rates and Regulation 
 On September 3, 2019, we became FERC jurisdictional for our Utility Members' rates, transmission service, and our market based rates. In December 2019, we filed with FERC our tariff filings, including our stated rate cost of service filing, market-based rate authorization, and transmission OATT. In March 2020, FERC issued orders generally accepting our tariff filings, subject to refund for sales after March 26, 2020. O n August 2, 2021, FERC approved our settlement agreement related to our Utility Members' stated rate that provides for us to implement a two-stage, graduated reduction in the charges making up our A-40 rate of two percent starting from March 1, 2021 until the first anniversary and four percent reduction (additional two percent reduction from then current rates) on March 1, 2022 until July 31, 2024. 
 In May 2024, we filed with FERC a request to adopt a new Class A wholesale rate schedule (A-41) for electric power sales to our Utility Members. The filing included a 6.4 percent increase in our average wholesale rate. The wholesale rate maintains our postage stamp rate, with the same rate components for all our Utility Members, and incorporated a new formulary rate, which can be adjusted annually based on the budgets approved by our Board, including an annual true-up mechanism. In July 2024, FERC issued an order accepting our A-41 wholesale rate schedule, effective August 1, 2024, subject to refund. FERC further set our rate filing for settlement and hearing procedures and confirmed our accounting treatment, including amortization, and creation of regulatory assets for Escalante Generating Station, Rifle Generating Station, Craig Generating Station Units 2 and 3, and the New Horizon Mine environmental obligation. However, FERC did not authorize us to recover the regulatory assets that represent "acquisition costs/goodwill" for J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal. These costs were on our books prior to us becoming subject to FERC's jurisdiction. FERC stated in its order accepting our A-41 rate schedule that we did not request express authorization to recover acquisition costs including goodwill in our rates. We wrote off the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo "acquisition costs/goodwill" in September 2024 which resulted in recognition of expense of 68.2 million. We recognized deferred membership withdrawal income in September 2024 as part of our rate stabilization measures, therefore, the write off of the J.M Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo acquisition costs/goodwill resulted in no impact to our Utility Members' wholesale rate. Fo r further information, see Item 1 BUSINESS RATE REGULATION in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Our electric sales revenues are derived from wholesale electric service sales to our Utility Members and non-member purchasers. Revenues from wholesale electric power sales to our non-member purchasers is primarily pursuant to our market-based rate authority. 
 Revenues from electric power sales to our Utility Members are primarily from our Class A wholesale rate schedule filed with FERC. Our Class A rate schedule (A-41) for electric power sales to our Utility Members consist of eleven rate components, with three energy based and eight demand based. Our budget used to set our Utility Members' formula rate is set by our Board, consistent with the provision of reliable cost-based supply of electricity over the long term to our Utility Members. Energy is the physical electricity delivered to our Utility Members. The energy-based rates are billed based upon a price per kWh of physical energy delivered and the demand-based rates are billed based on the Utility Member s highest thirty-minute integrated total demand measured in each monthly billing period during our peak period, Monday through Saturday, with the exception of six holidays. 
 In September 2024, our Board approved our 2025 budget with the wholesale rate to our Utility Members unchanged through 2025. 
 Our Board may, from time to time, subject to FERC approval, create new regulatory assets or liabilities or modify the expected recovery period through rates of existing regulatory assets or liabilities. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Status 
 We are a taxable cooperative subject to federal and state taxation. As a taxable electric cooperative, we are allowed a tax exclusion for margins allocated as patronage capital. We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be determined based on the expected future income tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Under the normalization method, changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities result in deferred income tax expense (benefit) and any recorded income tax expense (benefit) therefore includes both the current income tax expense (benefit) and the deferred income tax expense (benefit). Our subsidiaries are not subject to FERC regulation and continue to use a flow-through method for recognizing deferred income taxes whereby changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities result in the establishment of a regulatory asset or liability, as approved by our Board. A regulatory asset or liability associated with deferred income taxes generally represents the future increase or decrease in income taxes payable that will be settled or received through future rate revenues. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 General 
 Our electric sales revenues are derived from wholesale electric service sales to our Utility Members and non-member purchasers. See Factors Affecting Results Rates and Regulation for a description of our energy and demand rates to our Utility Members. Long-term contract sales to non-members generally include energy and demand components. Short-term sales to non-members are sold at market prices after consideration of incremental production costs. Demand billings to non-members are typically billed per kilowatt of capacity reserved or committed to that customer. 
 Weather has a significant effect on the usage of electricity by impacting both the electricity used per hour and the total peak demand for electricity. Consequently, weather has a significant impact on our revenues. Relatively higher summer or lower winter temperatures tend to increase the usage of electricity for heating, air conditioning and irrigation. Mild weather generally reduces the usage of electricity because heating, air conditioning and irrigation systems are operated less frequently. The amount of precipitation during the growing season (generally May through September) also impacts irrigation use. Other factors affecting our Utility Members usage of electricity include: 
 the amount, size and usage of machinery and electronic equipment; 
 the expansion or contraction of operations among our Utility Members commercial and industrial customers; 
 the general growth in population; and 
 economic conditions . 
 Impacts of Supply Chain and Inflation 
 Our ability to meet our Utility Members' electric power requirements and complete our capital projects is dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. The procurement and delivery of materials and equipment have been impacted by the current domestic and global supply chain disruptions. We are experiencing longer lead-times on the procurement of certain materials and equipment. Inflation has contributed to higher prices for materials and equipment. We continue to monitor potential impacts to our operations and estimated capital expenditures and timing of projects related to inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating Revenues 
 Our operating revenues are primarily derived from electric power sales to our Utility Members and non-member purchasers. Other operating revenue consists primarily of wheeling, transmission, leasing, and coal sales. Other operating revenue also includes revenue we receive from certain of our Non-Utility Members. The following is a comparison of our 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 operating revenues and energy sales in MWh by type of purchaser for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-to-period Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent Operating revenues Utility Member electric sales 309,599 357,576 (47,977) (13.4) Non-member electric sales 73,943 51,294 22,649 44.2 Rate stabilization 108,222 14,041 94,181 670.8 Provision for rate refunds (210) 210 (100.0) Other 37,119 15,618 21,501 137.7 Total operating revenues 528,883 438,319 90,564 20.7 Energy sales (in MWh): Utility Member electric sales 4,015,232 4,730,452 (715,220) (15.1) Non-member electric sales 631,218 608,201 23,017 3.8 4,646,450 5,338,653 (692,203) (13.0) 
 Excluding United Power, Utility Member load growth increased 159,548 MWh, or 4.1 percent, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The United Power membership withdrawal on May 1, 2024 resulted in a decrease of 874,768 MWh sold to United Power for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The impact of the United Power membership withdrawal to total Utility Member electric sales (in dollars and MWhs) was lower than anticipated due to the load growth from our remaining Utility Members, and an increase in non-member electric sales. 
 Non-member electric sales revenue increased primarily due to higher long-term sales. Long-term sales increased 321,007 MWhs, or 281.9 percent, to 434,886 MWhs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 113,879 MWhs for the same period in 2023. Partially offsetting the increase in long-term sales, short-term market sales decreased 292,989 MWh, or 60.3 percent, to 196,333 MWh for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 494,322 MWh for the same period in 2023. The ability to sell excess power to non-members after United Power's membership withdrawal contributed significantly to the increase in non-member electric sales. 
 We recognized 108.2 million of previously deferred membership withdrawal income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.0 million during the same period in 2023 as part of our rate stabilization measures. This includes 76.4 million that we recognized in September 2024 to offset the expense recognition related to the 68.2 million write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill and 8.2 million in accelerated expenses related to the transition from mining to full reclamation at the Colowyo Mine in 2025. We expect to recognize additional previously deferred membership withdrawal during the remainder of 2024. 
 Other operating revenue increased primarily due to the sale of excess intangible assets and an increase in lease revenue related to a tolling agreement for our two 70 MW units at the Knutson Generating Station for all capacity and energy through the operation of both units that started on May 1, 2024. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses are primarily comprised of the costs that we incur to supply and transmit our Utility Members electric power requirements through a portfolio of resources, including generation and transmission facilities, long-term purchase contracts and short-term energy purchases and the costs associated with any sales of power to non-members. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of the components of our operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-to-period Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent Operating expenses Purchased power 123,437 120,250 3,187 2.7 Fuel 59,271 71,241 (11,970) (16.8) Production 40,192 44,758 (4,566) (10.2) Transmission 47,984 47,098 886 1.9 General and administrative 32,430 19,663 12,767 64.9 Depreciation, amortization and depletion 60,277 43,120 17,157 39.8 Coal mining 3,238 3,834 (596) (15.5) Goodwill impairment 68,223 68,223 N/A Other 4,471 2,345 2,126 90.7 Total operating expenses 439,523 352,309 87,214 24.8 
 
 Fuel expense decreased primarily due to a lower average rate for natural gas of 147.9 percent, a decrease of 486,426 MWhs in generation by our coal-fired generating facilities, and a decrease of 39,214 MWhs in generation by our natural gas-fired generating facilities, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Depreciation, amortization and depletion increased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and amortization from the transition from mining to reclamation at Colowyo Mine. 
 Goodwill impairment is due to the expense recognition related to the write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating Revenues 
 The following is a comparison of our operating revenues and energy sales in MWh by type of purchaser for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-to-period Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent Operating revenues Utility Member electric sales 863,711 923,977 (60,266) (6.5) Non-member electric sales 148,330 111,729 36,601 32.8 Rate stabilization 125,123 36,862 88,261 239.4 Provision for rate refunds 94 (94) (100.0) Other 80,767 48,162 32,605 67.7 Total operating revenues 1,217,931 1,120,824 97,107 8.7 Energy sales (in MWh): Utility Member electric sales 11,716,367 12,526,839 (810,472) (6.5) Non-member electric sales 1,712,447 1,228,853 483,594 39.4 13,428,814 13,755,692 (326,878) (2.4) 
 
 Excluding United Power, Utility Member load growth increased 531,960 MWh, or 5.3 percent, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The United Power membership withdrawal on May 1, 2024 resulted in a decrease of 1,342,432 MWh sold to United Power for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The impact of the United Power membership withdrawal to total Utility Member electric sales (in dollars and MWhs) was lower than anticipated due to the load growth from our remaining Utility Members, and an increase in non-member electric sales. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Non-member electric sales increased primarily due to higher long-term sales. Long-term sales increased 796,452 MWhs, or 373.0 percent, to 1,009,992 MWhs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 213,540 MWhs for the same period in 2023. Partially offsetting the increase in long-term sales (in dollars and MWhs), short-term market sales decreased 312,858 MWh, or 30.8 percent to 702,455 MWhs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,015,313 MWhs for the same period in 2023. The ability to sell excess power to non-members after United Power s membership withdrawal contributed significantly to the increase in non-member electric sales. 
 We recognized 125.1 million of deferred membership withdrawal income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 36.9 million of deferred membership withdrawal during the same period in 2023 as part of our rate stabilization measures. This includes 76.4 million that we recognized in September 2024 to offset the expense recognition related to the 68.2 million write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill and 8.2 million in accelerated expenses related to the transition from mining to full reclamation at the Colowyo Mine in 2025. We expect to recognize additional previously deferred membership withdrawal income during the remainder of 2024. 
 Other operating revenue increased primarily due to the sale of intangible assets and an increase in lease revenue related to a tolling agreement for our two 70 MW units at the Knutson Generating Station for all capacity and energy through the operation of both units that started on May 1, 2024. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following is a summary of the components of our operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-to-period Change 2024 2023 Amount Percent Operating expenses Purchased power 315,347 316,356 (1,009) (0.3) Fuel 167,819 197,944 (30,125) (15.2) Production 129,375 142,733 (13,358) (9.4) Transmission 140,506 142,406 (1,900) (1.3) General and administrative 77,993 61,738 16,255 26.3 Depreciation, amortization and depletion 149,053 128,191 20,862 16.3 Coal mining 5,343 9,603 (4,260) (44.4) Goodwill impairment 68,223 68,223 N/A Other 10,671 11,057 (386) (3.5) Total operating expenses 1,064,330 1,010,028 54,302 5.4 
 
 Fuel expense decreased due to a decrease of 885,089 MWhs in generation by our coal-fired generating facilities, a decrease of 190,542 MWhs in generation by our natural gas-fired generating facilities, a lower average rate for natural gas of 42.3 percent, and a lower average rate for coal of 5.6 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Production expense decreased due to lower maintenance expenses of 12.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Depreciation, amortization and depletion increased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and amortization from the transition from mining to reclamation at Colowyo Mine. 
 Goodwill impairment is due to the expense recognition related to the write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill. 
 
 Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 Compared to December 31, 2023 
 The principal changes in our financial condition from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 were due to increases and decreases in the following: 
 Assets 
 Construction work in progress increased 109.3 million, or 66.7 percent, to 273.3 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 164.0 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the Axial Basin Solar and the 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Dolores Canyon Solar facility purchases and construction costs, capital expenditures for various transmission and generation projects and migrating and upgrading software systems to hosted solutions. 
 Restricted cash and investments-current increased 16.9 million to 17.6 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 0.7 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due 16.9 million that was deposited with our Master Indenture trustee in September 2024 in advance of our October 1, 2024 debt service payments for the 2014 Private Placement and Moffat County Pollution Control Bonds. In accordance with our Master Indenture, we are required to fund the account one day prior to debt service payments. 
 Deposits and advances increased 45.6 million to 79.0 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 37.5 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to migrating and upgrading software solutions to hosted solutions and prepayments of annual insurance, memberships and licenses. These prepayments are being amortized to expense over the term of the related insurance, membership or license period. 
 Liabilities 
 Short-term borrowings decreased 109.7 million to 74.6 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 184.3 million as of December 31, 2023. The majority of the decrease was due to operating cash flow. 
 Regulatory liabilities increased 582.1 million to 584.4 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 2.3 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to United Power's 709.4 million contract termination payment amount arising from their withdrawal from membership in us and the termination of their wholesale electric service contract with us. Our Board deferred as a regulatory liability 530.1 million of United Power's contract termination payment amount. The remaining 179.3 million was related to a transmission credit for the portion of transmission debt allocated to United Power and required to be deferred pursuant to FERC's December 2023 order and Rate Schedule 281. Regulatory liabilities was also impacted by the recognition of deferred membership withdrawal of 125.1 million during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 as part of our rate stabilization measures. This includes 76.4 million that we recognized in September 2024 to offset the expense recognition related to the 68.2 million write off of the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Colowyo Coal acquisition costs/goodwill and 8.2 million in accelerated expenses related to the transition from mining to full reclamation at the Colowyo Mine in 2025. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We finance our operations, working capital needs and capital expenditures from operating revenues and issuance of short-term and long-term borrowings. As of September 30, 2024, we had 293.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. Our committed credit arrangement as of September 30, 2024 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Authorized Amount Available September 30, 2024 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement 520,000 (1) 445,472 (2) 
 
 (1) The amount of this facility that can be used to support commercial paper is limited to 500 million. 
 (2) The portion of this facility that was unavailable as of September 30, 2024 was 75 million which was dedicated to support outstanding commercial paper. 
 We have a secured 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement with aggregate commitments of 520 million. The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement includes a swingline sublimit of 125 million, a letter of credit sublimit of 75 million, and a commercial paper back-up sublimit of 500 million, of which 125 million of the swingline sublimit, 75 million of the letter of credit sublimit, and 425 million of the commercial paper back-up sublimit remained available as of September 30, 2024. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement is secured under our Master Indenture and has a maturity date of April 25, 2027, unless extended as provided therein. Funds advanced under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest either at adjusted Term SOFR rates or alternative base rates, at our option. The adjusted Term SOFR rate is the Term SOFR rate for the term of the advance plus a margin (1.250 percent as of September 30, 2024) based on our credit ratings. Base rate loans bear interest at the alternate base rate plus a margin (0.250 percent as of September 30, 2024) based on our credit ratings. The alternate base rate is the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus of 1.00 percent, (b) the prime rate, and (c) the adjusted Term SOFR rate plus 1.00 percent. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, events of default and acceleration, including financial DSR and ECR requirements in line with the covenants contained in our Master Indenture. A violation of these covenants would result in the inability to borrow under the facility. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Under our commercial paper program, our Board authorized us to issue commercial paper in amounts that do not exceed the commercial paper back-up sublimit under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, which was 500 million as of September 30, 2024, thereby providing 100 percent dedicated support for any commercial paper outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 , we had 75 million commercial paper outstanding and 425 million available on the commercial paper back-up sublimit. See Note 8 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 for further information. 
 We entered into both a loan agreement and security agreement, dated October 1, 2024, with RUS, a part of the USDA, for a 75 million zero percent interest loan. The loan agreement includes financial DSR requirements in line with the covenants contained in our Master Indenture. This loan was provided by RUS as part of the Rural Energy Savings Program pursuant to the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002. We can draw up to 50 million of this loan as part of our new Electrify and Save On-Bill Repayment Program that allows our Utility Members customers to install energy efficiency measures, at no up-front cost, and repay over time through their monthly utility bill from our Utility Members the costs of the measures and installation, at low interest rates. The remaining 25 million may be used as permitted in our work plan with RUS. Other than a special draw of 3 million that is due at maturity, each draw must be repaid within 10 years. The loan has a final maturity of October 1, 2044 and is not secured under our Master Indenture, but rather secured by certain depository accounts related to the On-Bill Repayment Program and certain rights in our On-Bill Repayment Program. 
 As a requirement of the loan from RUS, we must maintain a letter of credit for the benefit of RUS equal to 50 percent of the amount drawn and outstanding from the loan. We expect to make an initial special draw of 3 million and have provided RUS a letter of credit for 3 million issued under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement for the 3 million special draw and expected upcoming draws as part of our On-Bill Repayment Program. 
 Our First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1 with 128 million outstanding matured on November 1, 2024. The bonds were paid off in full at maturity on November 1, 2024. 
 We have previously purchased our outstanding debt through cash purchases in open market purchases. In the future, we may from time to time purchase additional outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, additional tender offers, or otherwise and may continue to seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt in the future. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. We are mindful of our debt and its maturities and we continually evaluate options to ensure that our balance sheet and capital structure is aligned with our business and the long-term health of our company. 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to fund operations and capital financing needs from projected cash on hand, restricted cash, our commercial paper program, the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, and contract termination payments from withdrawing Utility Members. 
 Cash Flow 
 Cash is provided by operating activities and issuance of debt. Capital expenditures and debt service payments comprise a significant use of cash. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities was 865.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 104.7 million for the same period in 2023, an increase in net cash provided by operating activities of 760.5 million. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily impacted by United Power's contract termination payment of 709.4 million. Additionally, cash provided by operating activities was also impacted by the timing of cash collected from Member accounts receivable, payment of trade payables and accrued expenses and prepayments of annual insurance. 
 Investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities was 218.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 117.0 million for the same period in 2023, an increase in net cash used in investing activities of 101.2 million. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was impacted by additional investments in utility plant and timing of payments we made to operating agents of jointly owned facilities to fund our share of costs to be incurred under each project. Additionally, on May 8, 2024, we sold to United Power certain assets for 75 million that were primarily used to serve United Power's load. 
 Financing activities . Net cash used in financing activities was 443.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 90.5 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease in net cash 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 provided by financing activities of 534.0 million. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due using some of United Power's contract termination payment to payoff the 2023 multiple advance rate term loan and also paying down short-term borrowings. Additionally, financing activities was impacted by a patronage capital retirement of 82.2 million resulting from United Power's withdrawal, with the amount of the discounted patronage capital credit applied to United Power's contract termination payment. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We forecast our capital expenditures annually as part of our long-term planning. We regularly review these projections to update our calculations to reflect changes in our future plans, facility closures, facility costs, market factors and other items affecting our forecasts. After taking into account our our preferred IRA scenario as part of Phase I of our 2023 ERP, in the years 2024 through 2028, we forecast that we may invest approximately 2.60 billion in new facilities and upgrades to our existing facilities. 
 Our actual capital expenditures depend on a variety of factors, including assumptions related to our Responsible Energy Plan and Phase I of our 2023 ERP, receipt of New ERA Program funding and other federal programs, Utility Member load growth or Utility Member withdraws, Bring Your Own Resource Program, availability of necessary permits, regulatory changes, environmental requirements, construction delays and costs, supply chain issues, inflation, and ability to access capital in credit markets. Thus, actual capital expenditures may vary significantly from our projections. 
 Capital projects include several transmission projects to improve reliability and load-serving capability throughout our service area. 
 
 Changing Environmental Regulations 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations with regard to air quality, including greenhouse gases, water quality, and other environmental matters. These environmental laws, rules and regulations are complex and change frequently. Following are updates on recent developments that may impact us: 
 Air Quality 
 Mercury and other Hazardous Air Pollutants . In May 2024, the EPA published final revisions to the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for coal- and oil-fired electric utility steam generating units pursuant to EPA s risk and technology review as required by Section 112 of the Clean Air Act. The EPA finalized a more stringent emission limit for particulate matter, as a surrogate for non-mercury metals, and requirements for installations of particulate matter continuous emissions monitoring systems. We are assessing options related to these requirements. The revisions are subject to litigation. 
 Greenhouse Gas Regulation . In May 2024, the EPA published a final rule regarding emission guidelines for carbon dioxide from certain existing electric generating units under Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act and certain new electric generating units under Section 111(b) of the Clean Air Act. EPA finalized a matrix of emission requirements that depend on a given unit s fuel type, generating capacity, capacity factor, and years of continued operation. Due to applicability thresholds and previously announced retirement dates of our generating facilities, this particular rule does not, or likely will not, affect most of our generating facilities. However, if not overturned, the rule will drive important decision-making about future operation of and investment in Laramie River Generating Station. The regulation is subject to litigation. 
 Other Environmental Matters 
 Coal Ash Regulation . In May 2024, the EPA published a final rule regarding groundwater monitoring, corrective action, closure, and post-closure care requirements for all coal combustion residuals management units under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We are analyzing the final rule for possible impacts on our operations. 
 For further discussion regarding potential effects on our business from environmental regulations, see " Item 1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION " and " Item 1 RISK FACTORS " in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Rating Triggers 
 Our current senior secured ratings are Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody s, BBB (stable outlook) by S P, and BBB+ (negative outlook) by Fitch. Our current short-term ratings are A-2 by S P and F1 by Fitch. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement includes a pricing grid related to the Term SOFR spread, commitment fee and letter of credit fees due under the facility. A downgrade of our senior secured ratings could result in an increase in each of these pricing components. We do not believe that any such increase would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or our future results of operations. However, a downgrade of our senior secured ratings could impact the costs associated with incurring additional debt and could make accessing the debt markets on favorable terms more difficult. 
 We currently have contracts and other obligations that require adequate assurance of performance. These include organized markets contracts, power contracts, natural gas supply contracts and financial risk management contracts. Some of the contracts are directly tied to us maintaining investment grade credit ratings by S P and Moody s. We may enter into additional contracts which may contain adequate assurance requirements. If we are required to provide adequate assurances, it may impact our liquidity and the amount of adequate assurance required will be dependent on our credit ratings . 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes to market risks during the most recent fiscal quarter from those reported in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we completed the migration and upgrade to a new hosted software solution for our accounting and supply chain management systems, along with other systems. The implementation and migration of the new software solution results in material changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. We have updated the internal controls as appropriate and will continue to monitor the impact of the new software solution on our financial reporting business processes. Other than related to the new software solution, there were no changes that occurred during the third quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Information required by this Item is contained in Note 18 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95 to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification, by Duane Highley (Principal Executive Officer) . 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification, by Todd E. Telesz (Principal Financial Officer). 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Duane Highley (Principal Executive Officer). 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Todd E. Telesz (Principal Financial Officer). 
 95 Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit. 
 101 XBRL Interactive Data File. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Duane Highley Duane Highley Chief Executive Officer Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Todd E. Telesz Todd E. Telesz Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tris-20240930xexx311x10xq.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification, by Duane Highley 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Duane Highley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Duane Highley Duane Highley Chief Executive Officer 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tris-20240930xexx312x10xq.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification, by Todd E. Telesz 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 I, Todd E. Telesz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Todd E. Telesz Todd E. Telesz Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tris-20240930xexx321x10xq.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Duane Highley, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Duane Highley Duane Highley Chief Executive Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tris-20240930xexx322x10xq.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd E. Telesz, the Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Todd E. Telesz Todd E. Telesz Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 tris-20240930xex95x10xq.htm
 EX-95

Document 

Exhibit 95 
 Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data 
 Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act requires issuers that are operators, or that have subsidiaries that is an operator, of a coal or other mine to include in periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission certain information relating to citations and orders for violations of standards under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. The following tables disclose information required under the Dodd-Frank Act during the third quarter of 2024. The mine data retrieval system maintained by MSHA may show information that is different than what is provided herein. Any such difference may be attributed to the need to update that information on MSHA s system and or other factors. 

Section Total Dollar 104(d) Value of Total Number Mine Name Section Citations Section Section MSHA of Mining MSHA Section 104 104(b) and 110(b)(2) 107(a) Assessments Related Identification S&S Citations Orders Orders Violations Orders Proposed Fatalities Number (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) (in Thousands, (#) Colowyo Mine 0502962 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 Received Notice of Received Potential to Notice of Have Pattern Legal Actions Legal Actions Legal Actions Pattern of Violations of Violations Pending Initiated Resolved Mine Name Under Under as of the During the During the MSHA Section Section Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Identification 104(e) 104(e) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Number (yes no) (yes no) (#) (#) (#) Colowyo Mine 0502962 No No 0 0 0 

1 

The number of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of September 30, 2024 that fall into each of the following categories is as follows 
 Appeals of Complaints for judges' Contests of Contests of discharge, decisions or Citations Proposed Complaints for discrimination, Applications for orders to Orders Penalties compensation or interference temporary relief FMSHRC Mine Name referenced in referenced in referenced in referenced in referenced in referenced in MSHA Subpart B, Subpart C, Subpart D, Subpart E, Subpart F Subpart H Identification 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR Number Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Colowyo Mine 0502962 0 0 0 0 0 0 

2 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tris-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tris-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tris-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tris-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tris-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

