<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241011_10-Q_edgar_data_1985554_0001683168-24-007065.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1755604</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>42855</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>474280</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>293181</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>435770</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>477467</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007065.hdr.sgml : 20241011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241011081004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241011
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Londax Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001985554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				352807931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-274140
		FILM NUMBER:		241366443

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1621 CENTRAL AVE
		CITY:			CHEYENNE
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3727121419

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PUCES IELA 47
		CITY:			RIGA
		STATE:			1R
		ZIP:			LV-1082

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007065.txt : 20241011

10-Q
 1
 londax_i10q-083124.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Londax Corp. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Quarterly Report pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended 

Transition Report pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

7371 

State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Primary Standard Industrial 
 IRS Employer 
 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 Classification Code Number 
 Identification Number 

, , 

londaxcorp@protonmail.com 

 (Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company n Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Emerging growth company 

Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x 

State the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 
common shares issued and outstanding as of October 10, 2024. 

LONDAX CORP. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

Balance Sheets August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and May 31, 2024 
 4 

Statements of Operations Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Statements of Cash Flows Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 

Notes to the Unaudited Financial Statements 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 17 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION: 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 18 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 18 

Item 4. 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders 
 18 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 18 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 18 

Signatures 
 19 

2 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

The accompanying interim financial statements
of Londax Corp. the Company , we , us or our ), have been prepared without audit
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The interim financial statements are condensed
and should be read in conjunction with the company s latest annual financial statements. 

In the opinion of management, the financial statements
contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal adjustments considered necessary to present fairly the financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented. 

3 

LONDAX CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 May 31, 2024 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid Expenses 

Software in Development 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed Assets, Net 

Software Development Costs, Net 

Website, Net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Notes Payable 

Related Party Loan 

Total Current Liabilities 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and
 outstanding, respectively 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Income (Deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

LONDAX CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three months ended August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Amortization and Depreciation Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Professional Fees 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME /(LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME /(LOSS) 

NET INCOME /(LOSS) PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

5 

LONDAX CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 Three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, May 31, 2024 

Net Income for the three months ended August 31, 2024 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

Inception, May 31, 2023 

Net Income for the three months ended August 31, 2023 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

6 

LONDAX CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Three months ended August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization and Depreciation Expense 

Project-In-Progress 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Software Development Costs 

Website 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Notes Payable 

Related Party Loan 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

7 

LONDAX CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023
(UNAUDITED) 

and a related party loan of . These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is attempting
to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the
Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. While the Company
believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public
or private offering. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

common shares for consideration of at par value 0.001 to director Olegs Pavlovs. The Company owes in Related Party Loan
currently to director as per Incorporation expenses of August 31, 2024. 

in equipment. Depreciation expense of equipment
was as of August 31, 2024. 

. Amortization expense of website development costs was 
as of August 31, 2024 . 

.
On August 31, 2024, the Company capitalized 
of platform development costs. As of August 31, 2024, the total amount of software development costs was . 

The Company believes
that the development of this CRM platform will be relevant for 3 years with its constant testing and improvement. 

to the Company s sole director for the Company s working capital purposes. The amount
is outstanding and payable upon request. 

,
 par value shares of common stock authorized. 

On May 31, 2023 the Company
issued shares of common stock to a director for consideration of at par value 0.001 per share. 

In January 2024 the Company
issued shares of common stock for consideration of at par value 0.03 per share. 

In February 2024 the
Company issued shares of common stock for consideration of at par value 0.03 per share. 

There were 
and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024. 

11 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking
statements that involve risk and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipate ,
 believe , plan , expect , future , intend ,
and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. Investors should be aware that all forward-looking statements
contained within this filing are good faith estimates of management as of the date of this filing. Our actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us in this
report. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Our company was established as a Wyoming corporation
on May 19, 2023. As a developmental-stage enterprise, our primary focus is on offering IT consulting services and software development
solutions. Our web site is https://londaxcorp.com/. Currently, we are in process of developing and implementing our flagship product https://londax.ai/,
which comprises a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) System, Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS), and out-staffing services. Our aim
will be to provide high-quality and innovative business solutions to our clients while ensuring superior customer satisfaction. 

Our principal executive office is located at Puces
iela 47, Riga, Latvia LV-1082. Our phone number is +372 712 1419. 

Our company has developed and implemented a customized
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system that facilitates out-staffing for our clients. Our software is designed to seamlessly integrate
into our clients' corporate structures, enabling them to hire and manage their staff, including top managers and IT specialists, with
ease. 

We are intending
to operate in Europe with potential for working worldwide. From a technical perspective, londax.ai is a web application consisting of
Frontend and Backend components hosted on cloud services provided by AWS. Londax.ai CRM system is developed for analyzing and monitoring
the recruitment process using a funnel (hiring stages) and analyzing the KPIs of the already hired personnel. Currently, our main dashboard
consist of: 1) Segment for Recruitment: funnel, creating job postings (manual \ AI) and portal
for applicants.2)Segment for ;Employees: Profile, password and personal data change and Help. 

For the Artificial Intelligence functionality (advertisement generation),
the OpenAI API is used. 

Revenue 

Our possible revenue streams are following: 

1. 
 Subscription-Based Revenue Model: This revenue stream involves charging clients a monthly or annual fee for access to our CRM system. We can offer various rate plans, enabling clients to choose a subscription that best suits their needs and budget. 

2. 
 Customization Services: We can charge clients on a project basis for customization services. This revenue stream involves working closely with clients to develop customized solutions that meet their specific needs and objectives. 

3. 
 Data Migration Services: We can partner with data management companies to offer data migration services to clients who need to transfer their data from their existing system to our CRM system. This revenue stream involves charging clients a fee for data migration services. 

4. 
 Training and Consulting Services: We can offer training and consulting services to help clients get the most out of our CRM system. This revenue stream involves charging clients a fee for training and consulting services. 

5. 
 Integration Services: We can offer integration services to enable clients to integrate our CRM system with other software solutions. This revenue stream involves charging clients a fee for integration services. 

6. 
 Maintenance and Support Services: We can offer maintenance and support services to ensure that our clients' CRM system is functioning properly and to provide technical support as needed. This revenue stream involves charging clients a fee for maintenance and support services. 

7. 
 Upgrades and Add-Ons: We can offer upgrades and add-ons to our CRM system to provide additional functionality or to keep up with changing technologies. This revenue stream involves charging clients a fee for upgrades and add-ons. 

12 

Marketing and Competition 

Our business is focused on the online market,
and we intend to utilize various online marketing tools to promote our services effectively. To reach our potential clients, we plan to
employ banners, flags, and video advertisements on popular social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. We
will present our services in an organized web catalog that can be easily accessed through our website and mobile application. Our catalog
will be categorized and tagged to facilitate user-friendliness. 

We intend to leverage context advertising tools
such as Google AdWords, Yahoo!, and similar tools provided by AOL and Facebook to attract customer attention. Additionally, we will utilize
SEO (Search Engine Optimization) to ensure that our application and web platform appear at the top of search queries related to our services. 

We will participate in advertising conventions,
workshops, presentations, and similar events to promote our application and services. We will also advertise our services in printed and
electronic issues of magazines, commercial web communities, and communities of advertising professionals. 

To further enhance our promotional activities,
we will establish our social media pages on popular platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. We plan to demonstrate how our
product works and performs on these platforms to increase customer engagement. We will also use WhatsApp accounts to post up-to-date information
and create discussion channels with our customers and interested individuals. We believe that instant messaging platforms like WhatsApp,
Telegram, and others will help us react and interact with our customers more efficiently. 

Our company has designed our services to cater
to small to midsize business entities, with the flexibility to adjust and accommodate their evolving needs as they grow. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry; our
strategy focuses on the following aspects: 

1. 
 Our sole officer and director have professional management and marketing experience and a vast network. 

2. 
 Our customized approach aligns with the values, mission, and market needs of our clients. 

3. 
 We continuously analyze contemporary social media trends without interruption. 

4. 
 We utilize AI, data science, and data analysis to increase efficiency and productivity. 

Despite the presence of numerous competitors in
the market, our advantages include a focus on small and medium-sized businesses, as well as a willingness to work with larger companies.
We prioritize customization and tailor our products and solutions to meet our clients' unique needs, while also providing maximum integration
on their behalf. 

Employees; Identification of Certain Significant Employees. 

We have no employees other than our sole
officer and director, Olegs Pavlovs who currently devotes approximately twenty hours per week to company matters. 

Government Regulation 

Our principal office is located in Latvia and
we are intending to operate in EU (European Union). We are might be subject of following EU governmental regulations: 

GDPR governs the processing of personal data in
the European Union (EU). Our Company must ensure that we comply with GDPR when collecting, storing, and processing personal data through
their software products. 

Consumer Protection Laws. This EU directive establishes
rules for online and distance sales, including software. It covers issues such as the right of withdrawal, warranties, and dispute resolution. 

13 

Copyright Law: Software is subject to copyright
protection in most European countries. Our Company must respect the intellectual property rights of others and enforce their own software
copyrights. 

Export Control Regulations: If our software includes
encryption technology or has other export-controlled components, we may need to comply with EU and national export control regulations. 

E-Commerce Directive: This directive addresses
various legal aspects of e-commerce, including electronic contracts, electronic signatures, and liability of online service providers. 

Antitrust and Competition Laws: Our Company must
comply with EU and national competition laws, which can affect software pricing, distribution, and licensing practices. 

VAT (Value Added Tax): VAT rules can vary from
country to country within the EU, and they may apply to the sale of our software products. 

Contract Law: Software sales often involve licensing
agreements and contracts. Company should ensure that our contracts comply with applicable contract laws and are enforceable. 

Network and Information Security Directive (NIS
Directive): This directive imposes cybersecurity requirements on operators of essential services and digital service providers. 

Sanctions and Embargoes: Depending on the nature
of our software and its use cases, we may need to be aware of EU sanctions and embargoes that restrict the sale or export of certain software
products to specific countries. 

Offices 

Our business office is located at Puces iela 47,
Riga, Latvia LV-1082. This address was provided by sole officer and president, Mr. Pavlovs. Our telephone number is +372
712 1419 . 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

During the past ten years, none of the following
occurred with respect to the President of the Company: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person
was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction
in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3)
being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the commodities futures trading
commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

14 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Results of Operations for the three months ended August 31, 2024
and 2023: 

Revenue 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024 and
2023, the Company generated total revenue of 25,708 and 10,600, respectively, from providing services to its customers. 

Operating expenses 

Total expenses for the three months ended August
31, 2024 were 15,411 7,898 for the three months ended August 31, 2023) consisting of amortization and depreciation expense of 338 85 for the three months ended August 31, 2023); general and administrative expenses of 4,627 9 for the three months ended August
31, 2023); professional fees of 10,446 7,804 for the three months ended August 31, 2023). 

Net Income (Losses) 

The company recorded a net income of 10,297 for
the three months ended August 31, 2024, and 2,702 for the three months ended August 31, 2023. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of May 31, 2024, the Company had 1,664 in
cash and our liabilities were 18,772, comprising 14,512 in accounts payable and 4,260 owed to Olegs Pavlovs, our sole officer and director. 

As of August 31, 2024, the Company had 1,959
in cash and our liabilities were 4,260, comprising 4,260 owed to Olegs Pavlovs, our sole officer and director. 

Since inception, we have sold 5,231,135 shares of
common stock to our director and shareholders. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024 net
cash flows used in operating activities was 43,635. 

For the three months ended August 31, 2023 net
cash flows used in operating activities was 2,787. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024 net
cash flows provided by or used in investing activities was 28,828. 

For the three months ended August 31, 2023 net
cash flows provided by or used in investing activities was 3,500. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024 net cash flows provided
by financing activities was 14,512. 

For the three months ended August 31, 2023 net cash flows provided
by financing activities was 3,500. 

15 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OR PLAN OF OPERATION 

You should read the following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes and other financial
information included elsewhere in this report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere
in this report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

We qualify as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as
we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

provide an auditor attestation with respect to management s report on the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding
mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial
statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation
and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards. 

We will remain an emerging growth
company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual
gross revenues is 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates
is 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued
more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

As of the date of these financial statements,
the current funds available to the Company should be sufficient to continue maintaining our reporting status for a minimum period of 12
months from the date of this statement or until we raise funds from this offering, whichever occurs earlier. 

In case our short-term expenses exceed our expectations,
the company s sole officer and director, Olegs Pavlovs, has indicated that he may be willing to provide funds required to maintain
the reporting status in the form of a non-secured loan until minimum required proceeds are obtained by the Company. However, there is
no contract in place or written agreement securing this agreement. We believe that we will obtain this loan from our director as he is
the majority owner of the company and therefore has an incentive to finance us. 

16 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY; NEED FOR ADDITIONAL
CAPITAL 

There is no historical financial information about
us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated sufficient revenues.
We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of
a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services
and products. 

We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or
expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

None 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that
is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision
and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of August 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the quarterly period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

17 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

During the past ten years, none of the following
occurred with respect to the President of the Company: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person
was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction
in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3)
being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the commodities futures trading
commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

None 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM 4. 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITIES HOLDERS 

None 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

During
the quarter ended August 31, 2023, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation
S-K. 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are included as part of
this report by reference: 

31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in XBRL, and included in
exhibit 101) 

18 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LONDAX CORP. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ 
 Olegs Pavlovs 

Name: 
 Olegs Pavlovs 

Title: 
 
 President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 londax_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

I, Olegs Pavlovs, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Londax Corp. 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and; 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls. 

Dated: October 10, 2024 
 
 /s/ Olegs Pavlovs 

Olegs Pavlovs 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 londax_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

I, Olegs Pavlovs, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Londax Corp. 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and; 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls. 

Dated: October 10, 2024 
 
 /s/ Olegs Pavlovs 

Olegs Pavlovs 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 londax_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Londax Corp. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Olegs Pavlovs, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This certification accompanies this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Dated: October 10, 2024 
 
 /s/ Olegs Pavlovs 

Olegs Pavlovs 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 londax_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Londax Corp. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Olegs Pavlovs, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This certification accompanies this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Dated: October 10, 2024 
 
 /s/ Olegs Pavlovs 

Olegs Pavlovs 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

