<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241126_10-Q_edgar_data_1831114_0001477932-24-007624.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9896255</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80493</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6303059</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1109428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>918312</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1367441</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007624.hdr.sgml : 20241126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241126095303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007624
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Novusterra Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831114
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS METAL ORES [1090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				853129871
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-276911
		FILM NUMBER:		241498817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7135 COLLINS AVE
		STREET 2:		NO.624
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-865-8193

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7135 COLLINS AVE
		STREET 2:		NO.624
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33141

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007624.txt : 20241126

10-Q
 1
 nvstrr_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

nvstrr_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to _________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , ) (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant s principal executive offices) Gregory Q. Jensen Chief Executive Officer 12175 Visionary Way, Suite 420, Fishers, IN 46038 (317) 537-0270 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Trading Name of each exchange on which Title of each class Symbol(s) registered Not listed on any exchange currently. Symbol has been reserved. As of November 25, 2024, shares of common stock, no par value per share were issued and outstanding. Novusterra Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 5 Condensed Statements of Operation (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Condensed Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 8 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 22 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 26 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 26 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 27 Item 1A. Risk Factors 27 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 27 Item 3. Default upon Senior Securities 27 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 27 Item 5. Other Information 27 Item 6. Exhibits 28 PART III SIGNATURES 30 2 Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE Pursuant to Rule 461 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), Novusterra, Inc. requested that the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission declare effective the Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed by Novusterra Inc. (the Company on August 12, 2024. As requested, effectiveness was granted by the Commission as of August 12, 2024, 5:00 PM. By requesting and receiving this effectiveness from the Commission, Novusterra, Inc., acknowledged its awareness of its responsibilities under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as they relate to the proposed public offering of the securities specified in the effective Registration Statement. As used in this Report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, the Company and Novusterra Inc. refer to the condensed operations of Novusterra, Inc. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, plans and prospects, existing and prospective products, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, and plans and objectives of management for future operations and results, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section titled Risk Factors in the final prospectus, dated August 12, 2024 (the Prospectus ), and as further updated in this Report under Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors, and in our other filings with the SEC, that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 3 Table of Contents These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks, including, without limitation, the following: the results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings announcements of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission lack of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or market opportunities in the smart glass industry changes in government policies in the United States and, as our international business increases, in other foreign countries changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our Common Stock or failure of our actual results of operations to meet those expectations market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles any lawsuit involving us, our services or our products arrival and departure of key personnel sales of Common Stock by us, our investors or members of our management team and changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural or man- made disasters. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this prospectus will prove to be accurate. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should read this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Where You Can Find More Information All reports we file with the SEC are available for download free of charge via the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval (EDGAR) System on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We also make electronic copies of our reports available for download, free of charge, through our website at https://www.evolvtechnology.com/ as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this Report. 4 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited) Condensed Balance Sheets Unaudited September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Total current assets Non-current assets: Intangible assets Right-of-use asset Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payables Accrued expenses Accrued interest Other current liabilities Convertible debt, net discount of and respectively Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders Equity Preferred stock - no par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Class A Common stock - no par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements 5 Table of Contents Condensed Statements of Operations Unaudited For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Revenue: Consulting services revenue Total revenue Cost of Sales: Consulting fees expense Total cost of sales Gross Profit Operating expense: General and administrative Research and development Total operating expense Loss from operations Other expense: Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt Total other expenses, net Loss before provision for income taxes Provision for income tax Net loss Loss per share: Basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements 6 Table of Contents Condensed Statements of Stockholders' Equity For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Unaudited Additional Total Common Stock A Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 Net loss - Balance at March 31, 2024 Stock based compensation Warrants issued as part of debt modification Repurchase of shares outstanding Net loss - Balance at June 30, 2024 Issuance of common stock for research and development expenses Net loss - Balance at September 30, 2024 Additional Total Common Stock A Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Net loss - Balance at March 31, 2023 Net loss - Balance at June 30, 2023 Stock based compensation - Net loss Balance at September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements 7 Table of Contents Condensed Statement of Cash Flows Unaudited For the nine For the nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flow from operating activities: Net Loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of right to use asset Stock based compensation Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt Stock based research and development Amortization of intangible assets Accretion of debt discount Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued interest Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of common stock Net cash used in financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash - beginning of period Cash - end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Disclosures of non-cash activities under investing and financing activities: Forgiveness of accrued interest Common stock issued for research and development See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements 8 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) Class B shares and Class A shares of the Company, comprising of ownership and of voting power of the Company in exchange for ARC using the Company to build a Graphene Manufacturing Operation using certain technology to which ARC has sublicensed to the Company. The second agreement is a Graphene Development Agreement with ARC that provided us with a nonexclusive sublicense from ARC (the Sublicense ). The Sublicense is for certain patents ARC currently has licensed from Ohio University pursuant to a separate License Agreement relating to the manufacture of Graphene using carbon and carbon byproducts as a raw material. Pursuant to the agreement, we agreed to raise funds to develop and market Graphene made through this Sublicensed patented technology. Due to this agreement, the Company changed its main operations from a Rare Earth Element Processing Factory to building a manufacturing plant to make Graphene and market it using the patented technology of the Sublicense with ARC. The agreement also provided that the Company and ARC are each entitled to receive fifty percent of the operating profits from our Graphene manufacturing and marketing business activity. On August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement for the exclusive rights of the above mentioned patented technology which ARC currently has licensed from Ohio University pursuant to the License Agreement relating to the manufacture of Graphene using carbon and carbon byproducts (referred to herein as, Exclusive Rights ). For the Exclusive Rights, the Company paid ARC an additional common shares of the Company. . Use of Estimates 9 Table of Contents 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Research and Development for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were no research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash and Cash Equivalents at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Accounts Receivable Revenue Recognition 10 Table of Contents 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) of net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our contracts do not contain any unsatisfied performance obligations. Impairment analysis for long-lived assets and intangible assets Fair Value of Financial Instruments 11 Table of Contents 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Derivative Financial Instruments Leases months or less are excluded from minimum lease payments and are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes operating lease costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term for short term leases. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the reasonably certain lease term. The operating lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Operating lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Income Taxes Related Party Transactions 12 Table of Contents 2.SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was stock-based compensation of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Stock-based compensation is included in general and administrative expense. Reclassifications Recently Adopted Pronouncements Sub license (Exclusive) Less accumulated amortization Total intangible assets, net 13 Table of Contents 3. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED) Class A shares of the Company. Based on a recent sale of equity at per share, these shares were valued at and the entire amount is classified as intangible assets. On August 30, 2022, the Company entered into another agreement with ARC in exchange for an additional shares of the Company. Based on an independent 409a valuation of the Company as of August 30, 2022, these shares were valued at , or per share, and the entire amount is classified as intangible assets. With this agreement, the Company has obtained the exclusive rights of the patented technology which was licensed in the previous transactions. The independent company performing the 409a valuation utilized the fair value standard set forth by FASB ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, defined as the amount at which the liability could be incurred in a current transaction between willing parties, that is, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The fair value of the sub license was based on quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or inputs that are observable which represent Level 2 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. Fair value is the price, in terms of cash or equivalent, that a buyer could reasonably expect to pay, and a seller could reasonably be expected to accept, if the business were exposed for sale on the open market for a reasonable period. Amortization expense was and for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense was for the three-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Future amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total , which represents of original issue discount, together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . . Related to this original note, accrued interest of and was expensed for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accrued interest of and was expensed for the three-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Debt discount of and was expensed for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Debt discount of and was expensed for the three-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. On or about October 4, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to SAS Partners LLC for the principal sum of , which represents of original issue discount, together with interest at the rate of per annum, with a maturity date of . . Related to this original note, accrued interest of and was expensed for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accrued interest of and was expensed for the three-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Debt discount of and was expensed for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Debt discount of and was expensed for the three-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 14 Table of Contents 4. CONVERTIBLE DEBT (CONTINUED) per share or the price of the public offering of the Company upon the occurrence of a public offering, whichever is more favorable for the holder. On April 4, 2024, Westside Advisors LLC and SAS Partners LLC agreed to waive all previous accrued interest for the above-noted convertible promissory notes and extend both notes until , for the issuance of a total of warrants with a three-year expiration date and an exercise price of per share. For the remaining extended period of the convertible promissory notes, interest will accrue at a rate of per annum and all interest will be due upon maturity. Such warrants will be distributable to the following grantees and warrant quantity. warrants Midwest General Investment Company LLC warrants Liberty Hill Capital Management LLC warrants Homewood Holdings LLC warrants SAS Partners LLC warrants Westside Advisors LLC warrants The amended convertible debt agreements as of April 4, 2024 were analyzed for accounting treatment in accordance with ASC 470. Based on the analysis, it was determined a substantial modification has occurred and thus should be accounted for as an extinguishment under debt modification accounting. Under debt modification accounting, the new debt instrument will be recorded at its fair value. In addition, the above respective warrants issued by the Company as part of the amended debt agreement are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with a stock price of per share and volatility of which are figures based on the most recent 409A valuation. The fair value of the new debt instrument and the warrants issued were determined to be and , respectively, as of April 4, 2024. These respective fair values have been used to determine the extinguishment loss of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Related to the amended notes, accrued interest of and was expensed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Regarding the amended notes, there was no accrued interest expensed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. A summary of the convertible debts and related discounts is below: Debt discount Net The following table presents the changes in the debt discount due to the convertible debt modification on April 4, 2024: Accretion of debt discount, pre-modification Fair market of debt discount on debt modification Debt discount expense, post-modification Debt discount as of September 30, 2024 15 Table of Contents Directors fees payable Officers salaries payable Rent payable Total Dividends Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to stockholders Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic and Diluted Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders per share Basic and Diluted Dividends Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to stockholders Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic and Diluted Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders per share Basic and Diluted 16 Table of Contents authorized shares of capital stock, which consists of (i) shares of Class A common stock, at no par value per share; and (ii) shares of preferred stock, at no par value per share. The holders of Class A common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share and shall be entitled to dividends as shall be declared by the Company s Board of Directors from time to time. The Company had shares and shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company had stock-based compensation of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was stock-based compensation of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company entered into an agreement to repurchase shares of Class A common stock from Clifford Hunt for , or per share, on March 23, 2024. The transfer and payment for these shares occurred on May 13, 2024. The common stock shares were initially issued for legal services rendered in 2021 and therefore a portion of the repurchase price was allocated to legal expense and repurchase of common stock ). The Company issued 1,100,000 shares of Class A common stock to Land Resources Royalties LLC (LRR) for feedstock inventory valued at 490,600. See Note 9, the related party footnote, for additional information on the transaction. New Stock Option Issuances On June 30, 2024, the Company issued employee stock options to board members. The options allow the holder to purchase Class A Common shares at a price of . The options vest immediately and expire on . On June 4, 2024, the Company issued employee stock options to certain executives. The options allow the holder to purchase Class A Common shares at a price of . The options vest immediately and expire on . On August 30, 2023, the Company issued employee stock options to various executives, contractors and board members. The options provide the option to purchase Class A Common shares at a price of . The options vest immediately and expire on . The Company uses the Black Scholes option pricing model to value its options. The significant inputs are as follows for all options issued: Expected Volatility Risk-free rate Expected life of options Company Options: Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2023 1,800,000 0.446 Granted Forfeited or Expired - - Exercised - - Outstanding September 30, 2024 Exercisable (Vested) September 30, 2024 17 Table of Contents State income taxes net of federal income tax benefit and others Permanent differences for tax purposes and others Change in valuation allowance Effective tax rate The income tax benefit differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of , primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Other temporary differences Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had available net operating loss carryovers of approximately and , respectively which have an indefinite carryforward period. The Company has a deferred tax asset arising from the benefits of such net operating loss deduction and has recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of this deferred tax asset since it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. Debt discount Convertible debt, net of debt discount The Company issued a convertible promissory note to Westside Advisors LLC. Mark Jensen is the CEO of American Resources Corporation ARC and the CEO of Westside Advisors LLC. Westside Advisors LLC and SAS Partners LLC agree to waive all accrued interest for the above-noted convertible promissory notes and extend both notes until January 5th, 2025 for the issuance of a total of warrants with a three-year expiration date and an exercise price of per share. Such warrants will be distributable to the following grantees and warrant quantity. Mark Jensen, Westside Advisors, LLC, and Steve Segal, SAS Partners, LLC, distributed the below warrants to these grantees as the respective grantee owners were all instrumental in executing the two agreements discussed below between ARC and the Company. warrants Midwest General Investment Company LLC warrants Liberty Hill Capital Management LLC warrants Homewood Holdings LLC warrants SAS Partners LLC warrants Westside Advisors LLC warrants 18 Table of Contents 9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) At September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any accounts receivable due from a related party and there were no related party revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, the Company had of accounts receivable due from a related party, ARC. The balance due to the Company relates to consulting services provided to ARC. There were related party revenues of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The and of consulting services revenue is recorded in the statement of operations as revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. On September 30, 2024, the Company executed two agreements, one agreement with Land Resources Royalties LLC (LRR) and the second is with McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC (MEC). Mark Jensen is an owner in LRR and he is also the CEO of American Resources Corporation ARC and the CEO of Westside Advisors LLC. MEC is a wholly owned subsidiary of American Infrastructure Corporation AIC and AIC is a wholly owned subsidiary of ARC. The agreement with LRR is to purchase the total feedstock inventory (slurry, fines and carbon feedstock) owned by LRR located on the Big Groundhog Branch in Pike County, Kentucky. The consideration paid by Novusterra to LRR for the purchased feedstock was paid immediately to LRR in the form of shares of Novusterra common stock. Using the most recent 409A valuation performed by a third party, Novusterra has valued the purchase internally at 490,600, or .446 per share. The purchase price of for the feedstock has been recorded in research and development expense in the condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. MEC is the operator on the Big Groundhog Branch location which LRR owns. MEC will provide the dredging, material processing and loading services for the Company. The Company has agreed to pay per short ton for dredging cost, per short ton for processing cost and per short ton for loading cost. On May 1, 2021, the signing of the lease resulted in the initial recognition of operating lease ROU asset of and liability of . Operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is not readily determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our variable lease payments primarily consist of maintenance and other operating expenses from our real estate leases. Variable lease payments are excluded from the ROU assets and lease liabilities and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 19 Table of Contents 10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) for the 12-month term which is being accounted for as a short-term lease and therefore is being expensed over the 12-month term of the lease. In accordance with ASC 842, the components of lease expense were as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Total lease expense Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Operating lease expense Total lease expense In accordance with ASC 842, other information related to leases was as follows: Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Operating cash flows from operating leases Cash unpaid for amounts considered in the measurement of lease liabilities (disclosed under other current liabilities) Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases Years Years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 20 Table of Contents 10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Reconciliation of lease liabilities: Weighted-average remaining lease terms Years Weighted-average discount rate Present values Lease liabilities current Lease liabilities long-term Lease liabilities total Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows Contingencies The Company is subject to various legal proceedings from time to time as part of its business. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was not currently party to any legal proceedings or threatened legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, it believes would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us, our, and the Company and/or Novusterra Inc. refer to Novusterra, Inc. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predicts, project, shall, should, would and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview Novusterra Inc. will specialize in the development and production of carbon nanostructures, carbon nanotubes and graphene (collectively defined herein as Graphene ). In addition, Novusterra Inc. will license our acquired patented technology and production techniques to other companies in order to produce Graphene. Currently, the Company is developing application specific graphene products from carbon-based waste streams. Our patented technologies were designed to make use of an abundant and low-cost feedstock of carbon-based waste in an environmentally friendly process. We are targeting developing graphene products that will be used in water filtration, electronic devices, energy storage, agriculture fertilizer recycling and sustainable infrastructure such as concrete and asphalt. The superior characteristics of Graphene include a very light weight and thin material at one carbon atom thick. Graphene is also extremely strong, an excellent conductor of heat and electricity and has unique light absorption abilities. Due to these key characteristics, we are focusing on developing Graphene that can be used in the manufacturing of application specific products such as water filters, electronic devices, electronic chips, sensors, batteries, capacitors, supercapacitors, drug delivery systems, solar cells and composite additives and coatings in infrastructure such as concrete and asphalt. To date, we have not commenced any production of any such Graphene products. The Company is still in the bench and pilot scale phases of developing Graphene using our patented technology. The Company began researching the ability to produce Graphene due to the relationship the Company s management team had with American Resources Corporation (NASDAQ: AREC) ARC as a result of prior business activities. ARC through its wholly owned subsidiary, Advanced Carbon Material LLC ACM ), signed an exclusive license agreement with Ohio University (the License Agreement to manufacture Graphene using carbon and carbon byproducts as a raw material using the patented technology owned by Ohio University. The suite of patents was originally developed by Dr. Gerardine Botte, the current Whitacre Department Chair in Chemical Engineering at Texas Tech University and an independent board member of ARC and Chief Technical Officer of ACM. Dr. Botte developed and patented these technologies when she served as Ohio University's Distinguished Professor and Russ Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering. On March 31, 2021, we entered into a Graphene Development Agreement with ARC that provided us with a nonexclusive sublicense from ARC (the Sublicense ). The nonexclusive sublicense is for certain patents ARC currently has licensed from Ohio University pursuant to the License Agreement relating to the manufacture of Graphene using carbon and carbon byproducts as a raw material. Pursuant to such agreement, we agreed to raise funds via an initial public offering in order to develop and build a manufacturing facility to produce and market Graphene commercially. To date, the Company has not raised funds through an initial public offering or developed and built a manufacturing facility. Additionally, pursuant to such agreement, the Company is bound by Diligence Milestones which include developing a final design for a pilot facility to exploit the Licensed Product completion of construction of the pilot facility developing a final design for a commercial facility to exploit the Licensed Product identifying feedstock material sources for the Licensed Product completing construction of the commercial facility obtaining the first commercial sale of product exploiting the Licensed Product and obtaining net sales of a minimum of 1,000,000.00. The deadlines for these various Diligence Milestones run from January 1, 2022, through January 1, 2026. Currently the following milestones are in default: Develop a final design for a pilot facility exploiting the Licensed Product (Date to be Completed/Achieved: January 1, 2022); Complete construction of the pilot facility exploiting the Licensed Product (Date to be Completed/Achieved: January 1, 2023); Develop a final design for a commercial facility exploiting the Licensed Product (Date to be Completed/Achieved: January 2, 2023); Complete construction of the commercial the commercial facility exploiting the Licensed Product (Date to be Completed/Achieved: January 1, 2024).Additionally pursuant to such agreement we agreed to Diligence Milestones which include obtaining the first commercial sale of product exploiting the Licensed Product by January 1, 2025 and obtaining net sales of a minimum of 1,000,000.00 by January 1, 2026. 22 Table of Contents The agreement also provided that the Company and ARC are each entitled to receive fifty percent (50 of the operating profits from our Graphene manufacturing and marketing business activity. As part of the above two agreements, Andrew Weeraratne was replaced by Mark Jensen, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chairman of the Board of ARC, as the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors. On March 24, 2022, ARC signed an exclusive sublicense with Kenai Defense Company, LLC Kenai for the Department of Defense, defense and space industries, within the United States DOD and within any respective defense and space industries of any allied country to the United States. As consideration for the sublicense with Kenai, ARC or its assignees will receive a two percent (2 royalty on all sales of licensed products by Kenai, or any affiliate or licensee of Kenai. In addition, Kenai shall pay ARC or its assignees an annual payment equal to twenty percent (20 of the profits of licensed products by Kenai, or any affiliate or licensee of Kenai, for the preceding fiscal year. On August 30, 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement for the exclusive rights of the patents which ARC currently has licensed from Ohio University pursuant to the License Agreement relating to the manufacture of Graphene using carbon and carbon byproducts other than the license to Kenai Defense Company, LLC (referred to herein as, Exclusive Rights ). For the Exclusive Rights, the Company paid ARC 4,000,000 common shares of the Company with an estimated valuation of 1,784,000 in stock of Novusterra Inc., or a value of .446 per share. The valuation of the stock is based on a 409a valuation completed by an independent third party. As part of the acquisition of the Exclusive Rights to the patents, Andrew Weeraratne resigned as director and CEO of the Company and Gregory Jensen joined the company as CEO and Director. Mark Jensen resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mark LaVerghetta joined the company as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the acquisition, Novusterra is no longer obligated to pay ARC fifty percent (50 of the operating profits from our Graphene manufacturing and marketing business to ARC. In addition, ARC has assigned the exclusive sublicense agreement rights for the defense and space industries with Kenai to Novusterra. In order to further develop our sublicensed graphene technology, we have signed a lease agreement with ARC to lease land and building structures that ARC owns in Kentucky. The lease is intended to be used to develop, test and build a Graphene manufacturing facility, with such lease payments to be accrued until we have received the proceeds from outside funding mechanisms. Once we have received additional proceeds, we plan to expand our team to help us design, purchase and install the necessary equipment needed to begin the process of manufacturing Graphene from carbon and carbon byproducts. Graphene has been unknowingly produced in small quantities for centuries, through the use of pencils and other similar applications of graphite. However, only in recent years have the valuable qualities of Graphene been discovered. In 1947, Canadian physicist Philip Wallace wrote a pioneering paper about the electronic behavior of graphite that sparked considerable interest in the field. Further, in 1960, Nobel Prize winning chemist Linus Pauling speculated about how flat, single layers of Carbon atoms would behave. In 1962, such materials were named "Graphene" by German chemist Hanns-Peter Boehm, who had spotted them under his electron microscope the year before. We have listed detailed uses of Graphene along with our marketing and commercialization strategy elsewhere in this registration statement. However, to briefly outline, Graphene can be used for a wide variety of applications such as water filtration, electronic devices, energy storage, agriculture fertilizer recycling and sustainable infrastructure such as concrete and asphalt. Results of Operations Revenues Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were 289,795 and 14,400, respectively. The increase in revenue was due to an increase in consulting revenue earned from Kenai Defense. Currently, the Company is a subcontractor on two DOD contracts, in which Kenai Defense is the main contractor on the DOD contracts. Cost and Expenses Consulting fees expense . Consulting fees expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 207,750 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was due to consulting services received from Texas Tech University and Dr. Gerardine Botte, CTO, for the Company. Texas Tech University is providing consulting services to the Company to further progress and develop our patented technology for creating graphene and other carbon nanomaterials. Dr. Gerardine Botte developed the patented technology which the Company has the sublicense rights to and which is being utilized in our subcontractor relationship with Kenai Defense. 23 Table of Contents General and administrative . General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 98,900 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in general and administrative expenses for the comparative periods is primarily due to higher filing cost, legal cost, accounting and audit costs and higher compensation cost. Research and development . On September 30, 2024, the Company executed an agreement with Land Resources Royalties LLC (LRR) to purchase the total feedstock inventory (slurry, fines and carbon feedstock) owned by LRR located on the Big Groundhog Branch in Pike County, Kentucky. The approximate sum of the total feedstock obtained is estimated to be 13,656,060 short tons of feedstock, which is estimated to result in approximately 1,092,485 short tons of coal at 20 ash after dredging, material processing and loading. The consideration paid by Novusterra to LRR for the purchased feedstock was paid immediately to LRR in the form of 1,100,000 shares of Novusterra common stock. Using the most recent 409A valuation performed by a third party, Novusterra has valued the purchase internally at 490,600, or .446 per share. The purchase price of 490,600 for the feedstock has been recorded in research and development expense in the condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Interest expense . Interest expense relates to the accrued interest and debt discount expensed for the original and amended convertible debt agreements in place for the Company. The activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is consistent with the same period for 2023 and is consistent with the amortization schedules in place for these debt arrangements. Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt . On April 4, 2024, Westside Advisors LLC and SAS Partners LLC agreed to waive all previous accrued interest for the outstanding convertible promissory notes and extended both notes until January 5th, 2025, for the issuance of a total of 2,000,000 warrants. The amended convertible debt agreement was analyzed for accounting treatment in accordance with ASC 470. Based on the analysis, it was determined a substantial modification has occurred and thus should be accounted for as an extinguishment under debt modification accounting. Under debt modification accounting, the new debt instrument was recorded at its fair value. In addition, the above respective warrants issued by the Company as part of the amended debt agreement are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the new debt instrument and the warrants issued were determined to be 250,000 and 788,000, respectively, as of April 4, 2024. These respective fair values were used to determine the extinguishment loss of 727,634 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows in the short- and long-term to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs, debt service, acquisitions, other commitments and contractual obligations. We consider liquidity in terms of cash flows from operations and other sources, including availability under our credit facility, and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. Historically, we have financed our operations and acquisitions from a combination of cash generated from operations and periodic borrowings under the convertible note offerings. Our primary cash needs are for day-to- day operations, to fund working capital requirements, to fund our growth strategy, including acquisitions, and to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness. The Company currently has no contractual and other arrangement cash requirements. Since what we currently have is Exclusive Rights to make Graphene using carbon and carbon byproducts, using patented technology licensed by ARC, it is difficult to accurately estimate the cost to build the Graphene production factory, since that will require us to hire industry engineers who will assist us in building the Graphene factory and locating and installing the necessary equipment. Once we have received additional funds from additional debt financing, we will use the proceeds to hire such experts. After we have the proceeds from the additional debt financing, we estimate our administration fee to be approximately 65,000 per month or 780,000 annually. This estimate is based on approximately 500,000 for general and administrative salaries and 280,000 for other general and administrative cost such as insurance, accounting cost for the annual audit, quarterly reporting and other reporting requirements, tax preparation and legal fees. We do not anticipate receiving any revenue from Graphene production sales for at least 24 months but do anticipate receiving consulting or licensing revenues. For consulting, currently we are the subcontractor on two DOD contracts, in which Kenai is the main contractor on the DOD contracts. These contracts each span over approximately two-year periods. The first contract for the DOD was signed on August 23, 2022, and involves working with Kenai and the United States (US) Air Force to further develop and commercialize one of our patented technologies to produce Graphene products to reinforce concrete and asphalt in US Government air strips. This contract will generate minimal consulting revenue of 27,000 to the Company but will provide approximately 6.5 million of DOD funds to help further develop our patented technology. This contract was initially signed by American Resources Corporation prior to the Company acquiring the Exclusive Rights to the patented technology obtained on August 30, 2022. As part of the patented technology purchase on August 30, 2022, there was an Amendment to the original purchase agreement to clarify the DOD contract. The amendment clarified that this DOD contract was transferred from American Resources Corporation to the Company. Per the amendment, American Resources Corporation will receive 10 of all revenue from this contract and the Company will receive 90 of all revenue. See the exhibits for the First Amendment to the Agreement dated August 30 th , 2022, between Novusterra Inc. and American Resources Corporation. This contract terminated on September 30, 2024. The contract can be terminated by either party for the following reasons: (i) a material breach if not cured within five (5) days of receipt of written notice ; (ii) by either party at any time and without prior notice, if the other party is convicted of any crime or offense, fails or refuse to comply with the written policies or reasonable directives of Kenai or its affiliate institutions, or is guilty of serious misconduct in connection with performance under this agreement; or (iii) by either party at any time with thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. Under the agreement, the Company will perform the following services as outlined in the contract: (i) Advise the Kenai research team on technical matters related to nanomaterial production from coal feedstock; (ii) Support Kenai in the finalization of bench scale production modeling and workflow visualization; (iii) Assist in establishing the bench-scale carbon nanomaterial production apparatus including equipment identification and equipment integration; (iv) Assist with carbon nanomaterial optimization for material characteristics enhancements; (v) Collaborate with the Kenai research tea on the design and finalization for the carbon nanomaterial production method to increase the scale of production; and (vi) Support with Kenai Air Force research project as a technical advisor. For additional details on the first DOD contract, see the exhibits for the original Consulting Services Agreement between Kenai Defense Company and American Resources Corporation dated August 23, 2022. 24 Table of Contents The second contract for the DOD was signed on February 8, 2024 and involves working with Kenai and the United States (US) Army to perform consulting services as relating to the production, optimization and scaling of coal-derived nanomaterials. This contract will generate approximately 1 million in consulting revenue to the Company along with another approximately 6 million of DOD funds to help further develop our technology. This contract will terminate on September 24, 2025. During the term of the contract, it can be terminated by either party for the following reasons:.(i) If the Subcontractor materially fails to comply with this Subcontract or is in breach of any provision of this Subcontract, Kenai Defense may terminate this Subcontract upon fifteen (15) days written notice to the Subcontractor ; (ii) If the Customer (DOD) terminates the Prime Contract with Kenai Defense, Kenai Defense will terminate this Subcontract upon written notice to the Subcontractor. Such termination will be effective immediately and Kenai Defense will only compensate the Subcontractor for actual costs incurred to that date ; (iii) Either Party may terminate this agreement with or without cause upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other Party. Under the contract, the Company will perform the various consulting services as outlined in the subcontractor statement of work in the contract. For additional details on the contract and the statement of work outlined, see the Consulting Agreement - Kenai Defense and Novusterra Sub - Final Executed - 2-8-24 contract in the exhibits. On December 31, 2023, the Company signed a research agreement with Texas Tech University TTU ), a public institution of higher education of the State of Texas. The research agreement period covers the period of January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025. Over the term of the agreement, the Company will pay TTU an amount not to exceed 588,000. The Company will make payments according to the deliverable schedule included in Attachment A of the research agreement. See the exhibits for the Research Agreement with Texas Tech. As part of the research agreement, TTU will assist and provide consulting, technical knowledge and various deliverables to Novusterra and Kenai as part of the second contract with the DOD discussed above. Consistent with the second contract with the DOD discussed above, the primary objective of this research agreement with TTU is to demonstrate and scale the production of carbon nanomaterials from coal. The agreement may be extended for additional periods as desired under mutually agreeable terms and conditions that the parties reduce to writing and signing. Either party may terminate this agreement upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to each other. If either party commits any breach of or default in any of the terms or conditions of this agreement and fails to remedy such default or breach within ninety (90) days, the party giving notice may terminate this agreement by sending notice of termination in writing to the other party. The termination would be effective as of the date of the receipt of notice. Currently, we have no written or oral communication from stockholders, directors or any officers to provide us any forms of cash advances, loans or sources of liquidity to meet our working capital needs or long-term or short-term financial needs. Capital Resources. Currently we have no commitment to utilize cash on hand. However, based on our current cash on hand and working capital needs, we plan to seek additional sources of equity or debt financing in future periods. Class A Common Stock. The Company is able to issue shares of Novusterra Inc. Class A Common Stock for working capital, research and development and investment opportunities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company has issued Class A Common Stock 15,578,954 and 14,482,430, respectively, for execution of the Company s business plan and services. The Company s ability to raise funds through the sale of equity capital is likely to be impacted by the significant number of shares of Class A Common Stock that have been issued. When our Class A Common Stock become listed for trading on a stock exchange, it will become fairly traded. Future sales of shares on a stock exchange that have been registered may result in downward pressure on the stock price, thereby making it more difficult for us to raise additional equity capital without resulting in dilution to our existing stockholders. Convertible Notes. The Company has historically raised funds primarily through the issuance of convertible notes. The notes carried and interest rate of 15 and offered a conversion feature to common equity at 4.00 for each share. The Company may in the future utilize this structure to raise additional capital. All convertible notes remain outstanding and unconverted at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The convertibles notes amounted to 250,000 and 241,332 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Warrants. As of September 30, 2024, there are a total of 2,000,000 outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock, each with a per share exercise price of .10. Upon exercise of any warrants, we would receive the exercise price. The likelihood that holders of warrants will exercise any warrants is dependent upon acceptance to a stock exchange and the future trading price of the Class A Common Stock. Until such time as acceptance to a stock exchange and the stock price for our Class A Common Stock exceeds .10, we do not anticipate there will be any exercises of the warrants. As such, we do not consider the warrants for purposes of budgeting our sources of cash. At September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents totaled 85,420. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that we are required to disclose pursuant to these regulations. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into operating lease commitments, purchase commitments and other contractual obligations. These transactions are recognized in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 25 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements requires management to utilize estimates and make judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The estimates are evaluated by management on an ongoing basis, and the results of these evaluations form a basis for making decisions about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements are reasonable. The critical accounting policies affecting our financial reporting are summarized in Note 2 to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Recent accounting standards We have determined that all other issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements are inapplicable or insignificant to us and once adopted are not expected to have a material impact on our financial position. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Because we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include any disclosure under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 26 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Company is a newly started business and may contain the ordinary risks all new businesses have to go through in the early years. We were formed on September 21, 2020, and our objective is to further develop our patented technology and to build a Graphene manufacturing facility. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of the early stage of development, our unproven business strategy, and our capital needs. Like most newly begun companies, we have incurred losses since we began and may continue to incur losses. As a development stage company, we face numerous risks and uncertainties in implementing our business plan and there are no assurances that we will be successful. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Default upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures N/A Item 5. Other Information None. 27 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed herewith: Exhibit No. Description Filed with 3.1 Articles of Incorporation Novusterra Inc. Previously filed (1) 3.2 Amended Articles of Incorporation Novusterra Inc. Previously filed (1) 3.3 Bylaws of Novusterra Inc. Previously filed (1) 4.1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant Previously filed (1) 10.1 Agreement dated March 31, 2021 by and between Novusterra Inc., and American Resources Corp. Previously filed (1) 10.2 Graphene Development Agreement dated as of March 31, 2021 by and between Novusterra Inc. and American Resources Corporation Previously filed (1) 10.3 First Amendment to Graphene Development Agreement dated as of May 14, 2021 by and between Novusterra Inc. and American Resources Corporation Previously filed (1) 10.4 Loan payable Agreement dated as of September 24, 2020 by and between Novusterra Inc., and I Andrew Weeraratne Previously filed (1) 10.5 Carbon Purchase Agreement dated as of April 24, 2021 by and between Novusterra Inc., and American Resources Corporation Previously filed (1) 10.6 The Exclusive License Agreement signed on February 10, 2021 by and between American Resources Corporation and Ohio University Previously filed (1) 10.7 Consulting Services Agreement between Kenai Defense Company and American Resources Corporation dated August 23, 2022. Previously filed (1) 10.8 Consulting Agreement between Gerardine Botte and Novusterra Inc. dated January 1, 2024 Previously filed (1) 10.9 Exclusive Rights Agreement between Novusterra Inc. and American Recourses Corporation dated August 30, 2022 Previously filed (1) 10.10 First Amendment to Exclusive Rights Agreement between Novusterra Inc. and American Recourses Corporation dated September 5, 2022 Previously filed (1) 10.11 Employment Agreement between Novusterra Inc. and Gregory Q. Jensen dated January 1, 2023 Previously filed (1) 10.12 Employment Agreement between Novusterra Inc. and Josh Brumbaugh dated January 1, 2023 Previously filed (1) 10.13 Novusterra Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan Previously filed (1) 10.14 Research Agreement between Novusterra Inc. and Texas Tech University dated December 31, 2023 Previously filed (1) 10.15 Westside Advisors LLC Assignment Agreement dated August 30, 2022 Previously filed (1) 10.16 Consulting Agreement - Kenai Defense and Novusterra Sub - Final Executed 2-8-24 Previously filed (1) 10.17 Facilities Lease Agreement - Perry County Warehouse Lease Previously filed (1) 28 Table of Contents 10.18 NOVS Convertible Promissory Note Modification - 4-4-24 (Westside Advisors and SAS) Previously filed (1) 10.19 Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Westside Advisors LLC Previously filed (1) 10.20 Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement SAS Partners LLC Previously filed (1) 10.21 American Resources Corporation and Kenai Defense SubLicense Agreement dated March 24, 2022 Previously filed (1) 10.22 Agreement with LRR Filed Herewith 10.23 Agreement with MEC Filed Herewith 14.1 Code of Conduct Previously filed (1) 14.2 Financial Code of Ethics Previously filed (1) 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (CEO) Filed Herewith 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (CFO) Filed Herewith 32.1 Section 1350 Certification (CEO) Filed Herewith 32.2 Section 1350 Certification (CFO) Filed Herewith 99.1 Audit Committee Charter Previously filed (1) 99.2 Compensation Committee Charter Previously filed (1) 99.3 Nominating Committee Charter Previously filed (1) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document Filed Herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 The cover page for the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101 attachments). ________ Filed herewith (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Form S-1, dated August 12, 2024, as amended, and incorporated by reference herein. 29 Table of Contents PART III SIGNATURES SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. NOVUSTERRA INC. By: /s/ Gregory Q. Jensen Name: Gregory Q. Jensen Title: Chief Executive Officer Date: November 25, 2024 By: /s/ Joshua D. Brumbaugh Name: Joshua D. Brumbaugh Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: November 25, 2024 30 

<EX-10.22>
 2
 nvstrr_ex1022.htm
 AGREEMENT WITH LRR
 
 nvstrr_ex1022.htm EXHIBIT 10.22 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 nvstrr_ex1023.htm
 AGREEMENT WITH MEC
 
 nvstrr_ex1023.htm EXHIBIT 10.23 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 nvstrr_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nvstrr_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Gregory Q. Jensen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NOVUSTERRA INC.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 25, 2024 NOVUSTERRA INC. /s/: Gregory Q. Jensen Gregory Q. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 nvstrr_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nvstrr_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer I, Joshua D. Brumbaugh, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NOVUSTERRA INC.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 25, 2024 NOVUSTERRA INC. /s/: Joshua D. Brumbaugh Joshua D. Brumbaugh, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 nvstrr_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nvstrr_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report of NOVUSTERRA INC., (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory Q. Jensen, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. NOVUSTERRA INC. /s/: Gregory Q. Jensen Gregory Q. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer November 25, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 nvstrr_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nvstrr_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Novusterra Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joshua D. Brumbaugh, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. NOVUSTERRA INC. /s/: Joshua D. Brumbaugh Joshua D. Brumbaugh, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer November 25, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nvstrr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 nvstrr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nvstrr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nvstrr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

