<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1767042_0001767042-24-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10441244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152474</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1764129</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3636056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2490898</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2198301</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001767042-24-000063.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107172743
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001767042-24-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kodiak Gas Services, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001767042
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				833013440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41732
		FILM NUMBER:		241437236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9950 WOODLOCH FOREST DRIVE, 19TH FLOOR
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		936-539-3300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9950 WOODLOCH FOREST DRIVE, 19TH FLOOR
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Frontier TopCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001767042-24-000063.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 kgs-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kgs-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 ____________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 ____________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 ____________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 ____________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 49 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 50 
 Signatures 
 51 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, goal, seek, believe, project, estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may, should, will and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding: 
 Expected operating results, such as revenue growth and earnings, and our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 Anticipated levels of capital expenditures and uses of capital; 
 Current or future volatility in the credit markets and future market conditions; 
 Potential or pending acquisition transactions or other strategic transactions, the timing thereof, the receipt of necessary approvals to close such transactions, our ability to finance such transactions, and our ability to achieve the intended operational, financial and strategic benefits from any such transactions; 
 Expected synergies and efficiencies to be achieved as a result of our acquisition of CSI Compressco LP CSI Compressco and such acquisition, the CSI Acquisition 
 Expectations regarding leverage and dividend profile as a result of the CSI Acquisition, including the amount and timing of future dividend payments; 
 Expectations of the effect on our financial condition of claims, litigation, environmental costs, contingent liabilities, and governmental and regulatory investigations and proceedings; 
 Production and capacity forecasts for the natural gas and oil industry; 
 Strategy for customer retention, growth, fleet maintenance, market position and financial results; 
 Our interest rate hedges; and 
 Strategy for risk management. 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 A reduction in the demand for natural gas and oil; 
 The loss of, or the deterioration of the financial condition of, any of our key customers; 
 Nonpayment and nonperformance by our customers, suppliers or vendors; 
 Competitive pressures that may cause us to lose market share; 
 The structure of our Contract Services contracts and the failure of our customers to continue to contract for services after expiration of the primary term; 
 Our ability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses, including CSI Compressco, and realize the expected benefits thereof; 
 Our ability to fund purchases of additional compression equipment; 
 A deterioration in general economic, business, geopolitical or industry conditions, including as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas War, inflation and slow economic growth in the United States; 

Table of Contents 

A downturn in the economic environment, as well as inflationary pressures; 
 International operations and related mobilization and demobilization of compression units, operational interruptions, delays, upgrades, refurbishment and repair of compression assets and any related delays and cost overruns or reduced payment of contracted rates; 
 Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to our tax positions; 
 The loss of key management, operational personnel or qualified technical personnel; 
 Our dependence on a limited number of suppliers; 
 The cost of compliance with existing and new governmental regulations, including climate change legislation; 
 The cost of compliance with regulatory initiatives and stakeholders pressures, including environmental, social and governance scrutiny; 
 The inherent risks associated with our operations, such as equipment defects and malfunctions; 
 Our reliance on third-party components for use in our information technology systems; 
 Legal and reputational risks and expenses relating to the privacy, use and security of employee and client information; 
 Threats of cyber attacks or terrorism; 
 Agreements that govern our debt contain features that may limit our ability to operate our business and fund future growth and also increase our exposure to risk during adverse economic conditions; 
 Volatility in interest rates; 
 Our ability to access the capital and credit markets or borrow on affordable terms to obtain additional capital that we may require; 
 Major natural disasters, severe weather events or other similar events that could disrupt operations; 
 Unionization of our labor force, labor interruptions and new or amended labor regulations; 
 Renewal of insurance; 
 The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; and 
 Such other factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Report. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 KODIAK GAS SERVICES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Fair value of derivative instruments Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets, net Fair value of derivative instruments Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Contract liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance cost Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 per share; shares of preferred stock authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares of common stock authorized, and shares of common stock issued as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; and shares held as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) Noncontrolling interest Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

KODIAK GAS SERVICES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Contract Services Other Services Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below): Contract Services Other Services Depreciation and amortization Long-lived asset impairment Selling, general and administrative (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment ) Total operating expenses Income from operations Other income (expenses): Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Gain (loss) on derivatives ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other expenses, net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders: Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

KODIAK GAS SERVICES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Shares Preferred Shares Additional Paid- In Capital Treasury Shares Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 Equity compensation - profits interests ) Net loss ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 Distribution to parent ) ) ) Equity compensation Net income Balance, June 30, 2023 Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter discount Offering costs ) ) Debt novation Equity compensation - profits interests Equity compensation - Omnibus Plan Net income Balance, September 30, 2023 Balance, January 1, 2024 Equity compensation - profits interests, net of forfeitures Equity compensation - Omnibus Plan, net of forfeitures Offering costs ) ) Dividends and dividends equivalents paid to stockholders per common share) 
 ) ) Restricted Stock Units vested under the Omnibus Plan, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Net income Other Balance, March 31, 2024 Issuance of common shares for business acquisition Issuance of preferred shares and noncontrolling interest for business acquisition ) Equity compensation - profits interests, net of forfeitures Equity compensation - Omnibus Plan, net of forfeitures Offering costs ) ) Dividends and dividends equivalents paid to stockholders per common share) 
 ) ) Restricted Stock Units vested under the Omnibus Plan, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income Other ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 Equity compensation - profits interests, net of forfeitures Equity compensation - Omnibus Plan, net of forfeitures Dividends and dividends equivalents paid to stockholders per common share) 
 ) ) Restricted Stock Units vested under the Omnibus Plan, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Net effect on deferred taxes and taxes payable related to the vesting of restricted stock Repurchase of common shares ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

KODIAK GAS SERVICES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Long-lived asset impairment Equity compensation expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Non-cash lease expense Provision for credit losses Inventory reserve (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment ) Change in fair value of derivatives Deferred tax provision Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities, exclusive of effects of business acquisition: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Contract assets ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Contract liabilities Other assets Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash acquired in acquisition of CSI Compressco LP Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and sale of entity Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on debt instruments Payments on debt instruments ) ) Principal payments on other borrowings ) Payment of debt issuance cost ) ) Dividends paid to stockholders ) Repurchase of common shares ) Principal payments on finance leases ) Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter discounts Offering costs ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Cash paid for shares withheld to cover taxes ) Net effect on deferred taxes and taxes payable related to the vesting of restricted stock Distribution to parent ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental cash disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: (Increase) decrease in accrued capital expenditures ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Dividends equivalent Issuance of common shares in acquisition of CSI Compressco LP Issuance of preferred shares and noncontrolling interest in acquisition of CSI Compressco LP Non-cash debt novation ) Non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt ) Non-cash offering costs ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

KODIAK GAS SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. 
 operating segments: Compression Operations and Other Services. After the acquisition of CSI Compressco LP CSI Compressco and such acquisition, the CSI Acquisition on April 1, 2024, the Company manages its business through the following operating segments: Contract Services and Other Services and operates predominantly in the U.S., with international subsidiaries that have limited operations in Mexico, Argentina and Chile. Contract Services consists of operating Company-owned compression, customer-owned compression, and gas treating and cooling infrastructure, pursuant to fixed-revenue contracts, to enable the production, gathering and transportation of natural gas and oil. Other Services consists of station construction, maintenance and overhaul, freight and crane charges, part sales and other time and material-based offerings. 
 Kodiak operates its business and the majority of the Company s assets and liabilities under its subsidiary Kodiak Gas Services, LLC Kodiak Services ). Kodiak is the primary beneficiary of Kodiak Services, which is a variable interest entity, since the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Kodiak Services economic performance and the Company has the right (and obligation) to receive benefits (and absorb losses) of Kodiak Services that could be potentially significant to the Company. 
 See Note 20 Segments to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2. 
 of the issued and outstanding partnership interests of CSI Compressco pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, dated December 19, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), for total consideration of million, consisting of the issuance of the equity shares in the CSI Acquisition. CSI Compressco provided contract services related to the exploration and production of oil and natural gas, including natural gas compression services and treating services, and provided aftermarket servi ces and compressor package parts and components manufactured by third-party suppliers. Strategically, the CSI Acquisition is expected to afford us the opportunity to capture significant synergies associated with our product and service offerings, further penetrate new and existing markets, and achieve administrative efficiencies and other strategic benefits. 
 Under the Merger Agreement, CSI Compressco unitholders received shares of common stock, par value per share, of Kodiak common stock for each CSI Compressco common unit owned, and certain CSI Compressco unitholders meeting specified requirements (the Electing Unitholders elected to receive limited liability company units OpCo Units representing economic interests in Kodiak s subsidiary, Kodiak Services (along with an equal number of shares of Kodiak s non-economic voting preferred stock), for each CSI Compressco common unit they held. Each OpCo Unit will be redeemable at the option of the holder for (i) share of common stock (along with cancellation of a corresponding share of preferred stock) or (ii) cash at Kodiak Services election, following a days post-closing lock-up and subject to certain conditions. On or after April 1, 2029, Kodiak shall have the right to effect redemption of such OpCo Units. The OpCo Units represent and will be accounted for as noncontrolling interests in Kodiak Services. Each share of preferred stock entitles the holder to vote per share, voting proportionally with holders of common stock. The preferred stock lacks economic benefits beyond its par value of per share (with a maximum value of ), as it does not participate in earnings or cash dividends of Kodiak. Rather, it solely represents a voting share. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock (with an equal number of OpCo Units) with an estimated fair value of million based on the Company s stock price on April 1, 2024 of . 
 Additionally, subsequent to the close of the CSI Acquisition, the Company used additional draws on the ABL Facility (see Note 10 for further description) of million to repay, terminate and/or redeem all of CSI Compressco s existing 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventory Prepaid expenses other current assets Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment Right of use assets Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets acquired Deferred tax liabilities Long term debt Other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total identifiable assets acquired less liabilities assumed Goodwill acquired 
 The allocation of purchase price to CSI Compressco s net assets and liabilities as of April 1, 2024, is preliminary and subject to the potential identification of additional assets and contingencies or revisions to the deferred income taxes or fair value calculations. As a result, the fair value may be subject to adjustments pending completion of final valuations and post-closing adjustments, and the final purchase price allocation could differ materially from the preliminary allocation above. Actual purchase price allocation amounts will be disclosed in subsequent filings. The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. The methodologies used, and key assumptions made, were based on a combination of the income approach, market approach, and cost approach. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized measurement period adjustments of million, primarily related to updated valuations of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and deferred tax liabilities. The measurement period adjustment increased goodwill acquired from million to million. 
 The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are categorized in the following levels: 
 Level 1 - Cash and cash equivalents; based on observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 - Receivables, inventory, right of use assets, prepaid expenses and other current assets, other non-current assets, long term debt and other current and non-current liabilities; based on inputs that are observable such as quoted prices in markets that are not active (e.g. quoted pricing on CSI Compressco s debt), or inputs which are observable, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
 Level 3 - Intangible assets, property, plant and equipment; based on unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and which assumption are made about how market participants would price the assets or liabilities. The Company used a combination of the income, cost and market approaches based on various assumptions and inputs. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

million allocated to nondeductible goodwill and is supported by the strategic benefits (discussed above) expected to be generated from the CSI Acquisition. The assessment of assigning goodwill to our respective segments is not complete as of the issuance date of our condensed consolidated financial statements. The acquired property, plant and equipment is stated at fair value, and depreciation on the acquired property, plant and equipment is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated remaining useful lives of each asset in line with the Company s polices. The acquired intangible assets as of the CSI Acquisition date represent approximately million for customer relationships, and million for the trademarks/trade names that are stated at estimated fair value and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from to years. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our revenues include million and million, respectively, associated with the CSI Acquisition after the closing on April 1, 2024. It is impracticable to determine the earnings recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 as we initiated the integration of a substantial portion of CSI Compressco into our ongoing operations during the current period. In addition, acquisition-related costs of approximately million and million were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to external legal fees, transaction consulting fees, and due diligence costs. These costs have been recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information 
 Earnings ) 
 (1) No pro forma effect, as amounts included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Sale of Assets 
 On September 12, 2024, the Company sold certain property, plant and equipment and other assets in the U.S. and our entity in Canada to a third-party buyer. The majority of the operations were included in the Contract Services segment through the date of sale. At the disposal date, total net assets sold were million, consisting primarily of compression equipment, inventory, and other assets. Upon disposition, we incurred a loss of million included in (gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 3. 
 
 It is the Company s opinion that all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The Company s results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. For further information, refer to the Consolidated 
 7 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 Other Services Total services provided over time Services provided or goods transferred at a point in time: Contract Services Other Services Total services provided or goods transferred at a point in time Total revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Services provided over time: Contract Services Other Services Total services provided over time Services provided or goods transferred at a point in time: Contract Services Other Services Total services provided or goods transferred at a point in time Total revenue 
 8 

Table of Contents 

, and at the end of the term, transition to a month-to-month term if not cancelled by either party. The monthly service for a location is substantially the same service month to month and is promised consecutively over the contract term. The progress and performance of the service are measured consistently using a straight-line, time-based method; the performance obligations are satisfied evenly over the contract term as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the service. Consistent with Kodiak s satisfaction of its performance obligations, the customer renders payment for services over time in accordance with the terms of the contract. 
 If variable consideration exists, it is allocated to the distinct monthly service within the series to which such variable consideration relates. The Company has elected to apply the right to invoice practical expedient to recognize revenue for such variable consideration, as the invoice corresponds to the value transferred to the customer based on the Company s performance completed to date. 
 Other Services 
 Other Services consists of a full range of services to support any ancillary needs of customers, including station construction, maintenance and overhaul, freight and crane charges, and other time and material-based offerings. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 9 

Table of Contents 

The Company had contract assets of million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. There was a million contract asset balance as of January 1, 2023. 
 The Company s contract liabilities were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. As of January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2023, the beginning balances for contract liabilities were million and million, all of which was recognized as revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Performance Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations related to the Company s revenue for the Contract Services segment is billion. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations related to the Company s revenue for the Other Services segment is million, of which million is expected to be recognized by December 31, 2024. 
 
 5. 
 Less: allowance for credit losses Accounts receivable, net 
 The allowances for credit losses were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, which represents the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses included within the Company s existing accounts receivable balance. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recorded a net increase in the allowance for credit losses of million. 
 Current-period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against allowance Balance at December 31, 2023 Current-period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against allowance ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 10 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 Serialized parts Total inventories, net 
 
 7. 
 Field equipment Buildings and shipping containers Technology hardware and software Trailers and vehicles Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Land Other Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and impairment ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and is recorded within depreciation and amortization on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Depreciation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition of CSI Compressco Measurement period adjustment Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 ) Customer relationships ) Total identifiable intangible assets ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Original Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Amount Remaining Weighted Average Amortization Period (years) Trade name ) Customer relationships ) Total identifiable intangible assets ) 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and is recorded within depreciation and amortization on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 9. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we determined that certain events occurred to a group of non-operating compression units associated with a certain customer in bankruptcy that indicated the carrying value of assets may not be recoverable. As a result, we recorded an impairment of compression equipment of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. impairment was recorded, and no triggering events were identified for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 10. 
 2029 Senior Notes Total debt outstanding Less: unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance cost Other borrowings Total long-term debt and other borrowings 
 ABL Facility 
 On March 22, 2023, wholly owned subsidiaries of Kodiak entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended or restated from time to time, the ABL Credit Agreement or ABL Facility ), which mainly served to extend the maturity date from 
 13 

Table of Contents 

billion. As of September 30, 2024, there were million in letters of credit outstanding under the ABL Facility. 
 Pursuant to the ABL Credit Agreement, the Company must comply with certain restrictive covenants, including a minimum interest coverage ratio of x and a maximum Leverage Ratio (calculated based on the ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA, each as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement). The maximum Leverage Ratio is (i) to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 and (ii) to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter. 
 The ABL Credit Agreement also restricts the Company s ability to: incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; pay certain dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem equity interests; prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; issue certain preferred units or similar equity securities; make loans and investments; sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; incur liens; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into agreements restricting the Company s restricted subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; enter into certain swap agreements; amend certain organizational documents; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 The ABL Facility is a revolving credit facility that includes a lockbox arrangement whereby, under certain events, remittances from customers are forwarded to a bank account controlled by the administrative agent and are applied to reduce borrowings under the facility. One such event occurs if availability under the ABL Credit Agreement falls below a specified threshold (i.e., the greater of million or of the aggregate commitments at the time of measurement). As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, availability under the ABL Facility was in excess of the specified threshold, and, as such, the entire balance was classified as long-term in accordance with its maturity. 
 Third Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On January 22, 2024, Kodiak entered into the Third Amendment to the ABL Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment, among other things, amended certain provisions of the ABL Facility (i) to accommodate the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (see Note 2 - Acquisitions and Divestitures and (ii) to account for the Company s organizational structure after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Lender fees and costs totaling million were incurred related to the Third Amendment and will be amortized over the life of the loan to interest expense. 
 In addition, the Third Amendment amended the ABL Facility to (i) update the maximum secured leverage ratio to (x) to 1.00 for the first four fiscal quarters after the Company issues any unsecured indebtedness and (y) to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter, (ii) modify the triggers for commencing a cash dominion period (i.e., a period when the administrative agent applies proceeds in the deposit accounts to reduce borrowings under the ABL Credit Agreement), such that a cash dominion period will commence if availability under the ABL Credit Agreement is less than million for more than five consecutive business days or if certain types of events of default occur, (iii) include customary provisions relating to the designation of unrestricted subsidiaries (i.e., subsidiaries that are not required to become loan parties or be bound by the covenants contained in the ABL Credit Agreement), (iv) provide that only material domestic restricted subsidiaries are required to become guarantors and collateral grantors under the ABL Facility, and (v) permit the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and liens and to make additional investments, dividends, distributions, redemptions and dispositions. 
 The weighted average interest rate as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, was and , respectively, excluding the effect of interest rate swaps. The Company pays an annualized commitment fee of on the unused portion of its ABL Facility if borrowings are greater than of total commitments and on the unused portion of the ABL Facility if borrowings are less than of total commitments . 
 All obligations under the ABL Facility are collateralized by essentially all the assets of the Company. We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 On February 2, 2024, Kodiak Services issued aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes ), pursuant to an indenture, by and among the Company and certain other subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The Company s 2029 Senior Notes are not subject to any mandatory redemption or sinking fund requirements. The 2029 Senior Notes are subject to redemption at a make-whole redemption price, inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest. This make-whole redemption price is determined 
 14 

Table of Contents 

of the principal amount of the notes or the present value of remaining principal and interest payments discounted semi-annually to the redemption date using the applicable treasury rate plus . Before February 15, 2026, the Company has the option to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes issued under this indenture, limited to the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings. Following February 15, 2026, the Company retains the right to redeem all or a portion of the 2029 Senior Notes, with redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, along with accrued and unpaid interest. 
 2027 2028 and thereafter 
 The indenture governing the Company s 2029 Senior Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability to create liens securing certain indebtedness, enter into certain sale-leaseback transactions, or consolidate, merge or transfer certain assets. The covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. The Company was in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2024. Fees and costs totaling million were incurred related to the 2029 Senior Notes and will be amortized over the life of the loan to interest expense. 
 The proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the ABL Facility and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the 2029 Senior Notes offering. In connection with the close of the CSI Acquisition on April 1, 2024, the Company used proceeds from additional draws on the ABL Facility to repay, terminate and/or redeem all of CSI Compressco s existing outstanding indebtedness, except for certain equipment financing obligations, and pay fees and expenses related to the notes offering and the CSI Acquisition. 
 Term Loan 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of Kodiak had a term loan (the Term Loan ), pursuant to a credit agreement with unaffiliated unsecured lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 On June 29, 2023, the Company terminated all interest rate swaps and collars attributable to the Term Loan, recognized a gain on derivatives and received cash of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (the Term Loan Derivative Settlement ). On July 3, 2023, in connection with the IPO, the Company used the net proceeds from the IPO, together with the proceeds resulting from the Term Loan Derivative Settlement and borrowings under the ABL Facility, to repay million of borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan. Additionally, a subsidiary of Kodiak entered into a Novation, Assignment and Assumption Agreement Novation Agreement with Frontier TopCo Partnership, L.P. Kodiak Holdings ), an affiliate of EQT AB and holder of record of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. common stock, pursuant to which all of the Company s remaining obligations under the Term Loan were assumed by Kodiak Holdings, and the Company s obligations thereunder were terminated. The Company is no longer a borrower or guarantor and is not otherwise obligated with respect to the debt outstanding under the Term Loan. As part of the million repayment of the Term Loan, unamortized debt issuance costs of million and fees of million were recorded to loss on extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2023. The carrying value of the Term Loan novated under the Novation Agreement of million (comprised of million of principal balance less million of unamortized debt issuance costs) was considered an equity transaction with the parent and recorded to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statement of stockholder s equity for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs of million, as of September 30, 2024, are being amortized over the respective terms of the ABL Facility and 2029 Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2023, debt issuance costs of million were being amortized over the term of the ABL Facility. Amortization expense related to these costs of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, are included in interest expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, are included in interest expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 Other Borrowings 
 Upon the completion of the CSI Acquisition, the Company has finance agreements with a third party in the amount of million to finance certain compression equipment. The notes are payable in monthly installments totaling million for months. As of September 30, 2024, amounts due under the finance agreements totaled million. The current portion of this amount, million, is classified in accrued liabilities and the long-term portion, million, is classified in other long-term liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 11. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

12/14/2022 12/5/2024 12/14/2022 12/5/2024 6/16/2022 6/14/2025 5/2/2024 9/2/2025 12/6/2024 12/6/2025 6/15/2022 6/14/2026 6/22/2022 6/22/2026 12/6/2024 12/6/2026 5/2/2024 3/2/2027 6/14/2022 5/18/2027 6/16/2022 5/19/2027 7/8/2022 5/19/2027 12/6/2024 12/6/2027) Total gain (loss) on derivatives ) 
 Location Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Interest rate collars (Loss) on derivatives ) Interest rate swaps Gain on derivatives Total gain on derivatives 
 
 12. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Interest rate swap- non-current Contingent consideration 2029 Senior Notes (1) 
 Carrying Value As of December 31, 2023 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Interest rate swap- current Interest rate swap- non-current Contingent consideration 
 (1) Carrying value and fair value exclude the deduction for the unamortized debt issuance costs, see Note 10 Debt and Credit Facilities for details. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 and shares of common stock issued, respectively. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock are entitled to receive, ratably, the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of all liabilities. 
 On July 3, 2023, shares of common stock were issued and sold as part of the closing of the Company s Initial Public Offering IPO ), resulting in net proceeds of million, after deducting expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions payable by the Company. On July 13, 2023, the underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase additional shares of common stock, pursuant to the underwriting agreement relating to the IPO, resulting in the issuance and sale of shares of common stock. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions payable. The net proceeds of each issuance and sale were used for repayment of existing indebtedness and general corporate purposes. After giving effect to these transactions, Kodiak had shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. On April 1, 2024, shares of common stock and of preferred shares were issued in connection with the CSI Acquisition. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Pursuant to an agreement between the Company and Kodiak Holdings, on September 11, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from Kodiak Holdings in a private transaction at a price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million. The shares of common stock purchased in the Share Repurchase were recorded as treasury stock. 
 Class B and C Profits Interests 
 Prior to the IPO, Kodiak Holdings issued incentive awards to certain employees of Kodiak Services in the form of Class B incentive units Class B Units ). The Company records stock-based compensation expense associated with the Class B Units because of the employment relationship of the grantees with Kodiak Services. 
 On March 16, 2019, Class B Units were authorized under the Kodiak Holdings 2019 Class B Unit Incentive Plan for grants to certain employees and non-employee board members. These Class B Units are intended to constitute profits interests for federal income tax purposes, but they constitute a substantive class of equity under GAAP. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were authorized Class B Units, and were outstanding, respectively. There were Class B Units granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Twenty-five percent of the Class B Units are subject to time vesting (the Time-Vesting Units ), and the remaining seventy-five percent of the Class B Units are subject to performance vesting (the Performance-Vesting Units ). Time-Vesting Units vest in equal annual installments on each of the anniversaries of the applicable vesting commencement dates, subject to the Class B Unit holder s continuous service through each of the applicable vesting dates. Performance-Vesting Units vest based on the achievement of certain investor return metrics, subject to the Class B Unit holder s continuous service through the applicable vesting dates. Holders of Class B Units are entitled to distributions on vested awards in accordance with the Kodiak Holdings distribution waterfall. Class B Units are not subject to any conversion rights other than an automatic conversion to Class C incentive units Class C Units in connection with certain terminations of employment. Each Class C Unit holder is eligible to receive distributions up to an amount equal to the fair market value of the corresponding converted Class B Unit on the date of conversion. As of September 30, 2024, no material conversions had occurred. 
 There are no performance hurdles associated with the Time-Vesting Units. The fair value of each incentive award was estimated on its applicable grant date using an option pricing model. 
 Equity compensation expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the awards. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, approximately million and million, respectively, in equity compensation expense was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, equity compensation expense was approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there were unvested Time-Vesting Units, representing million in unrecognized equity compensation expense. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

vote for each share, voting proportionally with holders of common stock. Preferred stock consists of authorized shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, of which and were issued and outstanding, respectively. The preferred stock lacks economic benefits beyond its par value of per share (with a maximum value of ), as it does not participate in earnings or cash dividends of Kodiak. Rather, it solely represents a voting share. Each preferred stock holds an equal number of OpCo Units, representing economic interests in Kodiak s subsidiary, Kodiak Services. Each OpCo Unit will be redeemable at the option of the holder for (i) share of common stock (along with cancellation of a corresponding share of preferred stock) or (ii) cash at Kodiak Services election, following a days post-closing lock-up and subject to certain conditions. On or after April 1, 2029, Kodiak shall have the right to effect redemption of such OpCo Units (along with corresponding share of preferred stock). The OpCo Units represent and will be accounted for as noncontrolling interests in Kodiak Services. 
 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 On June 20, 2023, Kodiak s Board of Directors (the Board authorized and adopted the Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Plan for employees, consultants and directors. The Omnibus Plan enables Kodiak s Board (or a committee authorized by Kodiak s Board) to award incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock awards, dividend equivalents, other stock-based awards, cash awards and substitute awards to align the interests of service providers, including the Company s named executive officers, with those of the Company s stockholders. A total of shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the Omnibus Plan. As of September 30, 2024, shares of common stock have been granted to certain employees, including Kodiak's named executive officers, pursuant to awards under the Omnibus Plan. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 As of September 30, 2024, of the total shares of common stock equity awards granted under the Omnibus Plan, shares were granted pursuant to awards of time-based restricted stock units RSUs that vest ratably over a period, subject to continuous service through each vesting date. On May 1, 2024, an additional RSUs were granted that vest ratably over a period, subject to continuous service through the vesting date. 
 On December 8, 2023, the Company provided employees who were eligible to receive cash payments of long-term incentive awards granted in January 2023 under the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan the opportunity to make an election to receive a grant of RSUs that vest ratably over a period in lieu of cash payments, resulting in the grant of RSUs. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 As of September 30, 2024, of the total shares of common stock equity awards granted under the Omnibus Plan were granted pursuant to awards of performance stock units PSUs that cliff vest at the end of a performance period, with the ultimate number of shares earned and issued ranging from - of the number of shares subject to the PSU award, subject to continuous service through the end of the performance period and other conditions precedent. The performance criteria for the PSUs are a combination of: (1) Discretionary Cash Flow (as defined below, and, which we sometimes refer to as DCF ( weight); (2) Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio CNLR ( weight); (3) Absolute Total Shareholders' Return ATSR ( weight); and (4) an ESG Scorecard weight) (each as defined below), in each case, during the applicable performance period. 
 DCF is calculated based on the cumulative Adjusted EBITDA less net cash taxes, less net cash interest, less maintenance capital expenditures, all as reported in the financial statement reconciliations provided in the Company s public filings, measured over the performance period. CNLR is calculated as of the last day of the fiscal quarter at the end of the performance period, as the ratio of (a) Total Indebtedness (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) minus Cash, in each case, as of such date to (b) LQA Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement) for the fiscal quarter ending at the end of the performance period, multiplied by four. ATSR is determined on an annualized basis over the relevant performance period for the beginning and ending volume-weighted average price, as adjusted for dividends paid. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

if the Company achieves performance at maximum; (ii) if the Company achieves performance at target; (iii) if the Company achieves performance at threshold level; and (iv) if the Company achieves performance below threshold; and 
 The vesting of the PSUs based on ESG Scorecard will be (i) if the Company achieves ESG targets and (ii) if the Company does not achieve ESG Scorecard. 
 With respect to each PSU, each PSU holder is granted associated dividend equivalents rights. In the event that the Company declares and pays a regular cash dividend, on the record date for such dividend, the Company will accrue a dividend equivalent based on the number of PSUs expected to vest. 
 CSI Compressco Long Term Incentive Plan 
 In connection with the CSI Acquisition, we assumed the CSI Compressco LP Third Amended and Restated 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan 2011 Plan and outstanding unvested RSU awards originally granted by CSI Compressco under 2011 Plan that were held by former CSI Compressco employees continuing their employment with Kodiak post-acquisition. These assumed awards were converted into approximately RSU awards under the Omnibus Plan and will vest in accordance with their original terms, generally over years. Awards cancelled or forfeited, and shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations, become available for future issuance. 
 Granted Vested or exercised ) ) Forfeited or cancelled ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Restricted stock awards expected to vest 
 RSUs PSUs Number of RSUs Weighted- Average Price Number of PSUs Weighted- Average Price Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Granted Vested or exercised Forfeited or cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 Restricted stock awards expected to vest 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total future compensation cost related to non-vested equity awards was approximately million, assuming the PSUs vest at , pursuant to the terms of the applicable award. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately million and million in equity compensation expense, respectively, was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, approximately million in stock compensation expense was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Q2 Q3 2023 Q4 
 On October 21, 2024, the Company s Board declared a cash dividend of per share for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, which is payable on November 8, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 1, 2024 (the Common Stock Dividend and, in conjunction with the Common Stock Dividend, Kodiak Services declared a distribution on its units of per unit payable on November 8, 2024 to all unitholders of record of Kodiak Services as of the close of business on November 1, 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 million and million, respectively. These amounts were included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the consolidated condensed balance sheets. Amounts exclude accrued capital expenditures related to the sales tax contingency accrual. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 Purchase commitments primarily consist of future commitments to purchase new compression units that have been ordered but not yet received. As of September 30, 2024, these commitments amounted to million, of which million is expected to be settled within the next twelve months. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 The Company agreed to pay, as contingent consideration, up to million of certain past due accounts receivable acquired in connection with a prior acquisition in 2019, if collected, to the seller in that transaction. The Company records contingent consideration at the acquisition and end of reporting periods at fair value in accrued liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, of the outstanding receivables had been collected. 
 Sales Tax Contingency 
 Between October 2019 and April 2024, the Company received notices from the Texas Comptroller s office in regards to audits for periods ranging from December 2015 through December 2023. The audits pertain to whether the Company may owe sales tax on certain of its compression equipment and related parts that it had purchased during that time period. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued a total amount of million for this contingent liability. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, based on current information, the Company accrued an additional million, of which million is related to fair value adjustments associated with purchase price allocation of the CSI Acquisition and million is related to parts usage recorded to expense. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of million included as accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Legal Matters 

15. 
 Interest rate swap receivable Prepaid vehicle allowance Deferred project costs Prepaid rent Prepaid taxes Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 23 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 Accrued bonus Accrued accounts payable Accrued interest Station project accrual Accrued taxes Accrued professional fees Contingent consideration Accrued payroll Accrued insurance Lease liabilities - current portion Equipment financing - current portion Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 17. 
 million and income tax expense of million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively. The effective tax rate was approximately and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The difference between the Company s effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 and the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily due to state income taxes. 
 In August 2022, the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 were signed into law. These acts include, among other provisions, a corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 , an excise tax on the repurchase of corporate stock, various climate and energy provisions and incentives for investment in semiconductor manufacturing. These provisions are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 have any uncertain tax benefits as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions, and amounts were recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 18. 
 million and million to the plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company contributed million and million to the plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 19. 
 . Some of our leases have options to extend for various periods, while some have termination options with prior notice of generally days or . Our leases generally require us to pay all maintenance and insurance costs. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Lease costs are included in either cost of revenues or selling, general and administrative expense depending on the use of the underlying asset. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Finance lease expense: Amortization of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense Total lease expense 
 (1) Includes lease expense for leases not included on our condensed consolidated balance sheet based on our accounting policy election to exclude leases with a term of 12 months or less. Variable rent expense was not material. 
 (2) Total lease expense includes million and million, respectively, of short-term lease cost for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, of short-term lease cost for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Operating lease supplemental cash flow information in thousands ): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows - operating leases Operating cash flows - finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Finance lease right-of-use asset Finance lease liabilities, current portion Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

years years Finance leases years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Future minimum lease payments by year and in the aggregate, under non-cancelable operating leases with terms in excess of one year, consist of the following at September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had an additional operating lease that has not yet commenced for office space with lease obligations of million. The operating lease will commence starting in 2029 with a lease term of approximately years. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

20. 
 operating segments: Compression Operations and Other Services. After the CSI Acquisition, the Company manages its business through operating segments: Contract Services and Other Services. Contract Services consists of operating Company-owned compression, customer-owned compression, and gas treating and cooling infrastructure, pursuant to fixed-revenue contracts, to enable the production, gathering and transportation of natural gas and oil. Other Services consists of a full range of services to support ancillary needs of customers, including station construction, maintenance and overhaul, freight and crane charges, and other time and material-based offerings. 
 The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on the adjusted gross margin of each segment, which consists of revenues directly attributable to the specific segment (less all costs of service directly attributable to the specific segment, which includes cost of operations and depreciation and amortization and excludes any impairment or gain (loss) on the depreciable assets). Depreciation and amortization for the Contract Services segment was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization for the Contract Services segment was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Revenue includes only sales to external customers. 
 Adjusted gross margin Total assets Capital expenditures Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Adjusted gross margin Total assets Capital expenditures 
 Contract Services Other Services Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue Adjusted gross margin Total assets Capital expenditures Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Adjusted gross margin Total assets Capital expenditures 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Long-lived asset impairment ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Gain (loss) on derivatives ) Other income (expense) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 28 

Table of Contents 

21. 
 million of OpCo Units held by noncontrolling interest and million unvested RSUs and PSUs were not included in the calculation of the potential dilutive common shares, respectively, because to do so would be anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, thousand unvested PSUs were not included in the calculation of the potential dilutive common shares, respectively, because to do so would be anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were anti-dilutive shares.) Less: expense attributable to non-forfeitable RSUs Net income (loss) used in basic and diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average shares of common stock Effect of dilutive securities (1) Diluted weighted average shares of common stock Basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) 
 (1) The effect of dilutive securities includes and of RSUs and PSUs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Additionally, it includes and of OpCo Units held by noncontrolling interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 22. 
 million over a term. Upon closing of the CSI Acquisition, the Company terminated the contract in May 2024. As of September 30, 2024, total purchases under this agreement since inception were approximately million, with cost occurring during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Total cost during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report. The following discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. For further information on items that could impact our future operating performance or financial condition, see the sections entitled Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Report. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the historical financial information in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reflects only the historical financial results of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and references to the Company, we, our, or us are to Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading operator of contract compression infrastructure in the U.S. Our compression services and other related services are critical to our customers ability to reliably produce, gather and transport natural gas and oil. We are a market leader in the Permian Basin, which is the largest producing natural gas and oil basin in the U.S. We operate our large horsepower compression units under stable, fixed-revenue contracts with many upstream and midstream customers. Our compression assets have long useful lives consistent with the expected production lives of the key regions where we operate. We believe our customer-centric business model positions us as the preferred contract compression operator for our customers and creates long-standing relationships. We strategically invest in the training, development and retention of our highly skilled and dedicated employees and believe their expertise and commitment to excellence enhances and differentiates our business model. Furthermore, we maintain an intense focus on being one of the most sustainable and responsible operators of contract compression infrastructure. 
 We manage our business through two operating segments: Contract Services and Other Services. Contract Services consists of operating Company-owned and customer-owned compression and gas treating and cooling infrastructure to enable the production, gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas and oil. Other Services consists of station construction, maintenance and overhaul, freight and crane charges, parts sales and other ancillary time and material-based offerings. Our Other Services offerings are often cross sold with Contract Services. 
 Recent Developments 
 CSI Acquisition 
 On April 1, 2024, we completed the CSI Acquisition, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. CSI Compressco unitholders received 0.086 shares of common stock for each CSI Compressco common unit owned. The Electing Unitholders received 0.086 limited liability company units representing economic interests in Kodiak Services (along with an equal number of shares of non-economic voting preferred stock of Kodiak) for each CSI Compressco common unit they held. At the option of the holder, each such unit will be redeemable for one share of common stock (along with cancellation of a corresponding share of preferred stock), following a 180 day post-closing lock-up period and subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Secondary Offering and Share Repurchase 
 On September 11, 2024, Frontier TopCo Partnership, L.P. Kodiak Holdings ), an affiliate of EQT AB and holder of record of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. common stock, sold 7,000,000 shares of common stock to the public pursuant to an underwritten offering (the Secondary Offering ). We did not receive any proceeds from the Secondary Offering. On September 11, 2024, we repurchased 1,000,000 shares from Kodiak Holdings in a private transaction (the Share Repurchase ). The Share Repurchase was consummated at a price of 25.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 25.0 million. The shares of common stock purchased in the Share Repurchase were recorded as treasury stock. 
 Disposition 
 On September 12, 2024, we sold certain property, plant and equipment and other assets in the U.S and our entity in Canada to a third-party buyer. The majority of the operations were included in the Contract Services segment through the date of sale. At the disposal date, total assets sold were 18.0 million, consisting primarily of compression equipment, inventory, and other assets. Compression units sold totaled 2,012 units equaling 88,841 horsepower. Upon disposition, we incurred a loss of 7.0 million included in (gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures 
 In March 2024, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC adopted rules to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures. The final rules require disclosure of the following information in the footnotes to financial statements, subject to certain materiality thresholds: 
 Financial statement effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions; 
 Impacts to estimates and assumptions used to produce financial statements associated with severe weather events and other natural conditions or any disclosed climate-related targets or transition plans; and 
 Financial statement effects related to carbon offsets or renewable energy credits/certificates used as part of plans to achieve climate-related goals. 
 In addition, registrants will be required to disclose outside of financial statements information about the material impact of climate-related risks on strategy, business model and outlook; risk management processes for, and governance and oversight activities, of those risks; and material climate-related targets or goals. Information related to material greenhouse gas emissions will be required for certain registrants but will not be required for us based on our current filer status. 
 The final rules include a phased-in compliance period for all registrants, with the compliance date dependent on the registrant s filer status and the content of the disclosure. Based on our current filer status, we will be required to comply with the final rules beginning with our annual report for the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2027. 
 On April 4, 2024, SEC voluntarily stayed its climate disclosure rules to allow for judicial review. The stay was issued after petitions for review were filed against the SEC and consolidated before the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The stay will remain in effect until the Eighth Circuit completes its judicial review. We are continuing to assess the new climate-related disclosure rules, awaiting decisions on their legal status and determining an implementation plan to comply with the disclosure requirements in accordance with the prescribed timeline. 

Operational Highlights 
 The following table summarizes certain horsepower, unit count and horsepower utilization percentages for our fleet for the periods presented. 
 As of September 30, Percentage Change 2024 2023 Operating Data (at period end): Fleet horsepower (1) 4,417,687 3,213,096 37.5 Revenue-generating horsepower (2) 4,259,843 3,210,076 32.7 Fleet compression units 5,297 3,051 73.6 Revenue-generating compression units 4,757 3,034 56.8 Revenue-generating horsepower per revenue-generating compression unit (3) 895 1,058 (15.4 Fleet utilization (4) 96.4 99.9 (3.5 
 (1) Fleet horsepower includes owned horsepower excluding 46,313 and 31,520 of non-marketable or obsolete horsepower as of September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Revenue-generating horsepower includes fleet horsepower that is (x) under contract, operating and generating revenue or (y) under contract or subject to a firm commitment with a customer and available to be deployed. 
 (3) Calculated as (i) revenue-generating horsepower divided by (ii) revenue-generating compression units at period end. 
 (4) Fleet utilization is calculated as (i) revenue-generating horsepower divided by (ii) fleet horsepower. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Horsepower 
 The 37.5 and 32.7 increase in fleet horsepower and revenue-generating horsepower, respectively, were primarily attributable to the (i) additional 1.2 million horsepower acquired as part of the CSI Acquisition and (ii) purchase and deployment of new compression units through organic growth, offset by the sale of certain assets in the United States and our entity in Canada during the third quarter of 2024. The 15.4 decrease in revenue-generating horsepower per revenue-generating compression unit was due to the lower average horsepower per unit of the fleet acquired as part of the CSI Acquisition and offset by the sale of certain assets in the United States and all assets in Canada during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Financial Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents selected financial and operating information for the periods presented (in thousands) : 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 
 2023 
 Revenues: Contract Services 284,313 186,673 52.3 Other Services 40,334 44,310 (9.0) Total revenues 324,647 230,983 40.6 Operating expenses: Cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below): Contract Services 96,617 65,470 47.6 Other Services 32,674 38,820 (15.8) Depreciation and amortization 73,452 46,087 59.4 Long-lived asset impairment 9,921 nm Selling, general and administrative 35,528 19,648 80.8 Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 10,376 nm Total operating expenses 258,568 170,025 52.1 Income from operations 66,079 60,958 8.4 Other income (expenses): Interest expense, net (53,991) (39,710) 36.0 Loss on extinguishment of debt (6,757) nm Gain (loss) on derivatives (20,327) 15,141 (234.3) Other income (expense), net (156) 38 (510.5) Total other expenses, net (74,474) (31,288) 138.0 Income (loss) before income taxes (8,395) 29,670 (128.3) Income tax expense (benefit) (2,184) 7,904 (127.6) Net income (loss) (6,211) 21,766 (128.5) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (563) nm Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders (5,648) 21,766 (125.9) 
 
 Revenues and Sources of Income 
 Contract Services 
 Contract Services revenue increased 97.6 million (52.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily related to a 90.7 million increase in contract compression services as a result of an increase in average revenue-generating horsepower, of which 74.2 million was related to the CSI 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition. Furthermore, there was an increase of 6.9 million related to gas treating and cooling services as part of the CSI Acquisition. 
 Other Services 
 Other Services revenue decreased 4.0 million (9.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due a 21.9 million decrease in revenues from station construction services, mostly due to a reduction in the average size of station construction projects. This was offset by a 9.5 million increase in parts sales, a 4.0 million increase in freight and crane charges related to mobilization of units, a 2.1 million increase in maintenance and overhaul services, and a 1.9 million increase in other field services, of which 14.9 million was related to the CSI Acquisition. 
 
 Operating Costs and Other Expenses 
 Contract Services 
 Contract Services expenses increased 31.1 million (47.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to a 14.8 million increase in direct labor expenses, a 7.2 million increase in parts used in support of our operations, a 4.2 million increase in lubricant oil and coolant, a 4.6 million increase in indirect expenses, mainly relating to vehicle and facility expenses, and a 0.5 million increase in gas treating expenses, much of which was attributable to the CSI Acquisition. In addition, there was a 0.5 million increase in sales and use tax accrual related to parts purchases as part of ongoing sales and use tax audits with the state of Texas. 
 Other Services 
 Other Services expenses decreased 6.1 million (15.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a 21.7 million decrease in expenses from station construction services, mostly due to slower demand on station projects. This was offset by a 8.4 million increase in parts sales, a 3.7 million increase in freight and crane charges related to mobilization of units, a 2.0 million increase in maintenance and overhaul services, and a 1.3 million increase in other field services. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 27.4 million (59.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 26.0 million increase in depreciation and amortization related to the CSI Acquisition. The remaining increase is related to increased depreciation on compression equipment purchases. 
 Long-lived Asset Impairment 
 Long-lived asset impairment increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to certain events occurring to a group of non-operating compression units associated with a certain customer that indicated the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. As a result, we recorded an impairment of compression equipment of 9.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. No impairment was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 15.9 million (80.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to a 5.6 million increase in labor and benefits, of which 2.2 million was related to severance, a 4.6 million increase in professional fees, primarily related to transactions costs associated with the CSI Acquisition, a 1.4 million increase in equity compensation expense related to equity compensation plans, a 1.8 million increase in software expense, mainly related to the termination of an agreement as part of the CSI Acquisition, and a 4.5 million increase in other overhead expenses, mostly consisting of insurance and facility expenses. These increases were offset by a 2.0 million decrease in bad debt expense related to expected credit losses. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Loss on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Loss on the sale of property, plant and equipment increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to the sale of certain property, plant and equipment and other assets in the U.S. and our entity in Canada to a third-party buyer. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net increased 14.3 million (36.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to increased interest expense associated with higher outstanding borrowings on the ABL Facility and 2029 Senior Notes in the current quarter as compared to outstanding borrowings on the ABL Facility and Term Loan in the comparable quarter. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt was related to the write off of debt issuance costs and other fees as a result of the extinguishment of the Term Loan during the three months ended September 30, 2023. No such loss was recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gain (Loss) on Derivatives 
 Gain (loss) on derivatives decreased 35.5 million (234.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily related to a decrease in the fair value of derivatives of 27.5 million offset by 5.0 million in cash received on derivatives for the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to a decrease in the long-term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR yield curve, as compared to an 8.0 million increase in the fair value of derivatives due to an increase in the long-term SOFR yield curve and cash received on derivatives of 7.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 Income tax (benefit) expense decreased by 10.1 million (127.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in pre-tax income of 38.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Financial Results of Operations 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents selected financial and operating information for the periods presented (in thousands) : 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 
 2023 
 Revenues: Contract Services 753,962 545,989 38.1 Other Services 95,830 78,412 22.2 Total revenues 849,792 624,401 36.1 Operating expenses: Cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below): Contract Services 261,832 193,257 35.5 Other Services 78,294 65,907 18.8 Depreciation and amortization 189,859 136,414 39.2 Long-lived asset impairment 9,921 nm Selling, general and administrative 120,279 46,171 160.5 (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 9,203 (721) (1,376.4) Total operating expenses 669,388 441,028 51.8 Income from operations 180,404 183,373 (1.6) Other income (expenses): Interest expense, net (145,864) (182,030) (19.9) Loss on extinguishment of debt (6,757) nm Gain on derivatives 6,227 42,080 (85.2) Other income (expense), net (6) 39 (115.4) Total other expenses, net (139,643) (146,668) (4.8) Income before income taxes 40,761 36,705 11.1 Income tax expense 10,027 9,765 2.7 Net income 30,734 26,940 14.1 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (78) nm Net income attributable to common shareholders 30,812 26,940 14.4 
 
 Revenues and Sources of Income 
 Contract Services 
 Contract Services revenue increased 208.0 million (38.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily related to a 194.4 million increase in contract compression services as a result of an increase in average revenue-generating horsepower, of which 164.3 million was related to the CSI Acquisition. Furthermore, there was also an increase of 13.6 million related to gas treating and cooling services as part of the CSI Acquisition. 
 Other Services 
 Other Services revenue increased 17.4 million (22.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 19.6 million increase in parts sales, a 9.5 million increase in freight and crane charges related to mobilization of units, a 6.3 million increase in maintenance and overhaul services, and a 4.2 million increase in other field services, of which 34.4 million was related to the CSI Acquisition. This was partially offset by a 22.6 million decrease in revenues from station construction services. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Operating Costs and Other Expenses 
 Contract Services 
 Contract Services expenses increased 68.6 million (35.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to a 33.4 million increase in direct labor expenses, a 15.1 million increase in parts used in support of our operations, a 8.4 million increase in lubricant oil and coolant expenses, a 7.7 million increase in indirect expenses, mainly relating to vehicle and facility expenses and a 1.1 million increase in gas treating expenses, much of which was attributable to the CSI Acquisition. In addition, there was an increase of 3.6 million related to additional sales and use tax accrual amounts related to parts purchases as part of ongoing sales and use tax audits with the state of Texas. 
 Other Services 
 Other Services expense increased 12.4 million (18.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 16.9 million increase in parts sales, a 7.1 million increase in freight and crane charges related to mobilization of units, a 6.0 million increase in maintenance and overhaul service-related expenses, and a 3.6 million increase in other field service expenses. This was partially offset by a 22.2 million decrease in expenses from station construction services. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 53.4 million (39.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 46.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization related to the CSI Acquisition. The remaining increase is related to increased depreciation on compression equipment purchases. 
 Long-lived Asset Impairment 
 Long-lived asset impairment increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to certain events occurring to a group of non-operating compression units associated with a certain customer in bankruptcy that indicated the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. As a result, we recorded an impairment of compression equipment of 9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. No impairment was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 74.1 million (160.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to a 27.7 million increase in professional fees, primarily related to transactions costs associated with the CSI Acquisition, a 20.3 million increase in labor and benefits, of which 11.2 million was related to severance, a 8.7 million increase in equity compensation expense related to equity compensation plans, a 2.6 million increase in bad debt expense, mainly related to expected credit losses, a 6.4 million increase in software expense, mainly related to the termination of an agreement as part of the CSI Acquisition, and a 8.5 million increase in other overhead expenses, mostly consisting of insurance and facility expenses. 
 (Gain) Loss on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 
 (Gain) loss on the sale of property, plant and equipment increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to the sale of certain property, plant and equipment and other assets in the U.S. and our entity in Canada to a third-party buyer. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net decreased 36.2 million (19.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to lower borrowings on the ABL Facility and 2029 Senior Notes in the current year to date period as compared to the ABL Facility and Term Loan in the comparable year to date period. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt was related to the write off of debt issuance costs and other fees as a result of the extinguishment of the Term Loan during the three months ended September 30, 2023. No such loss was recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gain on Derivatives 
 Gain on derivatives decreased 35.9 million (85.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily related to a 13.2 million decrease in the fair value of derivatives offset by an increase in cash received on derivatives of 19.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to an decrease in the long-term SOFR yield curve, as compared to a 25.8 million settlement on the termination of derivatives attributable to the Term Loan and 29.8 million cash received on derivative settlements on our interest rate swaps and collars, offset by a decrease in the change in fair value of the derivatives of 13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to settlement on the termination of derivatives attributable to the Term Loan and a decrease in the long-term SOFR yield curve. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense increased by 0.3 million (2.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income of 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures, service our debt and pay dividends depends on our operating cash flows and access to the capital and credit markets. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations and our borrowing availability under the ABL Facility. Our cash flow is affected by numerous factors, including prices and demand for our compression infrastructure assets and services, conditions in the financial markets and various other factors. We believe cash generated by operating activities will be sufficient to service our debt, fund working capital, fund our estimated capital expenditures in the short-term and long-term and, as our Board may determine from time to time in its discretion, pay dividends. At September 30, 2024, we had approximately 313.3 million of liquidity consisting of 7.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and 305.9 million available under the ABL Facility. 
 Cash Requirements 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The compression infrastructure business is capital intensive, requiring significant investment to expand, maintain and upgrade existing operations. Our capital requirements have consisted primarily of, and we anticipate that our capital requirements will continue to consist primarily of, the following: 
 Growth Capital Expenditures: (1) capital expenditures made to expand the operating capacity or operating income capacity of assets by acquisition of additional compression units, (2) capital expenditures made to maintain the operating capacity or operating income capacity of assets by acquisition of replacement compression units and (3) capital expenditures on assets other than compression units required to operate the business such as trucks, wash trailers, crane trucks, leasehold improvements, technology hardware and software and related implementation expenditures, furniture and fixtures, and other general items that are typically capitalized and have a useful life beyond one year. We make capital expenditures unrelated to our compression units (as described in clause (3) above) if and when necessary to support the operations of our revenue-generating horsepower. 
 Maintenance Capital Expenditures: periodic capital expenditures incurred at predetermined operating intervals to maintain consistent and reliable operating capacity of our assets over the near term. Such maintenance capital expenditures typically involve overhauls of significant components of our compression units, such as the engine and compressor, pistons, rings, heads and bearings. These maintenance capital expenditures are predictable, and the majority of these expenditures are tied to a detailed, unit-by-unit schedule based on hours of operation or age. We utilize a disciplined and systematic asset management program whereby we perform major unit overhauls and engine replacements on a defined schedule based on hours of operation. As a result, our maintenance capital expenditures may vary considerably from year to year based on when such assets were added to the fleet. Maintenance capital expenditures, along with regularly scheduled preventive maintenance expenses, are typically sufficient to sustain the operating capacity of our assets over the full expected useful life of the compression units. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Maintenance capital expenditures do not include expenditures to replace compression units when they reach the end of their useful lives. 
 The majority of our growth capital expenditures are related to the acquisition cost of new compression units. Maintenance capital expenditures are related to overhauls of significant components of our compression equipment, such as the engine and compressor, which return the components to a like-new condition without modifying the application for which the compression equipment was designed. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, growth capital expenditures were 214.9 million and maintenance capital expenditures were 51.3 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, growth capital expenditures were 124.0 million and maintenance capital expenditures were 28.1 million. The increase in growth capital expenditures includes a 21.8 million non-cash increase related to our sales tax accrual on compression equipment purchases related to audits we are undergoing with the state of Texas. The remaining amounts were primarily related to the timing of compression unit purchases necessary to support operating capacity demand. The increase in maintenance capital expenditures was primarily due to maintenance capital expenditures on the assets acquired in the CSI Acquisition since closing on April 1, 2024 and an increase in unit overhauls scheduled based on the age and operating hours of such units. 
 Dividends 
 Our Board may elect to declare cash dividends on our common stock, subject to our compliance with applicable law, and depending on, among other things, economic conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness (as further discussed herein). The timing, amount and financing of dividends, if any, are subject to the discretion of our Board from time to time. 
 On October 21, 2024, our Board declared the Common Stock Dividend and, in conjunction with the Common Stock Dividend, Kodiak Services declared a distribution on its units of 0.41 per unit payable on November 8, 2024 to all unitholders of record of Kodiak Services as of the close of business on November 1, 2024. 
 Over the long-term, we expect to fund any dividends and our budgeted growth capital expenditures using our Discretionary Cash Flow. In the event our Discretionary Cash Flow is insufficient for the purpose of funding any such dividends and our budgeted growth capital expenditures for such period, we may fund such shortfall (i) with additional borrowings under our ABL Facility, which, as of September 30, 2024, had 305.9 million available (subject to the requirement that our availability, in the case of dividends, under the ABL Facility (calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Specified Transaction) is not less than 125,000,000) or (ii) reduce our growth capital expenditures for such period. Any such additional borrowings under our ABL Facility will result in an increase in our interest expense for such period. Any such reduction in our growth capital expenditures may result in lower growth in our revenue-generating horsepower in future periods. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our material contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024, consisted of the following: 
 Long-term debt of 2.6 billion, of which 1.9 billion is due in 2028 and 750.0 million is due in 2029. 
 Purchase commitments of 158.9 million, of which 147.6 million is expected to be settled within the next twelve months; primarily consisting of future commitments to purchase new compression units that have been ordered but not yet received. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Other Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, other commitments include operating lease payments totaling 60.5 million. 
 As of December 31, 2023, other commitments include operating lease payments totaling 34.5 million. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Sources of Cash 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 in thousands ): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 
 Variance 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 209,502 203,699 5,803 Net cash used in investing activities (239,319) (144,563) (94,756) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 31,689 (73,439) 105,128 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,872 (14,303) 16,175 
 Operating Activities 
 The 5.8 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to a 55.6 million decrease in interest expense, net of debt issuance cost amortization, a 82.8 million increase in non-cash operating items, namely depreciation and amortization, taxes and equity compensation. This increase was partially offset by a 58.8 million decrease in cash received on derivatives, a 73.2 million increase from working capital changes, namely changes in accounts receivable, net, accrued and other liabilities, and contract liabilities, and a 3.0 million decrease in income from operations. 
 Investing Activities 
 The 94.8 million increase in net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to a 118.1 million increase in capital expenditures, net of accrued capital expenditures. This was partially offset by 9.5 million in cash acquired related to the CSI Acquisition, and a 13.9 million increase in proceeds on sale of property, plant and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 The 105.1 million increase in net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to decreased proceeds from initial public offering of 277.8 million, an increase in dividends paid to stockholders of 97.5 million, share repurchases of 25.0 million, distributions to noncontrolling interests of 4.9 million, cash paid for shares withheld to cover taxes of 2.7 million, and principal payments on finance leases of 0.9 million. This was offset by an increase in net borrowings over payments on debt instruments of 444.8 million, a 42.3 million distribution, a decrease in payments of debt issuance costs of 16.4 million, a decrease of 8.1 million in cash payments related to offering costs, a decrease of 1.8 million related to loss on extinguishment of debt, and 0.4 million of taxes payable related to the vesting of restricted stock. 
 Description of Indebtedness 
 ABL Facility 
 On March 22, 2023, wholly owned subsidiaries of Kodiak entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended or restated from time to time, the ABL Credit Agreement or ABL Facility ), which mainly served to extend the maturity date from June 2024 to March 2028. The total commitments under the facility are 2.2 billion. As of September 30, 2024, there were 2.4 million in letters of credit outstanding under the ABL Facility. See Note 10 Debt and Credit Facilities to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for further description. The ABL Credit Agreement requires that we meet certain financial ratios. 
 Pursuant to the ABL Credit Agreement, the Company must comply with certain restrictive covenants, including a minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.5x and a maximum Leverage Ratio (calculated based on the ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA, each as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement). The maximum Leverage Ratio is (i) 5.75 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 and 
 39 

Table of Contents 

(ii) 5.25 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter. All loan amounts are collateralized by essentially all the assets of the Company. 
 The applicable interest rate under the ABL Facility is (i) in the case of SOFR-based borrowings, the Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR rate then in effect (subject to a floor of 0 plus 0.10 plus a spread that depends on our Leverage Ratio as of the most recent determination date, ranging from 2.00 if our Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.00:1.00 to 3.00 if our Leverage Ratio is greater than 5.50:1.00 and (ii) in the case of prime rate-based borrowings, the prime rate (subject to a floor of 2.5 plus a spread that depends on our Leverage Ratio as of the most recent determination date, ranging from 1.00 if our Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.00:1.00 to 2.00 if our Leverage Ratio is greater than 5.50:1.00. 
 The ABL Credit Agreement also restricts the Company s ability to: incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; pay certain dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem equity interests; prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; issue certain preferred units or similar equity securities; make loans and investments; sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; incur liens; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into agreements restricting the Company s restricted subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; enter into certain swap agreements; amend certain organizational documents; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 The ABL Facility is a revolving credit facility that includes a lockbox arrangement whereby, under certain events, remittances from customers are forwarded to a bank account controlled by the administrative agent and are applied to reduce borrowings under the facility. One such event occurs if availability under the ABL Credit Agreement falls below a specified threshold (i.e., the greater of 200 million or 10 of the aggregate commitments at the time of measurement). As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, availability under the ABL Facility was in excess of the specified threshold, and, as such, the entire balance was classified as long term in accordance with its maturity. 
 Third Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 On January 22, 2024, Kodiak entered into the Third Amendment to the ABL Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment, among other things, amended certain provisions of the ABL Facility (i) to accommodate the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) to account for the Company s organizational structure after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Fees and costs totaling 2.9 million were incurred related to the Third Amendment and will be amortized over the life of the loan to interest expense. 
 In addition, the Third Amendment amended the ABL Facility to (i) update the maximum secured leverage ratio to (x) 3.75 to 1.00 for the first four fiscal quarters after the Company issues any unsecured indebtedness and (y) 3.25 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter, (ii) modify the triggers for commencing a cash dominion period (i.e., a period when the administrative agent applies proceeds in the deposit accounts to reduce borrowings under the ABL Credit Agreement), such that a cash dominion period will commence if availability under the ABL Credit Agreement is less than 125 million for more than five consecutive business days or if certain types of events of default occur, (iii) include customary provisions relating to the designation of unrestricted subsidiaries (i.e., subsidiaries that are not required to become loan parties or be bound by the covenants contained in the ABL Credit Agreement), (iv) provide that only material domestic restricted subsidiaries are required to become guarantors and collateral grantors under the ABL Facility, and (v) permit the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and liens and to make additional investments, dividends, distributions, redemptions and dispositions. 
 The weighted average interest rate as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, was 7.64 and 8.08 , respectively, excluding the effect of interest rate swaps. The Company pays an annualized commitment fee of 0.25 on the unused portion of its ABL Facility if borrowings are greater than 50 of total commitments and 0.50 on the unused portion of the ABL Facility if borrowings are less than 50 of total commitments . 
 All obligations under the ABL Facility are collateralized by essentially all the assets of the Company. We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 On February 2, 2024, Kodiak Services issued 750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Kodiak Services 7.25 senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes ), pursuant to an indenture, dated February 2, 2024, by and among the Company, and certain other subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

The proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the ABL Facility and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the notes offering. In connection with the close of the CSI Acquisition on April 1, 2024, the Company used proceeds from additional draws on the ABL Facility to repay 651.8 million of existing outstanding indebtedness, except for certain equipment financing obligations, and pay fees and expenses related to the notes offering and the CSI Acquisition. 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 To mitigate a portion of the exposure to fluctuations in the variable interest rate of the ABL Facility, we have entered into various derivative instruments. 
 Our interest rate swaps exchange variable interest rates for fixed interest rates. We have not designated any derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and do not enter into such instruments for speculative or trading purposes. See Note 11 Derivative Instruments to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance. These metrics are significant factors in assessing our operating results and profitability and include the non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted Gross Margin, Adjusted Gross Margin Percentage, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Percentage, Discretionary Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow. 
 Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted Gross Margin Percentage 
 Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted Gross Margin as revenue less cost of operations, exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense. We define Adjusted Gross Margin Percentage as Adjusted Gross Margin divided by total revenues. We believe that Adjusted Gross Margin is useful as a supplemental measure of our operating profitability. Adjusted Gross Margin is impacted primarily by the pricing trends for service operations and cost of operations, including labor rates for service technicians, volume and per compression unit costs for lubricant oils and coolants, quantity and pricing of routine preventative maintenance on compression units and property tax rates on compression units. Adjusted Gross Margin should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, gross margin or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, Adjusted Gross Margin as presented may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Because we capitalize assets, depreciation and amortization of equipment is a necessary element of our costs. To compensate for the limitations of Adjusted Gross Margin as a measure of our performance, we believe that it is important to consider gross margin determined under GAAP, as well as Adjusted Gross Margin, to evaluate our operating profitability. 
 
 Adjusted Gross Margin for Contract Services 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 (in thousands) 
 (in thousands) 
 Total revenues 284,313 186,673 753,962 545,989 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) (96,617) (65,470) (261,832) (193,257) Depreciation and amortization (73,452) (46,087) (189,859) (136,414) Gross margin 114,244 75,116 302,271 216,318 Gross margin percentage 40.2 40.2 40.1 39.6 Depreciation and amortization 73,452 46,087 189,859 136,414 Adjusted Gross Margin 187,696 121,203 492,130 352,732 Adjusted Gross Margin Percentage (1) 66.0 64.9 65.3 64.6 
 (1) Calculated using Adjusted Gross Margin for Contract Services as a percentage of total Contract Services revenues. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Gross Margin for Other Services 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 (in thousands) 
 (in thousands) 
 Total revenues 40,334 44,310 95,830 78,412 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) (32,674) (38,820) (78,294) (65,907) Depreciation and amortization Gross margin 7,660 5,490 17,536 12,505 Gross margin percentage 19.0 12.4 18.3 15.9 Depreciation and amortization Adjusted Gross Margin 7,660 5,490 17,536 12,505 Adjusted Gross Margin Percentage (1) 19.0 12.4 18.3 15.9 
 (1) Calculated using Adjusted Gross Margin for Other Services as a percentage of total Other Services revenues. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, net; income tax expense (benefit); and depreciation and amortization; plus (i) loss on extinguishment of debt; (ii) loss (gain) on derivatives; (iii) equity compensation expense; (iv) severance expenses; (v) transaction expenses; (vi) loss (gain) on sale of assets; and (vii) impairment of compression equipment. We define Adjusted EBITDA Percentage as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenues. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage are used as supplemental financial measures by our management and external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and other financial institutions, to assess: 
 the financial performance of our assets without regard to the impact of financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis of our assets; 
 the viability of capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities; 
 the ability of our assets to generate cash sufficient to make debt payments and pay dividends; and 
 our operating performance as compared to those of other companies in our industry without regard to the impact of financing methods and capital structure. 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage provide useful information because, when viewed with our GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliation, they provide a more complete understanding of our performance than GAAP results alone. We also believe that external users of our financial statements benefit from having access to the same financial measures that management uses in evaluating the results of our business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage should not be considered as alternatives to, or more meaningful than, revenues, net income (loss), operating income, cash flows from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP as measures of operating performance and liquidity. Moreover, our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage as presented may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 Given we are a capital-intensive business, depreciation, impairment of compression equipment and the interest cost of acquiring compression equipment are necessary elements of our costs. To compensate for these items, we believe that it is important to consider both net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities determined under GAAP, as well as Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage, to evaluate our financial performance and our liquidity. Our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities, and these measures may vary among companies. Management compensates for the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Percentage as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable 
 42 

Table of Contents 

GAAP measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating this knowledge into management s decision-making processes. 
 The following table reconciles net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA, its most directly comparable Non-GAAP financial measure, for each of the periods presented (in thousands) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Net income (loss) (6,211) 21,766 30,734 26,940 Interest expense, net 53,991 39,710 145,864 182,030 Income tax expense (benefit) (2,184) 7,904 10,027 9,765 Depreciation and amortization 73,452 46,087 189,859 136,414 Long-lived asset impairment 9,921 9,921 Loss on extinguishment of debt 6,757 6,757 (Gain) loss on derivatives 20,327 (15,141) (6,227) (42,080) Equity compensation expense (1) 3,905 2,544 12,064 3,452 Severance expense (2) 2,243 11,212 Transaction expenses (3) 2,554 440 27,821 1,713 (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 10,376 9,203 (721) Adjusted EBITDA 168,374 110,067 440,478 324,270 Adjusted EBITDA Percentage 51.9 47.7 51.8 51.9 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there were 3.9 million and 2.5 million of non-cash adjustments for equity compensation expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there were 12.1 million and 3.5 million of non-cash adjustments for equity compensation expense. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were 2.2 million and 11.2 million of severance expenses, respectively, related to the CSI Acquisition. There were no such expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Represents certain costs associated with non-recurring professional services, primarily related to the CSI Acquisition, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and other costs. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods presented (in thousands) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 36,878 85,731 209,502 203,699 Interest expense, net 53,991 39,710 145,864 182,030 Income tax expense (benefit) (2,184) 7,904 10,027 9,765 Deferred tax provision 2,283 (5,551) (4,821) (6,312) Cash received on derivatives (7,185) (7,163) (19,446) (55,631) Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,398 2,398 Severance expense (1) 2,243 11,212 Transaction expenses (2) 2,554 440 27,821 1,713 Other (3) (4,685) (3,705) (16,344) (16,814) Change in operating assets and liabilities 84,479 (9,697) 76,663 3,422 Adjusted EBITDA 168,374 110,067 440,478 324,270 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were 2.2 million and 11.2 million of severance expenses, respectively, related to the CSI Acquisition. There were no such expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Represents certain costs associated with non-recurring professional services, primarily related to the CSI Acquisition, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and other costs. 
 (3) Includes amortization of debt issuance costs, non-cash lease expense, provision for credit losses and inventory reserve. 
 
 Discretionary Cash Flow 
 We define Discretionary Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating activities less (i) maintenance capital expenditures;(ii) gain (loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment; (iii) certain changes in operating assets and liabilities; and (iv) certain other expenses; plus (x) severance expenses; and (y) transaction expenses. We believe Discretionary Cash Flow is a useful liquidity and performance measure and supplemental financial measure for us in assessing our ability to pay cash dividends to our stockholders, make growth capital expenditures and assess our operating performance. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to limitations due to restrictions contained in our ABL Credit Agreement, as further described elsewhere herein. Discretionary Cash Flow is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, such as revenues, net income (loss), operating income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities. Discretionary Cash Flow as presented may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating activities less (i) maintenance capital expenditures; (ii) gain (loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment; (iii) certain changes in operating assets and liabilities; (iv) certain other expenses; and (v) net growth capital expenditures; plus (x) severance expenses; (y) transaction expenses; and (z) proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment. We believe Free Cash Flow is a liquidity measure and useful supplemental financial measure for us in assessing our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments to grow our business and to service our debt. Free Cash Flow is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, such as revenues, net income (loss), operating income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities. Free Cash Flow as presented may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, to Discretionary Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow, for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 36,878 85,731 209,502 203,699 Maintenance capital expenditures (1) (21,553) (12,312) (51,342) (28,056) Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,398 2,398 Severance expense (2) 2,243 11,212 Transaction expenses (3) 2,554 440 27,821 1,713 (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 10,376 9,203 (721) Change in operating assets and liabilities 84,479 (9,697) 76,663 3,422 Other (4) (11,928) (3,516) (17,468) (4,833) Discretionary Cash Flow 103,049 63,044 265,591 177,622 Growth capital expenditures (5)(6)(7) (65,115) (55,671) (214,906) (124,015) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 14,566 14,977 1,055 Free Cash Flow 52,500 7,373 65,662 54,662 
 (1) See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Capital Expenditures for information regarding amounts designated as maintenance capital expenditures. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were 2.2 million and 11.2 million, respectively, of severance expenses related to the CSI Acquisition. There were no such expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Represents certain costs associated with non-recurring professional services, primarily related to the CSI Acquisition, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and other costs. 
 (4) Includes non-cash lease expense, provision for credit losses and inventory reserve. 
 (5) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, growth capital expenditures include a 0.3 million decrease and a 16.4 million increase in accrued capital expenditures, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, growth capital expenditures include a 3.0 million decrease and a 6.5 million increase in accrued capital expenditures, respectively. 
 (6) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 51.7 million and 52.0 million of unit growth capital expenditures, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, there were 179.2 million and 112.0 million of new unit growth capital expenditures, respectively. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Capital Expenditures for information regarding amounts designated as growth capital expenditures. 
 (7) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, growth capital expenditures include a non-cash increase in the sales tax accrual on compression equipment purchases of 1.7 million and 0.3 million, respectively. These accrual amounts are estimated based on the best-known information as it relates to open audit periods with the state of Texas. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were increases of 21.8 million and 0.9 million, respectively. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The following table reconciles net income (loss) to Discretionary Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow, for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 2023 Net income (loss) (6,211) 21,766 30,734 26,940 Depreciation and amortization 73,452 46,087 189,859 136,414 Long-lived asset impairment 9,921 9,921 Change in fair value of derivatives 27,512 (7,978) 13,219 13,551 Loss on extinguishment of debt 6,757 6,757 Deferred tax provision (2,283) 5,551 4,821 6,312 Amortization of debt issuance costs 3,133 189 8,079 11,260 Equity compensation expense (1) 3,905 2,544 12,064 3,452 Severance expense (2) 2,243 11,212 Transaction expenses (3) 2,554 440 27,821 1,713 (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 10,376 9,203 (721) Maintenance capital expenditures (4) (21,553) (12,312) (51,342) (28,056) Discretionary Cash Flow 103,049 63,044 265,591 177,622 Growth capital expenditures (5)(6)(7) (65,115) (55,671) (214,906) (124,015) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 14,566 14,977 1,055 Free Cash Flow 52,500 7,373 65,662 54,662 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 3.9 million and 2.5 million of non-cash adjustments for equity compensation expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there were 12.1 million and 3.5 million of non-cash adjustments for equity compensation expense. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were 2.2 million and 11.2 million of severance expenses related to the CSI Acquisition. There were no such expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Represents certain costs associated with non-recurring professional services, primarily related to the CSI Acquisition for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and other costs. 
 (4) See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Capital Expenditures for information regarding amounts designated as maintenance capital expenditures. 
 (5) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, growth capital expenditures include a 0.3 million decrease and a 16.4 million increase in accrued capital expenditures, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, growth capital expenditures include a 3.0 million decrease and a 6.5 million increase in accrued capital expenditures, respectively. 
 (6) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 51.7 million and 52.0 million of unit growth capital expenditures, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, there were 179.2 million and 112.0 million of new unit growth capital expenditures, respectively. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Capital Expenditures for information regarding amounts designated as growth capital expenditures. 
 (7) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, growth capital expenditures include a non-cash increase in the sales tax accrual on compression equipment purchases of 1.7 million and 0.3 million, respectively. These accrual amounts are estimated based on the best-known information as it relates to open audit periods with the state of Texas. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were increases of 21.8 million and 0.9 million, respectively. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates, see Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Except as described below, there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Acquisition Purchase Price Allocations 
 We account for acquisitions of businesses using the purchase method, which requires the allocation of the purchase price based on the fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired. We estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired using accepted valuation methods, and, in many cases, such estimates are based on our judgments as to the future operating cash flows expected to be generated from the acquired assets throughout their estimated useful lives. We will account for the various assets (including intangible assets) and liabilities acquired with the CSI Acquisition based on our estimate of fair values. Goodwill represents the excess of acquisition purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired. Our estimates and judgments of the fair value of acquired businesses are imprecise, and the use of inaccurate fair value estimates could result in the improper allocation of the acquisition purchase price to acquired assets and liabilities, which could result in asset impairments, the recording of previously unrecorded liabilities, and other financial statement adjustments. The difficulty in estimating the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities is increased during periods of economic uncertainty. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our primary exposure to interest rate risk results from outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility, which has a floating interest rate component. We use interest rate derivative instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in these variable interest rate components. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 1.9 billion and 1.8 billion, respectively, outstanding under the ABL Facility and 1.6 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively, outstanding and effective notional amounts of floating to fixed interest rate swaps, which we attribute to our borrowings under our ABL Facility. Excluding the effect of interest rate swaps, the average annualized interest rate incurred on the ABL Facility for borrowings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was approximately 7.93 . We estimate that a 1.0 increase in the applicable average interest rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, would have resulted in an estimated 8.0 million increase in ABL-related interest expense. 
 Counterparty Risk 
 Our credit exposure generally relates to receivables for services provided and a counterparty s failure to meet its obligations under a derivatives contract with the Company. If any significant customer of ours should have credit or financial problems resulting in a delay or failure to pay the amount due, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, if any significant vendor of ours should have financial problems or operational delays, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, an affiliate of one of our customers in the Powder River Basin has been undergoing a bankruptcy proceeding since 2019. Such customer has from time to time been late in remitting payment for our Contract Services, which we have continued to deliver, and we are pursuing prompt payment of the amount owed. We do not expect the amount owed presents any material concentration risk. 
 The Company uses credit and other financial criteria to evaluate the credit standing of, and to select, counterparties to its derivative instruments. Although the Company does not obtain collateral or otherwise secure the fair value of its derivative instruments, associated credit risk is mitigated by the Company s risk management policies and procedures. 
 Concentration Risk 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and year ended December 31, 2023, our four largest customers accounted for approximately 27 and 37 , respectively, of our recurring revenues, with no single customer accounting for more than 14 for either ending period. If any significant customer of ours should discontinue their relationship with us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Commodity Price Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. We do not take title to any natural gas or oil in connection with our services and, accordingly, have no direct exposure to fluctuating commodity prices. However, the demand for our Contract Services depends upon the continued demand for, and production of, natural gas and oil. Sustained low natural gas or oil prices over the long term could result in a decline in the production of natural gas or oil, which could result in reduced demand for our Contract Services. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as amended. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 As disclosed in Note 2. Acquisitions and Divestitures in Part I, Item 1, Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q, Kodiak acquired CSI Compressco on April 1, 2024. The total revenues of CSI Compressco represented approximately 27 and 22 , respectively, of the total revenues as shown on our condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and CSI Compressco s total assets constituted approximately 22 of total assets as shown on our condensed consolidated financial statements for the same period. Kodiak is currently integrating CSI Compressco into our overall internal control over financial reporting process and, consistent with interpretive guidance issued by the Staff of the SEC, is excluding the business from our evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. In accordance with such guidance, an assessment of recent business combinations may be omitted from management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting for one year following the acquisition. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As noted above, we acquired CSI Compressco on April 1, 2024. We are integrating CSI Compressco into our overall internal control over financial reporting process. At this time, we anticipate that the scope of our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 will exclude CSI Compressco s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Other than as set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we and our subsidiaries may be involved in various claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In management s opinion, the resolution of such matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See the subsection titled Sales Tax Contingency in Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 Financial Statements of this Report for more information on certain litigation. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 The following table contains information about our purchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program(2) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program(2) July 1-31, 2024 August 1-31, 2024 September 1-30, 2024 1,000,000 25.00 1,000,000 25.00 
 (1) Excluding fees, commissions, and expenses associated with the share repurchases. 
 (2) We do not currently maintain a share repurchase program. On September 4, 2024, our Board authorized the 
 repurchase of 25 million of shares of common stock from Kodiak Holdings. On September 11, 2024, we purchased from 
 Kodiak Holdings in a private transaction 1,000,000 shares of common stock at a price per share of 25.00. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as such term is defined in Rule16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2023). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-41732) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024). 
 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among Kodiak Gas Services, Inc., Frontier TopCo Partnership, L.P. and each of the other signatories from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2023). 
 4.2 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. and Frontier TopCo Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2023). 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024). 
 10.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Kodiak Gas Services, LLC, dated as of April 1, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 __________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ John B. Griggs John B. Griggs Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Ewan W. Hamilton Ewan W. Hamilton Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kgs-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Robert M. McKee, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Robert M. McKee Name Robert M. McKee Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kgs-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, John B. Griggs, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s John B. Griggs Name John B. Griggs Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kgs-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 I, Robert M. McKee, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Robert M. McKee Name Robert M. McKee Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kgs-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 I, John B. Griggs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s John B. Griggs Name John B. Griggs Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kgs-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kgs-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kgs-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kgs-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kgs-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

