<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1141391_0001141391-24-000202.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9165218</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1535045</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3556507</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1999111</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1730636</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001141391-24-000202.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031102736
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001141391-24-000202
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mastercard Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001141391
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				134172551
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32877
		FILM NUMBER:		241412891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 PURCHASE STREET
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9142492000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 PURCHASE STREET
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASTERCARD INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010525

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001141391-24-000202.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 ma-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ma-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange of which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) 
 Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; and shares outstanding of the registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

MASTERCARD INCORPORATED FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and procedures 
 PART II 
 46 
 Item 1. 
 Legal proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk factors 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 48 
 - Signatures 

2 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

In this Report on Form 10-Q Report ), references to the Company, Mastercard, we, us or our refer to the business conducted by Mastercard Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, including our operating subsidiary, Mastercard International Incorporated, and to the Mastercard brand. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. When used in this Report, the words believe , expect , could , may , would , will , trend and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to the Company s future prospects, developments and business strategies. 
 Many factors and uncertainties relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, influence whether any forward-looking statements can or will be achieved. Any one of those factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in writing in any forward-looking statements made by Mastercard or on its behalf, including, but not limited to, the following factors: 
 regulation related to the payments industry (including regulatory, legislative and litigation activity with respect to interchange rates and surcharging) 
 the impact of preferential or protective government actions 
 regulation of privacy, data, AI, information security and the digital economy 
 regulation that directly or indirectly applies to us based on our participation in the global payments industry (including anti-money laundering, countering the financing of terrorism, economic sanctions and anti-corruption, account-based payments systems, and issuer and acquirer practices regulation) 
 the impact of changes in tax laws, as well as regulations and interpretations of such laws or challenges to our tax positions 
 potential or incurred liability and limitations on business related to any litigation or litigation settlements 
 the impact of competition in the global payments industry (including disintermediation and pricing pressure) 
 the challenges relating to rapid technological developments and changes 
 the challenges relating to operating a real-time account-based payments system and to working with new customers and end users 
 the impact of information security incidents, account data breaches or service disruptions 
 issues related to our relationships with our stakeholders (including loss of substantial business from significant customers, competitor relationships with our customers, consolidation amongst our customers, merchants continued focus on acceptance costs and unique risks from our work with governments) 
 the impact of global economic, political, financial and societal events and conditions, including adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls 
 reputational impact, including impact related to brand perception and lack of visibility of our brands in products and services 
 the impact of environmental, social and governance matters and related stakeholder reaction 
 the inability to attract and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, or maintain our corporate culture 
 issues related to acquisition integration, strategic investments and entry into new businesses 
 exposure to loss or illiquidity due to our role as guarantor as well as other contractual obligations and discretionary actions we may take 
 issues related to our Class A common stock and corporate governance structure 
 Please see a complete discussion of these risk factors in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 3 

PART I Item 1. Consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 Item 2. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 Item 3. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 Item 4. Controls and procedures 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Item 1. Consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 Mastercard Incorporated 
 Index to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 Page Consolidated Statement of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet September 3 0 , 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 12 

MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 5 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Consolidated Statement of Operations (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except per share data) Net Revenue Operating Expenses: General and administrative Advertising and marketing Depreciation and amortization Provision for litigation Total operating expenses Operating income Other Income (Expense): Investment income Gains (losses) on equity investments, net ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Total other income (expense) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net Income Basic Earnings per Share Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted Earnings per Share Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Income tax effect ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of income tax effect ) ) Translation adjustments on net investment hedges ) ) Income tax effect ) ) Translation adjustments on net investment hedges, net of income tax effect ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Income tax effect ) ) Reclassification adjustments for cash flow hedges Income tax effect ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges, net of income tax effect Defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans Income tax effect Defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, net of income tax effect Investment securities available-for-sale 
 Income tax effect Investment securities available-for-sale, net of income tax effect Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax effect ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 7 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions, except per share data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted security deposits held for customers Investments Accounts receivable Settlement assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, equipment and right-of-use assets, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Goodwill Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Other assets Total Assets Liabilities, Redeemable Non-controlling Interests and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Settlement obligations Restricted security deposits held for customers Accrued litigation Accrued expenses Short-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders Equity Class A common stock, par value; authorized shares, and shares issued and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; authorized shares, shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in-capital Class A treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Mastercard Incorporated Stockholders' Equity Non-controlling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities, Redeemable Non-controlling Interests and Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 Stockholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Class A Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Mastercard Incorporated Stockholders Equity Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Class A Class B (in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at beginning of period 
 ) ) Net income Activity related to non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interest adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Dividends ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Share-based payments Balance at end of period 
 ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at beginning of period 
 ) ) Net income Activity related to non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interest adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Dividends ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Share-based payments Balance at end of period 
 ) ) 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 9 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) - (Continued) Stockholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Class A Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Mastercard Incorporated Stockholders Equity Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Class A Class B (in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period ) ) Net income Activity related to non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interest adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Share-based payments Balance at end of period ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period ) ) Net income Activity related to non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interest adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Share-based payments Balance at end of period ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of customer incentives Depreciation and amortization (Gains) losses on equity investments, net Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Settlement assets ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Accrued litigation and legal settlements ) ) Restricted security deposits held for customers Accounts payable ) Settlement obligations ) Accrued expenses Net change in other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Purchases of investments held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from sales of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities of investments held-to-maturity Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalized software ) ) Purchases of equity investments ) ) Proceeds from sales of equity investments Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Proceeds from debt, net Payment of debt ) Tax withholdings related to share-based payments ) ) Cash proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents - end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 11 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 Note 2. 
 equity interest in RF Ultimate Parent, Inc. Recorded Future ), a global threat intelligence company, for billion, excluding customary closing adjustments. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. The Company anticipates completing the acquisition by the first quarter of 2025. Upon completion, this acquisition is expected to add threat intelligence capabilities to Mastercard s identity, fraud prevention, real-time decisioning and cybersecurity services. 
 
 Note 3. 
 Value-added services and solutions Net revenue Net revenue by geographic region: Americas 1 
 Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa 
 Net revenue 
 1 Americas includes the United States, Canada and Latin America. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the new presentation. 
 
 12 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Contract assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets Deferred revenue 1 
 Other current liabilities Other liabilities 
 million and million, respectively . 
 
 Note 4. 
 Denominator Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive stock options and stock units Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 1 
 Earnings per Share Basic Diluted 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 1 For the periods presented, the calculation of diluted EPS excluded a minimal amount of anti-dilutive share-based payment awards. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Restricted security deposits held for customers Prepaid expenses and other current assets Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 13 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 6. 
 Held-to-maturity securities 1 
 Total investments 
 1 Held-to-maturity securities represent investments in time deposits that mature within one year. The cost of these securities approximates fair value. 
 Investment income on the consolidated statement of operations primarily consists of interest income generated from cash, cash equivalents, held-to maturity and available-for-sale investment securities, as well as realized gains and losses on the Company s investment securities. The realized gains and losses from the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not material. 
 Available-for-Sale Securities 
 Corporate securities ) Total ) 
 The Company s government and agency securities include U.S. government bonds, U.S. government sponsored agency bonds and foreign government bonds that are denominated in the national currency of the issuing country. Corporate securities held at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, primarily carried a credit rating of A- or better. Corporate securities are comprised of commercial paper and corporate bonds. The gross unrealized gains and losses on the available-for-sale securities are primarily driven by changes in interest rates. For the available-for-sale securities in gross unrealized loss positions, the Company (1) does not intend to sell the securities, (2) more likely than not, will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of the unrealized losses and (3) expects that the contractual principal and interest will be received. Unrealized gains and losses are recorded as a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 Due after 1 year through 5 years Total 
 
 14 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) ) ) Nonmarketable securities Total equity investments ) ) 
 1 Recorded in gains (losses) on equity investments, net on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 2 Includes reclasses between Marketable and Nonmarketable securities as well as translational impact of currency. 
 
 Equity method 
 Total Nonmarketable securities 
 Cumulative adjustments 1 : 
 Upward adjustments Downward adjustments (including impairment) ) Carrying amount, end of period 
 1 Includes immaterial translational impact of currency. 
 Downward adjustments (including impairment) ) ) ) ) Marketable securities: Unrealized gains (losses), net ) 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 15 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 7. 
 Corporate securities Derivative instruments 2 : 
 Foreign exchange contracts Marketable securities 3 : 
 Equity securities Deferred compensation plan 4 : 
 Deferred compensation assets Liabilities Derivative instruments 2 : 
 Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate contracts Deferred compensation plan 5 : 
 Deferred compensation liabilities 
 1 The Company s U.S. government securities are classified within Level 1 of the Valuation Hierarchy as the fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets in active markets. The fair value of the Company s available-for-sale non-U.S. government and agency securities and corporate securities are based on observable inputs such as quoted prices, benchmark yields and issuer spreads for similar assets in active markets and are therefore included in Level 2 of the Valuation Hierarchy. 
 2 The Company s foreign exchange and interest rate derivative asset and liability contracts measured at fair value are based on observable inputs such as broker quotes for similar derivative instruments. See Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) for further details. 
 3 The Company s Marketable securities are publicly held and fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in their respective active markets. 
 4 The Company has a nonqualified deferred compensation plan where assets are invested primarily in mutual funds held in a rabbi trust, which is restricted for payments to participants of the plan. The Company has elected to use the fair value option for these mutual funds, which are measured using quoted prices of identical instruments in active markets and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

16 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 billion and billion, respectively. At December 31, 2023, the carrying value and fair value of debt was billion and billion, respectively. See Note 10 (Debt) for further details. 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 Certain other financial instruments are carried on the consolidated balance sheet at cost or amortized cost basis, which approximates fair value due to their short-term, highly liquid nature. These instruments include cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, accounts receivable, settlement assets, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, accounts payable, settlement obligations and other accrued liabilities. 
 
 Note 8. 
 Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Equity investments Income taxes receivable Other Total other assets 
 Customer incentives represent payments made to customers under business agreements. Payments made directly related to entering into such an agreement are generally capitalized and amortized over the life of the agreement. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 17 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 9. 
 Personnel costs Income and other taxes Other Total accrued expenses 
 Customer incentives represent amounts to be paid to customers under business agreements. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, long-term customer incentives included in other liabilities were million and million, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. These amounts are separately reported as accrued litigation on the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 15 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) for additional information regarding the Company s accrued litigation. 
 
 18 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 10. 
 Senior Notes due January 2028 
 Senior Notes due January 2032 
 Senior Notes due January 2035 
 Senior Notes due May 2034 
 2023 USD Notes Senior Notes due March 2028 Senior Notes due March 2033 2022 EUR Notes 1 
 Senior Notes due February 2029 2021 USD Notes Senior Notes due November 2031 Senior Notes due March 2031 Senior Notes due March 2051 2020 USD Notes Senior Notes due March 2027 Senior Notes due March 2030 Senior Notes due March 2050 2019 USD Notes Senior Notes due June 2029 Senior Notes due June 2049 Senior Notes due March 2025 2018 USD Notes Senior Notes due February 2028 Senior Notes due February 2048 2016 USD Notes Senior Notes due November 2026 Senior Notes due November 2046 2015 EUR Notes 2 
 Senior Notes due December 2027 Senior Notes due December 2030 2014 USD Notes Senior Notes due April 2024 Other Debt 2023 INR Term Loan 3 
 Term Loan due July 2024 Less: Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Cumulative hedge accounting fair value adjustments 4 
 ) ) Total debt outstanding Less: Short-term debt 5 
 ) ) Long-term debt 
 1 million euro-denominated debt issued in February 2022. 
 2 million euro-denominated debt remaining of the billion issued in December 2015. 
 3 INR billion Indian rupee-denominated loan issued in July 2023. 
 4 The Company has an interest rate swap that is accounted for as a fair value hedge. See Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) for additional information. 

MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 19 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 billion of debt, as follows: 
 In May 2024, the Company issued billion principal amount of notes due May 2034 
 In September 2024, the Company issued million principal amount of notes due January 2028, million principal amount of notes due January 2032 and million principal amount of notes due January 2035 
 The issuances in 2024 are collectively referred to as the 2024 USD Notes . The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 USD Notes, after deducting the original issue discount, underwriting discount and offering expenses, were billion. 

Note 11. 
 Total dividends declared 
 Common Stock Activity 
 Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Share-based payments Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock Balance at end of period 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Outstanding Shares Outstanding Shares Class A Class B Class A Class B (in millions) Balance at beginning of period Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Share-based payments Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 20 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 billion and billion, respectively. 
 Shares repurchased Average price paid per share 
 1 The dollar-value of shares repurchased does not include a 1 excise tax. The incremental tax is recorded in treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the remaining authorization under the share repurchase programs approved by the Company s Board of Directors was billion. 
 
 Note 12.) ) Translation adjustments on net investment hedges 2 
 ) Cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts 3 
 ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans ) ) Investment securities available-for-sale ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2022 Increase / (Decrease) Reclassifications September 30, 2023 (in millions) Foreign currency translation adjustments 1 
 ) ) ) Translation adjustments on net investment hedges 2 
 Cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts 3 
 ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans ) ) Investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 1 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in the accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency translation adjustments was driven primarily by the appreciation of the British pound against the U.S. dollar, partially offset by the depreciation of the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar. Duri ng the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the increase in the accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency translation adjustments was driven primarily by the depreciation of the euro against the U.S. dollar. 
 2 Du ring the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in the accumulated other comprehensive gain related to the net investment hedges was driven primarily by the appreciation of the British pound against the U.S. dollar. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the increase in the accumulated other comprehensive gain related to the net investment hedges was driven by the depreciation of the euro against the U.S. dollar. See Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) for additional information. 
 3 Certain foreign exchange derivative contracts are designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified to the consolidated statement of operations when the underlying hedged transactions impact earnings. See Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) for additional information. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 21 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 13. 
 Restricted stock units Performance stock units 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the grant-date fair value of stock options and calculates the expected life and the expected volatility based on historical Mastercard information. The expected life of stock options granted in 2024 was estimated to be , while the expected volatility was determined to be . These awards expire from the date of grant and vest ratably over . 
 The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs is determined and fixed on the grant date based on the Company s Class A common stock price, adjusted for the exclusion of dividend equivalents. RSUs generally vest ratably over . 
 The Company uses the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model to determine the grant-date fair value of performance stock units PSUs granted. PSUs vest after from the date of grant and are subject to a mandatory deferral period, during which vested PSUs are eligible for dividend equivalents. 
 Compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures over the shorter of the vesting period or the date the individual becomes eligible to retire under the LTIP. The Company uses the straight-line method of attribution over the requisite service period for expensing equity awards. 
 
 Note 14. 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The higher effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, was primarily due to the Company s ability to claim more U.S. foreign tax credits generated in 2022 and 2023 resulting from Notice 2023-55 (the Notice ), released by the U.S. Department of Treasury Treasury in 2023. The higher effective income tax rate was partially offset by a million discrete tax expense in 2023 to establish a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset related to U.S. foreign tax credits generated prior to 2022, as well as a change in the Company s geographic mix of earnings in the current period. 
 The effective income tax rates were and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lower effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, was primarily due to a discrete tax expense in 2023 related to changes in the valuation allowance associated with the U.S. foreign tax credits deferred tax asset. In 2023, the treatment of foreign taxes paid under the U.S. tax regulations published in 2022 changed due to the foreign tax legislation enacted in Brazil and the Notice released by Treasury. Therefore, the Company recognized a total million discrete tax expense in 2023 to establish the valuation allowance. This discrete tax expense was partially offset by the Company s ability to claim more U.S. foreign tax credits generated in 2022 and 2023 due to the Notice. Additionally, a change in the Company s geographic mix of earnings in 2024 contributed to the lower effective income tax rate compared to the prior year. 
 The Company is subject to tax in the United States, Belgium, Singapore, the United Kingdom and various other foreign jurisdictions, as well as state and local jurisdictions. Uncertain tax positions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted after considering facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits, developments in case law and closing of statutes of limitation. Within the next twelve months, the Company believes that the resolution of certain federal, foreign and state and local examinations is reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur. While such a change may be significant, it is not possible to provide a range of the potential change until the examinations progress further or the related statutes of limitation expire. The Company has effectively settled its U.S. federal income tax obligations through 2014. With limited exception, the Company is no longer subject to state and local or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years before 2014. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit was million and million, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the withdrawal of a prior year refund claim, which had no impact on the consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 22 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 15. 
 of the monetary portion of the settlement. In the event of a settlement involving only Mastercard and the financial institutions with respect to their issuance of Mastercard cards, Mastercard would pay of the monetary portion of such settlement. 
 In 2012, the parties entered into a definitive settlement agreement with respect to the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases (including with respect to the claims related to the IPO) and the defendants separately entered into a settlement agreement with the individual merchant plaintiffs. The settlements included cash payments that were apportioned among the defendants pursuant to the omnibus judgment sharing and settlement sharing agreement described above. Mastercard also agreed to provide class members with a short-term reduction in default credit interchange rates and to modify certain of its business practices, including its no surcharge rule. The court granted final approval of the settlement in 2013. Following an appeal by objectors and as a result of a reversal by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 23 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the Damages Class interchange volume choosing to opt out of the settlement. The Damages Class settlement agreement became final in August 2023. Since 2018, Mastercard has reached settlements or agreements in principle to settle with over opt-out merchants. These opt-out merchant settlements, along with the Damages Class settlement, represent over of Mastercard s U.S. interchange volume. 
 Approximately individual opt-out merchants continue to litigate, seeking treble damages and attorneys fees and costs. During the first quarter of 2024, the district court denied the defendants motions for summary judgment with respect to these ongoing individual opt-out merchant cases, sending the cases back to their original jurisdictions for trials. In October 2024, the remaining opt-out merchants submitted expert reports on liability and damages issues. The aggregate single damages claimed by these merchants total approximately billion with respect to their Mastercard purchase volume. Mastercard would be responsible for of any Mastercard-related judgment pursuant to the December 2011 judgment and settlement sharing agreement discussed above. One court has scheduled a trial for cases involving of the larger opt-out merchants for October 2025. The remaining opt-out merchant cases have not yet been scheduled for trial. 
 In 2021, the district court granted the Rules Relief Class s motion for class certification. In March 2024, the parties to the Rules Relief Class litigation entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the Rules Relief Class claims. The court held a preliminary settlement approval hearing in June 2024, and subsequently issued a decision denying approval of the settlement. The parties are in ongoing settlement discussions. The court has not yet scheduled a trial date. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Mastercard had accrued a liability of million and million, respectively, for the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases. The liability as of September 30, 2024 represents Mastercard s best estimate of its probable liabilities in these matters and does not represent an estimate of a loss, if any, if the matters were litigated to a final outcome. Mastercard cannot estimate the potential liability if that were to occur. 
 Europe. Since 2012, a number of United Kingdom U.K. merchants filed claims or threatened litigation against Mastercard seeking damages for excessive costs paid for acceptance of Mastercard credit and debit cards arising out of alleged anti-competitive conduct with respect to, among other things, Mastercard s cross-border interchange fees and its U.K. and Ireland domestic interchange fees (the U.K. Merchant claimants ). In addition, Mastercard has faced similar filed or threatened litigation by merchants with respect to interchange rates in other countries in Europe (the Pan-European Merchant claimants ). Mastercard has resolved a substantial amount of these damages claims through settlement or judgment. Following these settlements, approximately billion (approximately billion as of September 30, 2024) of unresolved damages claims remain. Mastercard continues to litigate with the remaining U.K. and Pan-European Merchant claimants and it has submitted statements of defense disputing liability and damages claims. A number of those matters are now progressing with motion practice and discovery. A hearing involving multiple merchant cases was completed in March 2024 concerning certain liability issues with respect to merchant claims for damages related to post-Interchange Fee Regulation consumer interchange fees as well as commercial and inter-regional interchange fees. 
 In a separate matter, Mastercard and Visa were served with a proposed collective action complaint in the U.K. on behalf of merchants seeking damages for commercial card transactions in both the U.K. and the European Union. In December 2023, the plaintiffs filed a revised collective action application claiming damages against Mastercard in excess of billion (approximately billion as of September 30, 2024). In June 2024, the court granted the plaintiffs collective action application. Mastercard s request for permission to appeal this ruling was denied. 
 In 2016, a proposed collective action was filed in the United Kingdom on behalf of U.K. consumers seeking damages for intra-European Economic Area EEA and domestic U.K. interchange fees that were allegedly passed on to consumers by merchants between 1992 and 2008. The complaint, which seeks to leverage the European Commission s 2007 decision on intra-EEA interchange fees, claims damages in an amount that exceeds billion (approximately billion as of September 30, 2024). In 2021, the trial court issued a decision in which it granted class certification to the plaintiffs but narrowed the scope of the class. Since January 2023, the trial court has held hearings on various issues, including whether any causal connection existed between the levels of Mastercard s intra-EEA interchange fees and U.K. domestic interchange fees and regarding Mastercard s request to narrow the number of years of damages sought by the plaintiffs on statute of limitations grounds. In February 2024, the trial court ruled in Mastercard s favor, finding no causal connection between the levels of Mastercard s intra-EEA interchange fees and U.K. domestic interchange fees. The plaintiffs request for permission to appeal this ruling was denied. In June 2024, the trial court ruled in Mastercard s favor with respect to its request to dismiss of the plaintiffs damages claims on statute of limitations grounds. The plaintiffs request for permission to appeal this ruling was granted. 
 Mastercard has been named as a defendant in a proposed consumer collective action filed in Portugal on behalf of Portuguese consumers. The complaint, which seeks to leverage the 2019 resolution of the European Commission s investigation of Mastercard s central acquiring rules and interregional interchange fees, claims damages of approximately billion (approximately billion as of September 30, 2024) for interchange fees that were allegedly passed on to consumers by Portuguese merchants for a period of approximately years. Mastercard has submitted a statement of defense that disputes both liability and damages. 
 
 24 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 independent ATM operators filed a complaint styled as a class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against both Mastercard and Visa (the ATM Operators Class Complaint ). Plaintiffs seek to represent a class of non-bank operators of ATM terminals that operate in the United States with the discretion to determine the price of the ATM access fee for the terminals they operate. Plaintiffs allege that Mastercard and Visa have violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by imposing rules that require ATM operators to charge non-discriminatory ATM surcharges for transactions processed over Mastercard s and Visa s respective networks that are not greater than the surcharge for transactions over other networks accepted at the same ATM. Plaintiffs seek both injunctive and monetary relief equal to treble the damages they claim to have sustained as a result of the alleged violations and their costs of suit, including attorneys fees. 
 Subsequently, multiple related complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging both federal antitrust and multiple state unfair competition, consumer protection and common law claims against Mastercard and Visa on behalf of different putative classes of users of ATM services. The claims in these actions largely mirror the allegations made in the ATM Operators Class Complaint, although these complaints seek damages on behalf of consumers of ATM services who pay allegedly inflated ATM fees at both bank Bank ATM Consumer Class Complaint and non-bank Non-bank ATM Consumer Class Complaint ATM operators as a result of the defendants ATM rules. Plaintiffs seek both injunctive and monetary relief equal to treble the damages they claim to have sustained as a result of the alleged violations and their costs of suit, including attorneys fees. 
 In 2019, the plaintiffs in all class complaints filed with the district court their motions for class certification. In July 2023, the D.C. Circuit Court affirmed the district court s previous order granting class certification. The U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear the defendants appeal of the certification decision. 
 In May 2024, Mastercard executed a settlement agreement with the class lawyers representing the Bank ATM Consumer Class, subject to court approval. The trial court granted preliminary approval of the settlement and has scheduled a final approval hearing for January 2025. During the first quarter of 2024, Mastercard recorded an accrual of million in connection with this matter. The litigation with the ATM Operators Class and Non-bank ATM Consumer Class is ongoing. The plaintiffs in these remaining class complaints, in aggregate, allege over billion in single damages against all of the defendants. 
 U.S. Liability Shift Litigation 
 In 2016, a proposed U.S. merchant class action complaint was filed in federal court in California alleging that Mastercard, Visa, American Express and Discover (the Network Defendants ), EMVCo, and a number of issuing banks (the Bank Defendants engaged in a conspiracy to shift fraud liability for card present transactions from issuing banks to merchants not yet in compliance with the standards for EMV chip cards in the United States (the EMV Liability Shift ), in violation of the Sherman Act and California law. Plaintiffs allege damages equal to the value of all chargebacks for which class members became liable as a result of the EMV Liability Shift on October 1, 2015. The plaintiffs seek treble damages, attorney s fees and costs and an injunction against future violations of governing law. The district court denied the Network Defendants motion to dismiss the complaint, but granted such a motion for EMVCo and the Bank Defendants. In 2017, the district court transferred the case to New York so that discovery could be coordinated with the U.S. MDL Litigation Cases described above. In 2020, the district court issued an order granting the plaintiffs request for class certification. The plaintiffs have submitted expert reports that allege aggregate single damages in excess of billion against the Network Defendants. The Network Defendants submitted expert reports rebutting both liability and damages and all briefs on summary judgment have been submitted. In September 2024, the district court denied the Network Defendants motion for summary judgment. 
 Telephone Consumer Protection Class Action 
 Mastercard is a defendant in a Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA class action pending in Florida. The plaintiffs are individuals and businesses who allege that approximately unsolicited faxes were sent to them advertising a Mastercard co-brand card issued by First Arkansas Bank FAB ). The TCPA provides for uncapped statutory damages of per fax. Mastercard has asserted various defenses to the claims, and has notified FAB of an indemnity claim that it has (which FAB has disputed). In 2019, the Federal Communications Commission FCC issued a declaratory ruling clarifying that the TCPA does not apply to faxes sent to online fax services that are received online via email. In 2021, the trial court granted plaintiffs request for class certification, but narrowed the scope of the class to stand alone fax recipients only. Mastercard s request to appeal that decision was denied. Briefing on plaintiffs motion to amend the class definition and Mastercard s cross-motion to decertify the stand alone fax recipient class was completed in April 2023 and the parties await the court s decision. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 25 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 16. 
 Risk mitigation arrangements applied to settlement exposure 
 ) ) Net settlement exposure 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which the Company has risk mitigation arrangements for million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In addition, the Company enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business under which the Company agrees to indemnify third parties against damages, losses and expenses incurred in connection with legal and other proceedings arising from relationships or transactions with the Company. Certain indemnifications do not provide a stated maximum exposure. As the extent of the Company s obligations under these agreements depends entirely upon the occurrence of future events, the Company s potential future liability under these agreements is not determinable. Historically, payments made by the Company under these types of contractual arrangements have not been material. 
 
 Note 17. 
 
 26 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 months. 
 In April 2024, the Company entered into foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to variability in cash flows related to foreign denominated assets. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the consolidated statement of operations when the hedged transactions impact earnings. Forward points are excluded from the effectiveness assessment and are amortized to general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations over the hedge period. The maximum term of these contracts was for approximately years. 
 In addition, the Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the Company s aggregate liability portfolio, including potential future debt issuances, and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified as an adjustment to interest expense over the respective terms of the hedged debt issuances. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts, including interest rate swaps, to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the fair value of the Company's fixed-rate debt and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a fair value hedging relationship. Changes in fair value of these contracts and changes in fair value of fixed-rate debt attributable to changes in the hedged benchmark interest rate generally offset each other and are recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. Gains and losses related to the net settlements of interest rate swaps are also recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The periodic cash settlements are included in operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 In 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge related to billion of the Senior Notes due March 2050. In effect, the interest rate swap synthetically converts the fixed interest rate on this debt to a variable interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR Overnight Index Swap Rate. The net impacts to interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not material. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company may use foreign currency denominated debt and/or foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign subsidiaries against adverse movements in exchange rates. The effective portion of the net investment hedge is recorded as a currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Forward points are excluded from the effectiveness assessment and are amortized to general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations over the hedge period. The amounts recognized in earnings related to forward points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not material. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had billion and billion euro-denominated debt outstanding designated as hedges of a portion of its net investment in its European operations. In December 2023, the Company de-designated million of the euro-denominated debt as net investment hedges to effectively manage changes in its net investment exposures in foreign subsidiaries. The euro-denominated debt was subsequently re-designated as a net investment hedge effective April 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded pre-tax net foreign currency gains (losses) of ) million and ) million and million and million, respectively, in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had net foreign currency gains of million and million, after tax, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with this hedging activity. 
 Non-designated Derivatives 
 The Company may also enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to serve as economic hedges, such as to offset possible changes in the value of monetary assets and liabilities due to foreign exchange fluctuations, without designating these derivative contracts as hedging instruments. In addition, the Company is subject to foreign exchange risk as part of its daily settlement activities. This risk is typically limited to a few days between when a payment transaction takes place and the subsequent settlement with customers. To manage this risk, the Company may enter into short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts based upon anticipated receipts and disbursements for the respective currency position. The objective of these activities is to reduce the Company s exposure to volatility arising from gains and losses resulting from fluctuations of foreign currencies against its functional currencies. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 27 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Interest rate contracts in a fair value hedge 2 
 Foreign exchange contracts in a net investment hedge 1 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign exchange contracts 1 
 Total derivative assets/liabilities 
 1 Foreign exchange derivative assets and liabilities are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities, and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 2 Interest rate derivative liabilities are included within other current liabilities and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.) Net revenue ) General and administrative 2 
 ) Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) ) Derivative financial instruments in a net investment hedge relationship: Foreign exchange contracts ) 
 1 Includes immaterial amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 2 Includes immaterial amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in earnings. 
 Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Gain (Loss) 
 Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) into Earnings 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) (in millions) Derivative financial instruments in a cash flow hedge relationship: Foreign exchange contracts 1 
 ) Net revenue ) General and administrative 2 
 ) Interest rate contracts Interest expense ) ) Derivative financial instruments in a net investment hedge relationship: Foreign exchange contracts ) 
 1 Includes immaterial amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 2 Includes immaterial amounts excluded from the effectiveness assessment recognized in earnings. 
 
 28 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ) 

MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 29 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Item 2. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 The following supplements management's discussion and analysis of Mastercard Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2023 as contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2024. It also should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes of Mastercard Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Mastercard International Incorporated (together, Mastercard or the Company ), included elsewhere in this Report. Percentage changes provided throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations were calculated on amounts rounded to the nearest thousand. 

Financial Results Overview 
 The following table provides a summary of our key GAAP operating results, as reported: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except percentages and per share data) 
 Net revenue 7,369 6,533 13 20,678 18,550 11 Operating expenses 3,365 2,689 25 9,034 7,914 14 Operating income 4,004 3,844 4 11,644 10,636 9 Operating margin 54.3 58.8 (4.5) ppt 56.3 57.3 (1.0) ppt Income tax expense 603 563 7 1,831 1,914 (4) Effective income tax rate 15.6 15.0 0.6 ppt 16.1 18.6 (2.4) ppt Net income 3,263 3,198 2 9,532 8,404 13 Diluted earnings per share 3.53 3.39 4 10.25 8.85 16 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 925 943 (2) 930 949 (2) 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 The following table provides a summary of our key non-GAAP operating results 1 , adjusted to exclude the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, Special Items (which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items) and the related tax impacts on our non-GAAP adjustments. In addition, we have presented growth rates, adjusted for the impact of currency: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 As adjusted Currency-neutral 2024 2023 As adjusted Currency-neutral in millions, except per share data) Net revenue 
 7,369 6,533 13 14 20,678 18,550 11 12 Adjusted operating expenses 2,999 2,689 12 12 8,444 7,683 10 10 Adjusted operating margin 59.3 58.8 0.5 ppt 0.7 ppt 59.2 58.6 0.6 ppt 0.8 ppt Adjusted effective income tax rate 16.3 15.0 1.4 ppt 1.5 ppt 16.6 19.0 (2.4) ppt (2.4) ppt Adjusted net income 3,593 3,202 12 13 10,027 8,622 16 18 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 3.89 3.39 15 16 10.78 9.08 19 20 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 1 See Non-GAAP Financial Information for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts. 
 
 30 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Key highlights for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable periods in 2023: 
 Net revenue Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 GAAP Non-GAAP (currency-neutral) Both the as-reported and currency-neutral net revenue increase was attributable to growth in our payment network and value-added services and solutions. 
 up 13 up 14 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 GAAP Non-GAAP (currency-neutral) Both the as-reported and currency-neutral net revenue increase was attributable to growth in our payment network and value-added services and solutions. 
 up 11 up 12 
 Operating expenses Adjusted operating expenses Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 GAAP Non-GAAP 
 (currency-neutral) 
 The as-reported operating expense increase was primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses (including a restructuring charge in the third quarter of 2024) and litigation provisions. The as-adjusted operating expense increase was primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses. 
 up 25 up 12 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 GAAP Non-GAAP (currency-neutral) 
 The as-reported operating expense increase was primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses (including a restructuring charge in the third quarter of 2024) and litigation provisions. The as-adjusted operating expense increase was primarily due to higher general and administrative expenses. 
 up 14 up 10 
 Effective income 
 tax rate 
 Adjusted effective 
 income tax rate 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Both the as-reported and as-adjusted effective income tax rates were higher than the prior year rates primarily due to our ability in 2023 to claim more U.S. foreign tax credits generated in 2022 and 2023, partially offset by the establishment of a valuation allowance in 2023 as well as a change in our geographic mix of earnings in the current period. 
 GAAP Non-GAAP 15.6 16.3 up 0.6 ppt 
 up 1.4 ppt 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Both the as-reported and as-adjusted effective income tax rates were lower than the prior year rates primarily due to the establishment of a valuation allowance in 2023, partially offset by our ability in 2023 to claim more U.S. foreign tax credits generated in 2022 and 2023. Additionally, a change in our geographic mix of earnings in 2024 contributed to the lower effective income tax rate compared to the prior year. 
 GAAP Non-GAAP 16.1 16.6 down 2.4 ppt 
 down 2.4 ppt 
 
 Other financial highlights for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 We generated net cash flows from operations of 9.9 billion. 
 We repurchased 16.5 million shares of our common stock for 7.6 billion and paid dividends of 1.8 billion. 
 We completed debt offerings for an aggregate principal amount of 4.0 billion. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 31 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 Non-GAAP financial information is defined as a numerical measure of a company s performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). As described more fully below, our non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, which includes mark-to-market fair value adjustments, impairments and gains and losses upon disposition, as well as the related tax impacts. Our non-GAAP financial measures also exclude the impact of special items, where applicable, which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items, as well as the related tax impacts Special Items ). We also present growth rates adjusted for the impact of currency, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. We use non-GAAP financial measures to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. We excluded these items because management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the Company separately from these recurring and nonrecurring items. Operating expenses, operating margin, other income (expense), effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share adjusted for the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, Special Items and/or the impact of currency, should not be relied upon as substitutes for measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our non-GAAP financial measures for the comparable periods exclude the impact of the following: 
 Gains and Losses on Equity Investments 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we recorded net losses of 62 million 63 million after tax, or 0.07 per diluted share) and 69 million 67 million after tax, or 0.07 per diluted share), respectively, primarily related to unrealized fair market value adjustments on marketable and nonmarketable equity securities. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded net losses of 6 million 5 million after tax, or an immaterial impact per diluted share) and 95 million 63 million after tax, or 0.07 per diluted share), respectively, primarily related to unrealized fair market value adjustments on marketable and nonmarketable equity securities. 
 Special Items 
 Litigation provisions 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded charges of 176 million 120 million after tax, or 0.13 per diluted share), primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded charges of 400 million 281 million after tax, or 0.30 per diluted share), primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation, settlements with a number of U.K. merchants and a legal provision associated with the ATM non-discrimination rule surcharge complaints. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded charges of 231 million 156 million after tax, or 0.16 per diluted share) primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation. 
 Restructuring charge 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a restructuring charge of 190 million 147 million after tax, or 0.16 per diluted share). The restructuring action is intended to streamline our organization, delivering efficiencies to enable reinvestment in our business to support the realization of our long-term growth opportunities. 
 See Note 6 (Investments) and Note 15 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for further discussion related to certain of the items discussed above. 
 Currency-neutral Growth Rates 
 Currency-neutral growth rates are calculated by remeasuring the prior period s results using the current period s exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results and are non-GAAP financial measures. The impact of currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different from our U.S. dollar reporting currency. The impact of the transactional currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. The impact of the related realized gains and losses resulting from our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments (specifically those that manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses) is recognized in the respective financial statement line item on the statement of operations when the underlying forecasted transactions impact earnings. 
 The translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments as specified in the preceding paragraph (collectively the Currency Impact has been excluded from our currency-neutral growth rates and has been identified in the Non-GAAP Reconciliations tables below and our Drivers of Change tables. 
 
 32 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 See Foreign Currency - Currency Impact for further information on our currency impacts and Financial Results - Net Revenue and Financial Results - Operating Expenses for our "Drivers of Change tables. 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 The following tables reconcile our reported financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP to the respective adjusted non-GAAP financial measures: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Operating expenses Operating margin Other income (expense) Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Increase/(Decrease) 
 Reported - GAAP 3,365 54.3 (138) 15.6 3,263 3.53 (Gains) losses on equity investments 62 (0.3) 63 0.07 Litigation provisions (176) 2.4 0.7 120 0.13 Restructuring charge 
 (190) 2.6 0.3 147 0.16 Adjusted - Non-GAAP 2,999 59.3 (75) 16.3 3,593 3.89 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Operating expenses Operating margin Other income (expense) Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Increase/(Decrease) 
 Reported - GAAP 9,034 56.3 (281) 16.1 9,532 10.25 (Gains) losses on equity investments 69 (0.1) 67 0.07 Litigation provisions (400) 1.9 0.5 281 0.30 Restructuring charge 
 (190) 0.9 0.1 147 0.16 Adjusted - Non-GAAP 8,444 59.2 (211) 16.6 10,027 10.78 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Operating expenses Operating margin Other income (expense) Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Increase/(Decrease) 
 Reported - GAAP 2,689 58.8 (83) 15.0 3,198 3.39 (Gains) losses on equity investments 6 5 Adjusted - Non-GAAP 2,689 58.8 (78) 15.0 3,202 3.39 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Operating expenses Operating margin Other income (expense) Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Increase/(Decrease) 
 Reported - GAAP 7,914 57.3 (318) 18.6 8,404 8.85 (Gains) losses on equity investments 95 0.1 63 0.07 Litigation provisions (231) 1.2 0.3 156 0.16 Adjusted - Non-GAAP 7,683 58.6 (223) 19.0 8,622 9.08 
 Note: Tables may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 33 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following tables represent the reconciliation of our growth rates reported under GAAP to our non-GAAP growth rates: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Operating expenses Operating margin Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Reported - GAAP 25 (4.5) ppt 0.6 ppt 2 4 (Gains) losses on equity investments (0.3) ppt 2 2 Litigation provisions (7) 2.4 ppt 0.7 ppt 4 4 Restructuring charge 
 (7) 2.6 ppt 0.3 ppt 5 5 Adjusted - Non-GAAP 12 0.5 ppt 1.4 ppt 12 15 Currency Impact 
 0.3 ppt 0.1 ppt 1 1 Adjusted - Non-GAAP - currency-neutral 12 0.7 ppt 1.5 ppt 13 16 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Operating expenses Operating margin Effective income tax rate Net income Diluted earnings per share Reported - GAAP 14 (1.0) ppt (2.4) ppt 13 16 (Gains) losses on equity investments (0.2) ppt Litigation provisions (2) 0.7 ppt 0.2 ppt 1 1 Restructuring charge 
 (2) 0.9 ppt 0.1 ppt 2 2 Adjusted - Non-GAAP 10 0.6 ppt (2.4) ppt 16 19 Currency Impact 
 0.2 ppt ppt 1 1 Adjusted - Non-GAAP - currency-neutral 10 0.8 ppt (2.4) ppt 18 20 
 Note: Tables may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Key Metrics and Drivers 
 In addition to the financial measures described above in Financial Results Overview , we review the following metrics to evaluate and identify trends in our business, measure our performance, prepare financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that the key metrics presented facilitate an understanding of our operating and financial performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. 
 Operating Margin measures how much profit we make on each dollar of sales after our operating costs but before other income (expense) and income tax expense. Operating margin is calculated by dividing our operating income by net revenue. 
 Key Drivers 
 Gross Dollar Volume GDV 1 measures dollar volume of activity, including both domestic and cross-border volume, on cards carrying our brands during the period, on a local currency basis and U.S. dollar-converted basis. GDV represents purchase volume plus cash volume; purchase volume means the aggregate dollar amount of purchases made with Mastercard-branded cards for the relevant period; and cash volume means the aggregate dollar amount of cash disbursements and includes the impact of balance transfers and convenience checks obtained with Mastercard-branded cards for the relevant period. Information denominated in U.S. dollars relating to GDV is calculated by applying an established U.S. dollar/local currency exchange rate for each local currency in which our volumes are reported. These exchange rates are calculated on a quarterly basis using the average exchange rate for each quarter. We report period-over-period rates of change in purchase volume and cash volume on the basis of local currency information, in order to eliminate the impact of changes in the value of currencies against the U.S. dollar in calculating such rates of change. 
 Cross-border Volume Growth measures the growth of cross-border dollar volume during the period, on a local currency basis and U.S. dollar-converted basis, for all Mastercard-branded programs. 
 Switched Transactions measures the number of transactions switched by Mastercard, which is defined as the number of transactions initiated and switched through our network during the period. 
 1 Data used in the calculation of GDV is provided by Mastercard customers and is subject to verification by Mastercard and partial cross-checking against information provided by Mastercard s transaction switching systems. All data is subject to revision and amendment by Mastercard or Mastercard s customers. 
 
 34 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following tables provide a summary of the growth trends in our key drivers: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) USD Local USD Local USD Local USD Local Mastercard-branded GDV growth 1 
 9 10 11 11 8 10 11 13 United States 7 7 5 5 6 6 6 6 Worldwide less United States 10 12 14 13 8 12 13 16 Cross-border volume growth 1 
 17 17 26 21 17 17 26 26 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) Switched transactions growth 11 15 11 15 
 1 Excludes volume generated by Maestro and Cirrus cards. 
 Key Metrics related to the Payment Network 
 Assessments represent agreed-upon standard pricing provided to our customers based on various forms of payment-related activity. Assessments are used internally by management to monitor operating performance as it allows for comparability and provides visibility into cardholder trends. Assessments do not represent our net revenue. 
 The following provides additional information on our key metrics related to the payment network: 
 Domestic assessments are charges based on activity related to cards that carry the Company s brands where the merchant country and the country of issuance are the same. These assessments are primarily driven by the domestic dollar volume of activity (e.g., domestic purchase volume, domestic cash volume) or the number of cards issued. 
 Cross-border assessments are charges based on activity related to cards that carry the Company s brands where the merchant country and the country of issuance are different. These assessments are primarily driven by the cross-border dollar volume of activity (e.g., cross-border purchase volume, cross-border cash volume). 
 Transaction processing assessments are charges primarily driven by the number of switched transactions on our payment network. Switching activities include: 
 Authorization, the process by which a transaction is routed to the issuer for approval 
 Clearing, the determination and exchange of financial transaction information between issuers and acquirers after a transaction has been successfully conducted at the point of interaction 
 Settlement, which facilitates the determination and exchange of funds between parties 
 These assessments can also include connectivity services and network access, which are based on the volume of data transmitted and the number of authorization and settlement messages. 
 Other network assessments are charges for licensing, implementation and other franchise fees. 
 The following table provides a summary of our key metrics related to the payment network: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 As reported Currency-neutral 2024 2023 As reported Currency-neutral in millions) Domestic assessments 2,641 2,460 7 10 7,707 7,182 7 9 Cross-border assessments 2,804 2,313 21 22 7,475 6,211 20 21 Transaction processing assessments 3,587 3,172 13 14 9,997 8,902 12 13 Other network assessments 227 229 (1) (1) 697 712 (2) (2) 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 35 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Foreign Currency 
 Currency Impact 
 Our primary revenue functional currencies are the U.S. dollar, euro, British pound and the Brazilian real. Our overall operating results are impacted by currency translation, which represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different than our U.S. dollar reporting currency. 
 Our operating results are also impacted by transactional currency. The impact of the transactional currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expense transactions occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. Changes in currency exchange rates directly impact the calculation of gross dollar volume GDV ), which is used in the calculation of our key metrics related to domestic assessments and cross-border assessments as well as certain volume-related rebates and incentives. GDV is calculated based on local currency spending volume converted to U.S. dollars and euros using average exchange rates for the period. As a result, our key metrics related to domestic assessments and cross-border assessments as well as certain volume-related rebates and incentives are impacted by the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar and euro versus local currencies. For example, our billing in Australia is in the U.S. dollar, however, consumer spend in Australia is in the Australian dollar. The transactional currency impact of converting Australian dollars to our U.S. dollar billing currency will have an impact on the revenue generated. The strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar is evident when GDV growth on a U.S. dollar-converted basis is compared to GDV growth on a local currency basis. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, GDV on a U.S. dollar-converted basis increased 9 and 8 , respectively, while GDV on a local currency basis increased 10 for each of the periods, versus the comparable periods in 2023. Further, the impact from transactional currency occurs in our key metrics related to transaction processing assessments and other network assessments as well as value-added services and solutions revenue and operating expenses when the transacting currency of these items is different than the functional currency of the entity. 
 To manage the impact of foreign currency variability on anticipated revenues and expenses, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship as discussed further in Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. 
 Foreign Exchange Activity 
 We incur foreign currency gains and losses from remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities, including settlement assets and obligations, that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. To manage this foreign exchange risk, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge the foreign currency exposure of our nonfunctional currency monetary assets and liabilities. The gains or losses resulting from the changes in fair value of these contracts are intended to reduce the potential effect of the underlying hedged exposure and are recorded net within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. The impact of this foreign exchange activity, including the related hedging activities, has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results. 
 Our foreign exchange risk management activities are discussed further in Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. 
 
 Financial Results 
 
 Net Revenue 
 The components of net revenue were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Payment network 4,629 4,210 10 12,924 11,933 8 Value-added services and solutions 2,740 2,323 18 7,754 6,617 17 Total net revenue 7,369 6,533 13 20,678 18,550 11 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net revenue increased 13 , or 14 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase in net revenue was attributable to both our payment network and value-added services and solutions. 
 Net revenue from our payment network increased 10 , or 11 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by growth in domestic and cross-border dollar volumes and an increase in the number of switched transactions, reflecting trends of growth in our key drivers. Net revenue from our payment network included 4,630 million of rebates and incentives provided to customers, which increased 17 , or 19 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in our key drivers as well as new and renewed deals. 
 
 36 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Net revenue from our value-added services and solutions increased 18 , or 19 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase was driven primarily by (1) growth in our underlying key drivers, (2) our consulting and marketing services, and fraud and security and identity and authentication solutions and (3) pricing. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net revenue increased 11 , or 12 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase in net revenue was attributable to both our payment network and value-added services and solutions. 
 Net revenue from our payment network increased 8 , or 9 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by growth in domestic and cross-border dollar volumes and an increase in the number of switched transactions, reflecting trends of growth in our key drivers. Net revenue from our payment network included 12,952 million of rebates and incentives provided to customers, which increased 17 , or 18 on a currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in our key drivers as well as new and renewed deals. 
 Net revenue from our value-added services and solutions increased 17 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase was driven primarily by (1) growth in our underlying key drivers and (2) our consulting and marketing services, and fraud and security and identity and authentication solutions. 
 See Note 3 (Revenue) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a further discussion of our revenue recognition policies. 
 Drivers of Change 
 The following table summarizes the drivers of change in net revenue: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Operational Acquisitions Currency impact 1 
 Total Payment network 11 (1) 10 Value-added services and solutions 19 (1) 18 Net revenue 14 (1) 13 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Operational Acquisitions Currency impact 1 
 Total Payment network 9 (1) 8 Value-added services and solutions 18 17 Net revenue 12 (1) 11 
 Note: Tables may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not applicable. 
 1 Includes the translational and transactional impact of currency and the related impact of our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments. See Non-GAAP Financial Information - Currency-neutral Growth Rates for further information on our currency impact non-GAAP adjustment. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 37 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Operating Expenses 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating expenses increased 25 versus the comparable period in 2023. Adjusted operating expenses increased 12 , on both an as adjusted and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating expenses increased 14 versus the comparable period in 2023. Adjusted operating expenses increased 10 , on both an as adjusted and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. 
 The components of operating expenses were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) General and administrative 2,744 2,285 20 7,448 6,528 14 Advertising and marketing 220 193 14 520 561 (7) Depreciation and amortization 225 211 7 666 594 12 Provision for litigation 176 400 231 Total operating expenses 3,365 2,689 25 9,034 7,914 14 Special Items 1 
 (366) (590) (231) Adjusted total operating expenses (excluding Special Items 1 
 2,999 2,689 12 8,444 7,683 10 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not meaningful. 
 1 See Non-GAAP Financial Information for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts. 
 Drivers of Change 
 The following table summarizes the drivers of change in operating expenses: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Operational Acquisitions Currency impact 1, 2 
 Special 
 Items 2, 3 
 Total General and administrative 12 8 20 Advertising and marketing 15 14 Depreciation and amortization 7 1 7 Provision for litigation 3 
 Total operating expenses 12 14 25 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Operational Acquisitions Currency impact 1, 2 
 Special 
 Items 2, 3 
 Total General and administrative 11 3 14 Advertising and marketing (7) (7) Depreciation and amortization 12 12 Provision for litigation 3 
 Total operating expenses 10 4 14 
 Note: Tables may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not applicable/meaningful. 
 1 Represents the translational and transactional impact of currency. 
 2 See Non-GAAP Financial Information for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts. 
 3 The Special Items driver of change related to provision for litigation is reflected in total operating expenses. 
 
 38 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 General and Administrative 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses increased 20 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. Current period results include an increase of 8 percentage points from a restructuring charge of 190 million. The remaining increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs to support the continued investment in our strategic initiatives across payments and value-added services and solutions, as well as fulfillment costs to provide marketing services. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses increased 14 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. Current period results include an increase of 3 percentage points from a restructuring charge of 190 million. The remaining increase was primarily due to higher personnel and data processing costs to support the continued investment in our strategic initiatives across payments and value-added services and solutions, as well as fulfillment costs to provide marketing services. 
 The components of general and administrative expenses were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Personnel 1 
 1,899 1,573 21 5,020 4,494 12 Professional fees 129 118 9 358 332 8 Data processing and telecommunications 279 262 7 820 743 10 Foreign exchange activity 2 
 16 25 (31) 49 65 (24) Other 
 421 307 36 1,201 894 34 Total general and administrative expenses 2,744 2,285 20 7,448 6,528 14 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not meaningful. 
 1 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total general and administrative expenses includes a restructuring charge of 190 million. See Non-GAAP Financial Information for further information. 
 2 Foreign exchange activity includes the impact of remeasurement of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies net of the impact of gains and losses on foreign exchange derivative contracts. See Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 for further discussion. 
 Advertising and Marketing 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, advertising and marketing expenses increased 14 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to timing of marketing campaigns. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, advertising and marketing expenses decreased 7 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to timing of spending on sponsorships as well as timing of marketing campaigns. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization expenses increased 7 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization expenses increased 12 , on both an as reported and currency-neutral basis, versus the comparable period in 2023. The increase for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increased software capitalization driven by the continued growth of our business. 
 Provision for Litigation 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded charges of 176 million, primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded charges of 400 million, primarily as a result of a change in estimate related to the claims of merchants who opted out of the U.S. merchant class litigation, settlements with a number of U.K. merchants and a legal provision associated with the ATM non-discrimination rule surcharge complaints. See Non-GAAP Financial Information in this section and Note 15 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for further discussion. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 39 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Other Income (Expense) 
 The components of total other income (expense) were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Investment income 76 71 7 231 185 25 Gains (losses) on equity investments, net (62) (6) (69) (95) (27) Interest expense (159) (151) 6 (462) (427) 8 Other income (expense), net 7 3 19 19 Total other income (expense) (138) (83) (281) (318) (12) (Gains) losses on equity investments 1 
 62 6 69 95 (27) Adjusted total other income (expense) 1 
 (75) (78) (4) (211) (223) (6) 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 Not meaningful. 
 1 See Non-GAAP Financial Information for further information on our non-GAAP adjustments and the reconciliation to GAAP reported amounts. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective income tax rates were 15.6 and 15.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The adjusted effective income tax rates were 16.3 and 15.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Both the as-reported and as-adjusted effective income tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were higher versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to our ability to claim more U.S. foreign tax credits generated in 2022 and 2023 resulting from Notice 2023-55 (the Notice ), released by the U.S. Department of Treasury Treasury in 2023. The higher effective income tax rates were partially offset by a 115 million discrete tax expense in 2023 to establish a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset related to U.S. foreign tax credits generated prior to 2022, as well as a change in our geographic mix of earnings in the current period. 
 The effective income tax rates were 16.1 and 18.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The adjusted effective income tax rates were 16.6 and 19.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Both the as-reported and as-adjusted effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were lower versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to a discrete tax expense in 2023 related to changes in the valuation allowance associated with the U.S. foreign tax credits deferred tax asset. In 2023, the treatment of foreign taxes paid under the U.S. tax regulations published in 2022 changed due to the foreign tax legislation enacted in Brazil and the Notice released by Treasury. Therefore, we recognized a total 327 million discrete tax expense in 2023 to establish the valuation allowance. This discrete tax expense was partially offset by our ability to claim more U.S. foreign tax credits generated in 2022 and 2023 due to the Notice. Additionally, a change in our geographic mix of earnings in 2024 contributed to the lower effective income tax rates compared to the prior year. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD Pillar 2 guidelines published to date include transition and safe harbor rules around the implementation of the 15 global minimum tax (the Pillar 2 Rules ). Based on current enacted legislation, we do not expect a material impact in 2024. However, in 2025, we expect the Pillar 2 Rules will primarily offset the reduction to our effective income tax rate resulting from our incentive grant received from the Singapore Ministry of Finance. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this incentive grant reduced our effective income tax rate by approximately 4 . We are continuously monitoring developments and evaluating the impacts these new rules may have on our future effective income tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 40 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations. The following table summarizes the cash, cash equivalents, investments and credit available to us: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in billions) Cash, cash equivalents and investments 1 
 11.4 9.2 Unused line of credit 8.0 8.0 
 1 Investments include available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities. This amount excludes restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents of 1.9 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations, which include litigation provisions and credit and settlement exposure. 
 Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers. Historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be indicative of potential future losses. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven by regional or global economic and market conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region. See Note 16 (Settlement and Other Risk Management) to the consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 for a description of these guarantees. 
 Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. For additional discussion of these and other risks facing our business, see Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 15 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 
 Cash Flows 
 The table below shows a summary of the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 9,946 7,850 Net cash used in investing activities (724) (1,137) Net cash used in financing activities (6,795) (7,138) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 2,096 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to higher net income after adjusting for non-cash items as well as lower cash payments for litigation settlements, partially offset by higher customer incentive payments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 413 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to higher proceeds from maturities and sales of investment securities. 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 343 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, versus the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to higher cash proceeds received from debt issuances, partially offset by repayments of debt and higher cash paid for repurchases of our Class A common stock and dividends. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 41 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Debt and Credit Availability 
 In April 2024, 1 billion of principal related to the 2014 USD Notes matured and was paid. In July 2024, INR28.1 billion 336 million as of payment date) of principal related to the 2023 INR Term Loan matured and was paid. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued a total of 4 billion of debt as follows: 
 In May 2024, we issued 1 billion principal amount of notes due May 2034 
 In September 2024, we issued 750 million principal amount of notes due January 2028, 1,150 million principal amount of notes due January 2032 and 1,100 million principal amount of notes due January 2035 
 The issuances in 2024 are collectively referred to as the 2024 USD Notes . The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 USD Notes, after deducting the original issue discount, underwriting discount and offering expenses, were 3.96 billion. 
 Our total debt outstanding was 18.4 billion and 15.7 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with the earliest maturity of 750 million of principal occurring in March 2025. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have a commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program ), under which we are authorized to issue up to 8 billion in outstanding notes, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. In conjunction with the Commercial Paper Program, we have a committed unsecured 8 billion revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility that expires in November 2028. 
 Borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program and the Credit Facility are to be used to provide liquidity for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by our customers. In addition, we may borrow and repay amounts under these facilities for business continuity purposes. We had no borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program or the Credit Facility at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 See Note 10 (Debt) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 for further discussion on our debt and Note 15 (Debt) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion on our debt, the Commercial Paper Program and the Credit Facility. 
 Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 We have historically paid quarterly dividends on our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Subject to legally available funds, we intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. 
 Aggregate payments for quarterly dividends totaled 1,842 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On December 5, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.66 per share paid on February 9, 2024 to holders of record on January 9, 2024 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The aggregate amount of this dividend was 616 million. 
 On February 6, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.66 per share paid on May 9, 2024 to holders of record on April 9, 2024 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The aggregate amount of this dividend was 615 million. 
 On June 18, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.66 per share paid on August 9, 2024 to holders of record on July 9, 2024 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The aggregate amount of this dividend was 611 million. 
 On September 16, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.66 per share payable on November 8, 2024 to holders of record on October 9, 2024 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The aggregate amount of this dividend is 606 million. 
 
 42 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART I 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Repurchased shares of our common stock are considered treasury stock. In December 2023 and 2022, our Board of Directors approved share repurchase programs of our Class A common stock authorizing us to repurchase up to 11.0 billion and 9.0 billion, respectively. The program approved in 2023 became effective in May 2024 after the completion of the share repurchase program approved in 2022. The timing and actual number of additional shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including cash requirements to meet the operating needs of the business, legal requirements, as well as the share price and economic and market conditions. The following table summarizes our share repurchase authorizations and repurchase activity of our Class A common stock through September 30, 2024: 
 (in millions, except average price data) Remaining authorization at December 31, 2023 14,142 Dollar-value of shares repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 1 
 7,565 Remaining authorization at September 30, 2024 6,578 Shares repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 16.5 Average price paid per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 458.36 
 Note: Table may not sum due to rounding. 
 1 The dollar-value of shares repurchased does not include a 1 excise tax. The incremental tax is recorded in treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the potential impact of these pronouncements refer to Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 Market risk is the potential for economic losses to be incurred on market risk sensitive instruments arising from adverse changes in factors such as foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Our exposure to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates is limited. Management monitors risk exposures on an ongoing basis and establishes and oversees the implementation of policies governing our funding, investments and use of derivative financial instruments to manage these risks. 
 Foreign currency and interest rate exposures are managed through our risk management activities, which are discussed further in Note 17 (Derivative and Hedging Instruments) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to manage currency exposure associated with anticipated receipts and disbursements occurring in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. We may also enter into foreign currency derivative contracts to offset possible changes in value of assets and liabilities due to foreign exchange fluctuations. The objective of these activities is to reduce our exposure to gains and losses resulting from fluctuations of foreign currencies against our functional currencies, principally the U.S. dollar and euro. The effect of a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of the functional currencies could result in a fair value loss of approximately 529 million and 414 million on our foreign exchange derivative contracts outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity. 
 We are also subject to foreign exchange risk as part of our daily settlement activities. To manage this risk, we enter into short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts based upon anticipated receipts and disbursements for the respective currency position. This risk is typically limited to a few days between when a payment transaction takes place and the subsequent settlement with our customers. A hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of the functional currencies would not have a material impact to the fair value of our short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 We are further exposed to foreign exchange rate risk related to translation of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries where the functional currency is different than our U.S. dollar reporting currency. To manage this risk, we may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries. The effect of a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar could result in a fair value loss of approximately 297 million on our foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as a net investment hedge at September 30, 2024, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity. As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any foreign exchange derivative contracts designated as a net investment hedge. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 43 

PART I 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our available-for-sale debt investments include fixed and variable rate securities that are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. Our policy is to invest in high quality securities, while providing adequate liquidity and maintaining diversification to avoid significant exposure. A hypothetical 100 basis point adverse change in interest rates would not have a material impact to the fair value of our investments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 We are also exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate debt. To manage this risk, we may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our fixed-rate debt that is exposed to changes in fair value attributable to changes in a benchmark interest rate. The effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point adverse change in interest rates could result in a fair value loss of approximately 23 million and 29 million on the fair value of our interest rate derivative contracts designated as a fair value hedge of our fixed-rate debt at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, before considering the offsetting effect of the underlying hedged activity. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are designed to ensure that information that is required to be disclosed in the reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. The President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in Mastercard s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Mastercard's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 44 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART II Item 1. Legal proceedings 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 Item 2. Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds 
 Item 5. Other information 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Signatures 

PART II 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 Item 1. Legal proceedings 
 Refer to Note 15 (Legal and Regulatory Proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 For a discussion of our risk factors, see Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we repurchased 6.3 million shares for 2.9 billion at an average price of 463.90 per share of Class A common stock. The following table presents our repurchase activity on a cash basis during the third quarter of 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (including commission cost) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Dollar Value of 
 Shares that may yet 
 be Purchased under 
 the Plans or 
 Programs 1 
 July 1 - 31 2,135,827 441.76 2,135,827 8,568,255,125 August 1 - 31 2,206,410 463.00 2,206,410 7,546,683,282 September 1 - 30 1,982,409 488.76 1,982,409 6,577,765,564 Total 6,324,646 463.90 6,324,646 
 1 Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the repurchase programs is as of the end of the period. In December 2023 and 2022, our Board of Directors approved share repurchase programs of our Class A common stock authorizing us to repurchase up to 11.0 billion and 9.0 billion, respectively. 
 
 Item 5. Other information 
 Rule 10b5-1 and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 or trading arrangements for the sale of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Other Information 
 Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, we hereby incorporate by reference herein the disclosure contained in Exhibit 99.1 of this Report. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Refer to the Exhibit Index included herein. 
 
 46 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

PART II 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit index 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 4.1 
 Officer s Certificate of the Company, dated as of September 5, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2024 (File No. 001-32877)). 
 4.2 
 Form of Global Note representing the Company s 4. 100 Notes due 20 28 (included in Officer s Certificate of the Company, dated as of S eptember 5 , 2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on S eptember 5 , 2024 (File No. 001-32877)). 
 4.3 
 Form of Global Note representing the Company s 4. 350 Notes due 203 2 (included in Officer s Certificate of the Company, dated as of S eptember 5 , 2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on S eptember 5 , 2024 (File No. 001-32877)). 
 4. 4 
 Form of Global Note representing the Company s 4. 550 Notes due 203 5 (included in Officer s Certificate of the Company, dated as of S eptember 5 , 2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on S eptember 5 , 2024 (File No. 001-32877)). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Michael Miebach, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Sachin Mehra, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Michael Miebach, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Sachin Mehra, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and should not be relied upon for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by the Company in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 47 

SIGNATURES 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MASTERCARD INCORPORATED (Registrant) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /S/ MICHAEL MIEBACH 
 Michael Miebach President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /S/ SACHIN MEHRA Sachin Mehra Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /S/ SANDRA ARKELL 
 Sandra Arkell Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 48 MASTERCARD SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 FORM 10-Q 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exb311-09302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Miebach, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mastercard Incorporated for the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s Michael Miebach Michael Miebach President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exb312-09302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sachin Mehra, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mastercard Incorporated for the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s Sachin Mehra Sachin Mehra Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exb321-09302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Mastercard Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Miebach, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 October 31, 2024 s Michael Miebach Michael Miebach President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exb322-09302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Mastercard Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sachin Mehra, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 October 31, 2024 s Sachin Mehra Sachin Mehra Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 exb991-09302024.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 
 Mastercard Incorporated Mastercard has established a risk-based compliance program designed to prevent us from having business dealings with Iran, as well as other prohibited countries, regions, individuals or entities. This includes obligating issuers and acquirers to screen account holders and merchants, respectively, against the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control s OFAC sanctions lists, including the List of Specially Designated Nationals SDN list ). 
 We identified through our compliance program that for the period covered by this Report, an acquirer located in the Europe region acquired transactions over our network for an Iranian airline. 
 OFAC regulations and other legal authorities provide exemptions for certain activities involving dealings with Iran. However, Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 requires us to disclose whether we, or any of our affiliates, have knowingly engaged in certain transactions or dealings involving the Government of Iran or with certain persons or entities found on the SDN list, regardless of whether these dealings constitute a violation of OFAC regulations. 
 We do not calculate net revenues or net profits associated with specific merchants (our customers customers). However, we used our fee schedule and the aggregate number and amount of transactions involving the above merchants to estimate the net revenue and net profit we obtained with respect to the period covered by this Report. Both the number of transactions and our estimated net revenue and net profits for this period are de minimis. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ma-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ma-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ma-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ma-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ma-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

