<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_802481_0000802481-24-000094.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14606653</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129219</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3135527</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5692362</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2758071</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2568888</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000802481-24-000094.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030192346
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000802481-24-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PILGRIMS PRIDE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000802481
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				751285071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09273
		FILM NUMBER:		241411909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1770 PROMONTORY CIRCLE
		CITY:			GREELEY
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80634
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9705068000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1770 PROMONTORY CIRCLE
		CITY:			GREELEY
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80634

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000802481-24-000094.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 ppc-20240929.htm
 10-Q

ppc-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: Not Applicable 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, as of October 30, 2024, was . 

INDEX 
 PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 52 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 52 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 52 
 SIGNATURES 
 53 

1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Investment in available-for-sale securities Trade accounts and other receivables, less allowance for credit losses Accounts receivable from related parties Inventories Income taxes receivable Assets held for sale Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Deferred tax assets Other long-lived assets Operating lease assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Property, plant and equipment, net Total assets Accounts payable Accounts payable to related parties Revenue contract liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income taxes payable Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities, less current maturities Long-term debt, less current maturities Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Common stock Treasury stock ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Pilgrim s Pride Corporation stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 2 

PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Restructuring activities Operating income Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Interest income ) ) ) ) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains) ) ) Miscellaneous, net ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Pilgrim s Pride Corporation Weighted average shares of Pilgrim s Pride Corporation common stock outstanding: 
 Basic Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents Diluted Net income attributable to Pilgrim s Pride Corporation per share of common stock outstanding: 
 Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment: Gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges: Gains (losses) arising during the period ) Reclassification to net earnings for losses (gains) realized ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities: Gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) Income tax effect ) Reclassification to net earnings for losses (gains) realized ) Income tax effect ) ) ) Defined benefit plans: Gains (losses) arising during the period ) Income tax effect ) ) ) ) Reclassification to net earnings of losses realized Income tax effect ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Pilgrim s Pride Corporation 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation plans: Common stock issued under compensation plans ) Requisite service period recognition Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation plans: Common stock issued under compensation plans ) Requisite service period recognition Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 5 

Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands) Balance at December 25, 2022 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation plans: Common stock issued under compensation plans ) Requisite service period recognition Balance at September 24, 2023 ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands) Balance at June 25, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation plans: Requisite service period recognition Balance at September 24, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 6 

PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Asset impairment Gain on early extinguishment of debt recognized as a component of interest expense ) Stock-based compensation Loan cost amortization Accretion of discount related to Senior Notes Loss (gain) on property disposals ) Loss (gain) on equity-method investments ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts and other receivables ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income taxes Long-term pension and other postretirement obligations ) Other operating assets and liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from property disposals Proceeds from insurance recoveries Cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on revolving line of credit, long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from revolving line of credit and long-term borrowings Proceeds from contribution (payment of distribution) of capital under Tax Sharing Agreement between JBS USA Holdings and Pilgrim s Pride Corporation ) Payments on early extinguishment of debt ) Payments of capitalized loan costs ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 countries. Our fresh products consist of refrigerated whole or cut-up chicken, selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated, primary pork cuts, added value pork, and pork ribs. The Company s prepared products include fully cooked, ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts, strips, nuggets and patties, processed sausages, bacon, smoked meat, gammon joints, pre-packed meats, sandwich and deli counter meats and meatballs. The Company s other products include plant-based protein offerings, ready-to-eat meals, multi-protein frozen foods, vegetarian foods and desserts. The Company also provides direct-to-consumer meals and hot food to-go solutions in the U.K. and the Republic of Ireland. We operate feed mills, hatcheries, processing plants and distribution centers in the U.S., the U.K., Mexico, France, Puerto Rico, the Netherlands and the Republic of Ireland. As of September 29, 2024, Pilgrim s had approximately employees and had the capacity to process approximately million birds per 5-day work week. Approximately contract growers supply chicken for the Company s operations. As of September 29, 2024, PPC had the capacity to process approximately pigs per 5-day work week and contract growers supply pigs for the Company s U.K. operations. As of September 29, 2024, JBS S.A., through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, JBS ), beneficially owned of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents shown in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Industrial Revenue Bond Transaction 
 On August 22, 2024, the Company closed an industrial revenue bond transaction with the Douglas-Coffee County Industrial Authority d/b/a Douglas-Coffee County Development Authority (the County in order to receive a five-year real property tax abatement on the Company s newly constructed Douglas, Georgia protein conversion facility. Pursuant to this transaction, the County issued an industrial revenue bond for million principal amount to the Company and then used the proceeds of the bond issuance to purchase the land and facility from the Company. The County then leased the facility back to the Company under a finance lease, the terms of which provide for the payment of rent in an amount equal to that of bond service costs. The related land and building are recorded as assets in Property, plant, and equipment, net on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has the legal right to set-off and intends to set-off the corresponding lease and bond service payments, therefore the Company has netted the finance lease obligation with the bond asset. As such, no amount for our obligation under the finance lease or the corresponding industrial revenue bond asset are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 Disaggregated Revenue 
 Europe Mexico Total net sales 
 Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Fresh Prepared Export Other Total U.S. Europe Mexico Total net sales 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Europe Mexico Total net sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Fresh Prepared Export Other Total U.S. Europe Mexico Total net sales 
 
 Additional disaggregation of revenue by sales channel is provided below: 
 Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Retail Foodservice Export Other Total U.S. Europe Mexico (a) 
 Total net sales Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Retail Foodservice Export Other Total U.S. Europe Mexico (a) 
 Total net sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Retail Foodservice Export Other Total U.S. Europe Mexico (a) 
 Total net sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 24 2023 (In thousands) Retail Foodservice Export Other Total U.S. Europe Mexico (a) 
 Total net sales 
 (a) Included in Mexico foodservice channel are sales to wholesale public meat markets that typically sell product on to foodservice customers. Included in Mexico other channel are sales to live chicken markets. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

to days of delivery. Revenue contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of satisfying the performance under the customer contract. The revenue contract liabilities relate to customer prepayments and the advanced consideration, such as cash, received from governmental agency contracts for which performance obligations to the end customer have not been satisfied. 
 Revenue recognized ) Cash received, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Balance as of September 29, 2024 

3. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Commodity derivative liabilities ) ) Foreign currency derivative assets Foreign currency derivative liabilities ) ) Sales contract derivative assets Cash collateral posted with brokers (a) 
 Derivatives coverage (b) : 
 Corn Soybean meal Period through which stated percent of needs are covered: Corn December 2025 July 2024 Soybean meal December 2025 March 2024 
 (a) Collateral posted with brokers consists primarily of cash, short-term treasury bills or other cash equivalents. 
 (b) Derivatives coverage is the percent of anticipated commodity needs covered by outstanding derivative instruments through a specified date. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

) ) Foreign currency transaction losses Commodity derivative gain (loss) ) ) Cost of sales Sales contract derivative gain (loss) ) ) Net sales Total ) ) 
 (a) Amounts represent income (expenses) related to results of operations. 
 ) 
 Impact from cash flow hedging instruments: Foreign currency derivatives ) 
 (a) Amounts represent income (expenses) related to net sales. 
 (b) Amounts represent expenses (income) related to cost of sales. 
 
 Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Net sales (a) 
 Cost of sales (b) 
 Net sales (a) 
 Cost of sales (b) 
 (In thousands) Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded Impact from cash flow hedging instruments: Foreign currency derivatives ) 
 (a) Amounts represent income (expenses) related to net sales. 
 (b) Amounts represent expenses (income) related to cost of sales. 
 million pre-tax deferred net loss on foreign currency derivatives recorded in AOCI that is expected to be reclassified to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income during the next twelve months. This expectation is based on the anticipated settlements on the hedged investments in foreign currencies that will occur over the next twelve months, at which time the Company will recognize the deferred loss to earnings. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 Notes receivable from third parties Other receivables Receivables, gross Allowance for credit losses ) ) Receivables, net Accounts receivable from related parties (a) 
 
 (a) Additional information regarding accounts receivable from related parties is included in Note 17. Related Party Transactions. 
 Activity in the allowance for credit losses was as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Balance, beginning of period ) Provision released to operating results Account write-offs and recoveries Effect of exchange rate Balance, end of period ) 
 In June 2023, the Company and JBS USA Food Company JBS USA jointly entered into a receivables purchase agreement with a bank for an uncommitted facility with a maximum capacity of million and no recourse to the Company or JBS USA. Under the facility, the Company may sell eligible trade receivables in exchange for cash. Transfers under the agreement are recorded as a sale under ASC 860, Broad Transactions Transfers and Servicing . At the transfer date, the Company receives cash equal to the face value of the receivables sold less a fee based on the current Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus an applicable margin applied over the customer payment term. The fees are immaterial. 
 
 5. 
 Finished products Operating supplies Maintenance materials and parts Total inventories 
 
 6. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Short-term investments: Fixed income securities 
 Interest income and gross realized gains during the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 related to the Company s available-for-sale securities were million and million, while interest income and gross realized gains during the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023 were million and million. Proceeds received from the sale or maturity of available-for-sale securities investments are historically disclosed in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Net unrealized holding gains and losses on the Company s available-for-sale securities recognized during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 that have been included in AOCI and the net amount of gains and losses reclassified out of AOCI to earnings during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 are disclosed in Note 13. Stockholders Equity. 
 
 7. 
 Europe Mexico ) Total 
 Trade names subject to amortization Customer relationships Accumulated amortization: Trade names ) ) ) ) Customer relationships ) ) ) ) Intangible assets, net ) 
 - years 
 Trade names subject to amortization - years 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company effectively completed a reorganization within its Europe reportable segment. The previous reporting units were Moy Park, Pilgrim's UK, and Pilgrim's Food Masters. The new reporting units are Fresh Pork/Lamb, Fresh Poultry, Food Service, Meals, and Brands Snacking. As a result of this reorganization, the Company reassigned assets and liabilities to the applicable reporting units and allocated goodwill using the relative net assets approach. The Company then performed an interim impairment test on the reporting units on both a pre- and post-reorganization basis. There was no impairment recognized as a result of these tests. The Company additionally assessed if the Pilgrim s Europe reorganization indicated that any carrying amounts of its non-goodwill intangible assets might not be recoverable. The reorganization did not result in any change in business use for any of the intangible assets and therefore, the Company determined no indicators were present that required us to test the recoverability of the asset group-level carrying amounts of its Europe intangible assets at that date. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Autos and trucks Finance lease assets Construction-in-progress PP E, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) PP E, net 
 The Company recognized depreciation expense of million and million during the three months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized depreciation expense of million and million during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Company incurred million on capital projects and transferred million of completed projects from construction-in-progress to depreciable assets. During the nine months ended September 24, 2023, the Company spent million on capital projects and transferred million of completed projects from construction-in-progress to depreciable assets. Capital expenditures in accounts payable and accrued expenses for the periods ended September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Company sold a feed mill in the U.S. and breeder farm equipment in Mexico for proceeds of million and million, respectively, and recognized a net gain of million and a net loss of million, respectively, on these sales. During the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023, the Company sold certain PP E for million and million, respectively, in cash and recognized a net loss of million and a net gain of million, respectively, on these sales. 
 During the nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Company reclassified million of certain building and land assets from PP E to assets held for sale. The assets reclassified to assets held for sale are in connection with our ongoing restructuring activities of our Europe reportable segment. We measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less anticipated costs to sell. 
 The Company has closed or idled various other facilities in the U.S. and in the U.K. The Board of Directors has not determined if it would be in the best interest of the Company to divest any of these idled assets. Management is therefore not certain that it can or will divest any of these assets within one year, is not actively marketing these assets and, accordingly, has not classified them as assets held for sale. The Company continues to depreciate these assets. As of September 29, 2024, the carrying amounts of these idled assets totaled million based on depreciable value of million and accumulated depreciation of million. Idled asset values include those assets that are no longer in use as a result of the recent restructuring activities of our Europe reportable segment. During the nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized an additional impairment loss on PP E of million incurred as a result of those restructuring activities. Additional information regarding restructuring activities is included in Note 16. Restructuring-Related Activities. 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Company assessed if events or changes in circumstances indicated that the asset group-level carrying amounts of its PP E held for use might not be recoverable. There were no indicators present that required the Company to test the recoverability of the asset group-level carrying amounts of its PP E held for use at that date. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

9. 
 Book overdrafts Other payables Total accounts payable Accounts payable to related parties (a) 
 Revenue contract liabilities (b) 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: Compensation and benefits Litigation settlements (c) 
 Accrued sales rebates Insurance and self-insured claims Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Interest and debt-related fees Taxes Derivative liabilities (d) 
 Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total 
 (a) Additional information regarding accounts payable to related parties is included in Note 17. Related Party Transactions. 
 (b) Additional information regarding revenue contract liabilities is included in Note 2. Revenue Recognition. 
 (c) Additional information regarding litigation settlements is included in Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies. 
 (d) Additional information regarding derivative liabilities is included in Note 3. Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 10. 
 - days and we pay either the supplier or the financing entity depending on the supplier s election. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of confirmed invoices was million and million, respectively, and are included in Accounts payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

11. 
 million, a effective tax rate, for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 compared to an income tax expense of million, a effective tax rate, for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The increased income tax expense in 2024 resulted primarily from the increase of profit before income taxes. 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carry back and carry forward periods), projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. As of September 29, 2024, the Company did not believe it had sufficient positive evidence to conclude that a portion of its foreign net deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. 
 For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, there is a tax effect of ) million and ) million, respectively, reflected in other comprehensive income. 
 For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, there are immaterial tax effects reflected in income tax expense due to excess tax windfalls and shortfalls related to stock-based compensation. 
 The Company operates in the U.S. (including multiple state jurisdictions), Puerto Rico and several foreign locations including Mexico, the U.K., the Republic of Ireland, and continental Europe. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to examinations by taxing authorities for years prior to 2019 in U.S. federal, state and local jurisdictions, for years prior to 2010 in Mexico, and for years prior to 2017 in the U.K. 
 
 12. 
 
 2034 Senior notes payable, net of discount, at 
 2033 Senior notes payable at 
 2032 Senior notes payable, net of discount, at 
 2031 U.S. Credit Facility (defined below) at SOFR plus 
 2028 Europe Credit Facility (defined below) with notes payable at SONIA plus 
 2027 Mexico Credit Facility (defined below) with notes payable at TIIE plus 
 2026 Finance lease obligations Various Long-term debt Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, less current maturities Less: Capitalized financing costs ) ) Long-term debt, less current maturities, net of capitalized financing costs 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

million of the Company s outstanding senior notes. Under the program, the Company has repurchased million of outstanding principal of the Senior Notes due 2031 and million of outstanding principal of the Senior Notes due 2033, resulting in gross realized gains of million, including immaterial realized gains recognized in the three months ended September 29, 2024. The gross realized gains on early extinguishment of debt are recognized as a reduction in interest expense. The original discount and capitalized financing costs of million and million associated with the amounts repurchased, respectively, are partially offsetting the gross gains on early extinguishment of debt, along with a nominal amount of transaction fees. 
 U.S. Credit Facility 
 On October 4, 2023, the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries entered into a Revolving Syndicated Facility Agreement (the U.S. Credit Facility with CoBank, ACB as administrative agent and the other lenders party thereto. The U.S. Credit Facility provides for a revolving loan commitment of up to million. The loan commitment matures on October 4, 2028. The U.S. Credit Facility is unsecured and will be used for general corporate purposes. Outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to either the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or the prime rate plus applicable margins based on the Company s credit ratings. As of September 29, 2024, the Company had outstanding letters of credit and available borrowings under the revolving credit commitment of million and million, respectively, and there were outstanding borrowings under this agreement. 
 The U.S. Credit Facility requires customary financial and other covenants for transactions of this type, including limitations on 1) liens, 2) indebtedness, 3) sales and other dispositions of assets, 4) dividends, distributions, and other payments in respect of equity interest, 5) investments, and 6) voluntary prepayments, redemptions or repurchases of junior debt. In each case, clauses 1 to 6 are subject to certain exceptions which can be material and certain of such clauses only apply to the Company upon the occurrence of certain triggering events. The Company is currently in compliance with the covenants under the U.S. Credit Facility. 
 Europe Credit Facility 
 On June 24, 2022, Moy Park Holdings (Europe) Ltd. MPH(E) and other Pilgrim s entities located in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland entered into an unsecured multicurrency revolving facility agreement (the Europe Credit Facility with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as agent, and the other lenders party thereto. The Europe Credit Facility provides for a multicurrency revolving loan commitment of up to million. The loan commitment matures on June 24, 2027. Outstanding borrowings bear interest at the current Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA interest rate plus . All obligations under this agreement are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. As of September 29, 2024, both the U.S. dollar-equivalent loan commitment and borrowing availability were million and there were outstanding borrowings under this agreement. 
 The Europe Credit Facility contains representations and warranties, covenants, indemnities and conditions, in each case, that the Company believes are customary for transactions of this type. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to meet certain financial and other restrictive covenants. Additionally, the Company is prohibited from taking certain actions without consent of the lenders, including, without limitation, incurring additional indebtedness, entering into certain mergers or other business combination transactions, permitting liens or other encumbrances on its assets and making restricted payments, including dividends, in each case, except as expressly permitted under the Europe Credit Facility. The Company is currently in compliance with the covenants under the Europe Credit Facility. 
 Mexico Credit Facility 
 On August 15, 2023, certain of the Company s Mexican subsidiaries entered into an unsecured credit agreement (the Mexico Credit Facility with BBVA M xico as lender. The loan commitment under the Mexico Credit Facility is Mex billion and can be borrowed on a revolving basis. Outstanding borrowings under the Mexico Credit Facility accrue interest at a rate equal to The Interbank Equilibrium Interest TIIE rate plus . The Mexico Credit Facility contains covenants and defaults that the Company believes are customary for transactions of this type. The Mexico Credit Facility will be used for general corporate and working capital purposes. The Mexico Credit Facility will mature on August 15, 2026. As of September 29, 2024, the U.S. dollar-equivalent of the loan commitment and borrowing availability was million. As of September 29, 2024, there were outstanding borrowings under the Mexico Credit Facility. The Company is currently in compliance with the covenants under the Mexico Credit Facility. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

13.) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (gain) to net income ) ) Currency translation ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Losses Related to Foreign Currency Translation Losses on Derivative Financial Instruments Classified as Cash Flow Hedges Losses Related to Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Losses on Available-for-Sale Securities Total (In thousands) Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (gain) to net income ) Currency translation ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Net sales Realized gains (losses) on settlement of foreign currency derivatives classified as cash flow hedges ) Cost of sales Realized gains (losses) on sale of securities ) Interest income Realized loss on settlement of pension obligation from plan termination (b) 
 ) Miscellaneous, net Amortization of pension and other postretirement plan actuarial losses (b) 
 ) ) Miscellaneous, net Total before tax ) ) Tax benefit Total reclassification for the period ) ) 
 (a) Positive amounts represent income to the results of operations while amounts in parentheses represent expenses to the results of operations. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Preferred Stock 
 The Company has authorized shares of par value preferred stock, although shares have been issued and shares are outstanding. 
 Restrictions on Dividends 
 The U.S. Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Company s senior notes have currently no restrictions on dividends. Under certain triggering events, the U.S. Credit Facility may limit the Company s ability to declare and pay dividends. Additionally, the Europe Credit Facility may restrict MPH(E) and other Pilgrim s entities located in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland to, among other things, make payments and distributions to the Company. 
 
 14. 
 million and million in the three months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Plans Obligations and Assets 
 During 2024, the Company executed a termination of its Union and GK Plans. Under the plan terminations, participants were offered a lump sum buyout or an annuity placement buyout. As a result, the Company settled the first portion of million of outstanding benefit obligations and recognized a million loss on settlement during the period ended September 29, 2024. The loss was recognized in Miscellaneous, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. Assets of the pension plans were used to settle the obligations. The remaining outstanding pension obligations under the Union and GK Plans are expected to be settled during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments and settlements ) Currency translation loss Projected benefit obligation, end of period 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Actual return on plan assets Contributions by employer Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments and settlements ) Expenses paid from assets ) ) Currency translation gain Fair value of plan assets, end of period 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Pension Benefits Other Benefits Pension Benefits Other Benefits (In thousands) Funded status Overfunded (underfunded) benefit obligation, end of period ) ) ) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Pension Benefits Other Benefits Pension Benefits Other Benefits (In thousands) Amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at end of period Noncurrent asset Current liability ) ) ) ) Long-term liability ) ) ) Net financial position ) ) ) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Pension Benefits Other Benefits Pension Benefits Other Benefits (In thousands) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company s defined benefit pension plans was million and million at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Estimated return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Settlement loss Expenses paid from assets Amortization of net loss Amortization of past service cost Net costs (a) 

Economic Assumptions 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Pension Benefits Other Benefits Pension Benefits Other Benefits Assumptions used to measure net pension and other postretirement cost Discount rate Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A 
 Unrecognized Benefit Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 ) ) Amortization ) ) Realized loss on settlement ) Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Asset loss (gain) ) Currency translation loss (gain) ) Net actuarial loss (gain), end of period ) ) 
 Remeasurement 
 The Company remeasures both plan assets and obligations on a quarterly basis. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

defined contribution retirement savings plans in the U.S. reportable segment for eligible U.S. and Puerto Rico employees. The Company maintains postretirement plans for eligible employees in the Mexico reportable segment, as required by Mexico law, which primarily cover termination benefits. The Company maintains defined contribution retirement savings plans in the Europe reportable segment for eligible U.K. and Europe employees, as required by U.K. and Europe law. The Company s expenses related to its defined contribution plans totaled million and million in the three months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively . 
 
 15. 
 Commodity derivative assets Foreign currency derivative assets Sales contract derivative assets Liabilities: Commodity derivative liabilities ) ) ) ) Foreign currency derivative liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 See Note 3. Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information. 
 The valuation of financial assets and liabilities classified in Level 1 is based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. The valuation of financial assets and liabilities in Level 2 is determined using a market approach based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or other inputs that are observable for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. The valuation of financial assets in Level 3 is determined using an income approach based on unobservable inputs such as discounted cash flow models or valuations. For each class of assets and liabilities not measured at fair value in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets but for which fair value is disclosed, the Company is not required to provide the quantitative disclosure about significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 In addition to the fair value disclosure requirements related to financial instruments carried at fair value, accounting standards require interim disclosures regarding the fair value of all of the Company s financial instruments. The methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments and any changes in methods or significant assumptions from prior periods are also required to be disclosed. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

, at Level 2 inputs 
 ) ) ) ) Fixed-rate senior notes payable at , at Level 2 inputs 
 ) ) ) ) Fixed-rate senior notes payable at , at Level 2 inputs 
 ) ) ) ) Fixed-rate senior notes payable at , at Level 2 inputs 
 ) ) ) ) 
 See Note 12. Debt for additional information. 
 The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and certain other liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively short maturities. Derivative assets were recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in the line item Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Derivative liabilities were recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in the line item Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the Company s Level 2 fixed-rate debt obligations was based on the quoted market price at September 29, 2024 or December 31, 2023, as applicable. 
 In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company records certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally, assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges when required by U.S. GAAP. There were no significant fair value measurement losses recognized for such assets and liabilities in the periods reported. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 Asset impairment costs Contract termination costs Other exit and disposal costs (a) 
 
 Costs incurred since earliest implementation date: Employee-related costs Asset impairment costs Contract termination costs Other exit and disposal costs (a) 
 Total exit and disposal costs 
 (a) Comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring initiatives including Moy Park flock depletion, the write-off of Pilgrim s Pride Ltd. prepaid maintenance costs and Pilgrim s Food Masters consulting fees. 
 (b) All costs, except for asset impairment costs, are estimated to result in cash outlays. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Pilgrim s Pride Ltd. 2022 Pilgrim s Pride Ltd. 2024 Pilgrim s Food Masters 2022 Pilgrim s Food Masters 2023 Pilgrim s Food Masters 2024 Pilgrim s Europe Central Total 
 These expenses are reported in the line item Restructuring activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 ) Contract termination ) Total ) Pilgrim s Pride Ltd. 2022 Liability or reserve as of December 31, 2023 Restructuring charges incurred Cash payments and disposals Currency translation Liability or reserve as of September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Employee retention benefits ) ) Severance ) Asset impairment ) Inventory adjustments ) ) Lease termination ) Other charges ) ) Total ) 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

) 
 Pilgrim s Food Masters 2022 Liability or reserve as of December 31, 2023 Restructuring charges incurred Cash payments and disposals Currency translation Liability or reserve as of September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Severance ) ) Inventory adjustments ) ) Lease termination ) ) Other charges ) Total ) 
 Pilgrim s Food Masters 2023 Liability or reserve as of December 31, 2023 Restructuring charges incurred Cash payments and disposals Currency translation Liability or reserve as of September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Employee retention benefits ) ) Severance ) ) Total ) ) 
 Pilgrim s Food Masters 2024 Liability or reserve as of December 31, 2023 Restructuring charges incurred Cash payments and disposals Currency translation Liability or reserve as of September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Employee retention benefits ) Severance ) Asset impairment ) Inventory adjustments ) Lease termination ) Other charges ) Total ) 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

) Severance ) ) Asset impairment ) Lease termination ) Other charges ) ) Contract termination ) Total ) 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

17. 
 JBS Chile Ltd. Other related parties Total 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Cost of goods purchased from related parties JBS USA Food Company (a) 
 Seara Meat B.V. Penasul UK LTD Other related parties Total 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Expenditures paid by related parties JBS USA Food Company (b) 
 Other related parties Total 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands) Expenditures paid on behalf of related parties JBS USA Food Company (b) 
 Other related parties Total 
 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Accounts receivable from related parties JBS USA Food Company (a) 
 JBS Chile Ltda. Other related parties Total 

31 

Table of Contents 

Seara Meats B.V. JBS Asia Co Limited Other related parties Total 
 (a) The Company routinely executes transactions to both purchase products from JBS USA Food Company JBS USA and sell products to them. As of September 29, 2024, goods purchased and in transit from JBS USA were immaterial and not reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (b) The Company has an agreement with JBS USA to allocate costs associated with JBS USA s procurement of SAP licenses and maintenance services for both companies. Under this agreement, the fees associated with procuring SAP licenses and maintenance services are allocated between the Company and JBS USA in proportion to the percentage of licenses used by each company. The agreement expires on the date of expiration, or earlier termination, of the underlying SAP license agreement. The Company also has an agreement with JBS USA to allocate the costs of supporting the business operations by one consolidated corporate team, which have historically been supported by their respective corporate teams. Expenditures paid by JBS USA on behalf of the Company will be reimbursed by the Company and expenditures paid by the Company on behalf of JBS USA will be reimbursed by JBS USA. This agreement expires on December 31, 2025. 
 
 18. 
 reportable segments: U.S., Europe (formerly known as U.K. and Europe ), and Mexico. The Company measures segment profit as operating income. Corporate expenses are allocated to the Mexico and Europe reportable segments based upon various apportionment methods for specific expenditures incurred related thereto with the remaining amounts allocated to the U.S. reportable segment. 
 We conduct separate operations in the continental U.S. and in Puerto Rico. For segment reporting purposes, the Puerto Rico operations are included in the U.S. reportable segment. The chicken products processed by the U.S. reportable segment are sold to foodservice, retail and frozen entr e customers. The segment s primary distribution is through retailers, foodservice distributors and restaurants. 
 The Europe reportable segment processes primarily fresh chicken, pork products, specialty meats, ready meals and other prepared foods that are sold to foodservice, retail and direct to consumer customers. The segment s primary distribution is through retailers, foodservice distributors and restaurants. 
 The chicken products processed by the Mexico reportable segment are sold to foodservice, retail and frozen entr e customers. The segment s primary distribution is through retailers, foodservice distributors and restaurants. 
 Europe Mexico Total 
 (a) In addition to the above third party sales, for the three months ended September 29, 2024, the U.S. reportable segment had intercompany sales to the Mexico reportable segment of million. These sales consisted of fresh products, prepared products and grain. 
 (b) In addition to the above third party sales, for the three months ended September 24, 2023, the U.S. reportable segment had intercompany sales to the Mexico reportable segment of million. These sales consisted of fresh products, prepared products and grain. 
 (c) In addition to the above third party sales, for the nine months ended September 29, 2024, the U.S. reportable segment had intercompany sales to the Mexico reportable segment of million. These sales consisted of fresh products, prepared products and grain. 
 (d) In addition to the above third party sales, for the nine months ended September 24, 2023, the U.S. reportable segment had intercompany sales to the Mexico reportable segment of million. These sales consisted of fresh products, prepared products and grain. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Europe Mexico Eliminations ) Total operating income Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Interest income ) ) ) ) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains) ) ) Miscellaneous, net ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Total assets U.S. Europe Mexico Eliminations ) ) Total assets 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Long-lived assets (a) 
 U.S. Europe Mexico Eliminations ) ) Total long-lived assets 
 (a) For this disclosure, we exclude financial instruments, deferred tax assets and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 280-10-50-41, Segment Reporting . Long-lived assets, as used in ASC 280-10-50-41, implies hard assets that cannot be readily removed. 
 
 19. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

million for tax year 2009. The opinion for tax year 2010 is still under appeal. Accordingly, the Company has an accrual of million as of September 29, 2024 with regard to the tax year 2010. 
 On May 12, 2022, the SAT issued tax assessments against Pilgrim s Pride, S. de R.L. de C.V. and Provemex Holdings, LLC in connection with PPC s acquisition of Tyson de M xico. Following the acquisition, PPC re-domiciled Provemex Holdings, LLC from the U.S. to Mexico. The tax authorities claim that Provemex Holdings, LLC was a Mexican entity at the time of the acquisition and, as a result, was obligated to pay taxes on the sale. The Mexican subsidiaries of PPC filed a petition to nullify these assessments, which is still pending. Amounts under appeal are approximately million for each of the tax assessments. provision has been recorded for these amounts at this time. 
 In 2019 and 2020, the UK Revenue Customs Authority (HMRC) opened reviews of the 2017 and 2018 tax returns of Onix Investments UK Ltd in which HMRC evaluated the deductibility of certain interest related expenses incurred by Onix Investments UK Ltd (the Deductions ). The Deductions total million for tax year 2017 and million for tax year 2018. On April 12, 2024, HMRC concluded that the Deductions should be disallowed and Onix Investments UK Ltd appealed. On October 8, 2024, HMRC issued a Review Conclusion Letter affirming the prior decision to disallow the Deductions. Onix Investments UK Ltd intends to timely file a Grounds of Appeal and will continue to defend this matter. 
 U.S. Litigation 
 Between September 2, 2016 and October 13, 2016, a series of federal class action lawsuits were filed with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois Illinois Court against PPC and other defendants by and on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens alleging violations of antitrust and unfair competition laws and styled as In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation, Case No. 1:16-cv-08637 (the Broiler Antitrust Litigation ). The complaints seek, among other relief, treble damages for an alleged conspiracy among defendants to reduce output and increase prices of broiler chickens 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

certified classes for an aggregate total of million, each of which has received final approval from the Illinois Court. PPC continues to defend itself against the direct-action plaintiffs as well as parties that have opted out of the class settlements (collectively, the Broiler Opt Outs ). PPC will seek reasonable settlements with the Broiler Opt Outs where they are available. To date, we have recognized an expense of million to cover settlements with various Broiler Opt Outs. We have recognized these settlement expenses within Selling, general and administrative SG A expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Between August 30, 2019 and October 16, 2019, a series of purported class action lawsuits were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland Maryland Court against PPC and a number of other chicken producers, as well as Webber, Meng, Sahl Company and Agri Stats, styled as Jien, et al. v. Perdue Farms, Inc., et al., No.19-cv-02521. The plaintiffs are a putative class of poultry processing plant production and maintenance workers Poultry Workers Class and allege that the defendants conspired to fix and depress the compensation paid to Poultry Workers Class in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. PPC entered into an agreement to settle all claims made by the Poultry Workers Class for million and paid the plaintiffs this amount during 2021, though the agreement is still subject to final approval by the Maryland Court. We have recognized these settlement expenses within SG A expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 On January 27, 2017, a purported class action on behalf of broiler chicken farmers was brought against PPC and other chicken producers in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma alleging, among other things, a conspiracy to reduce competition for grower services and depress the price paid to growers. The complaint was consolidated with several subsequently filed consolidated amended class action complaints and styled as In re Broiler Chicken Grower Litigation , Case No. CIV-17-033. On June 24, 2024, a settlement was reached in the amount of million. This settlement was paid on October 28, 2024. We have recognized these settlement expenses within SG A expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The incremental increase in settlement amount was recognized in the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 On October 20, 2016, Patrick Hogan, acting on behalf of himself and a putative class of certain PPC stockholders, filed a class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado against PPC and its named executive officers styled as Hogan v. Pilgrim s Pride Corporation, et al. , No. 16-CV-02611. The complaint alleges, among other things, that PPC s SEC filings contained statements that were rendered materially false and misleading. PPC continues to litigate against the putative class plaintiffs. No loss related to this matter can be reasonably estimated or determined probable at this time, therefore no accrual has been recorded to date on this matter. 
 U.S. State Matters 
 From February 21, 2017 through May 4, 2021, the Attorneys General for multiple U.S. states have issued civil investigative demands CIDs ). The CIDs request, among other things, data and information related to the acquisition and processing of broiler chickens and the sale of chicken products. PPC is cooperating with the Attorneys General in these states in producing documents pursuant to the CIDs. 
 On September 1, 2020, February 22, 2021, and October 28, 2021, the Attorneys General in New Mexico State of New Mexico v. Koch Foods, et al. , D-101-CV-2020-01891), Alaska State of Alaska v. Agri Stats, Inc., et al. , 3AN-21-04632), and Washington State of Washington v. Tyson Foods Inc., et al. , 21-2-14174-5), respectively, filed complaints against PPC and others based on allegations similar to those asserted in the Broiler Antitrust Litigation. The State of Washington settlement was paid in the second quarter of 2023 for million. On June 24, 2024, PPC entered into a settlement with the Attorney General in New Mexico for million. The State of New Mexico settlement was paid in the third quarter of 2024. On July 3, 2024, PPC entered into a settlement with Attorney General in Alaska for million, and this amount was paid on July 10, 2024. These settlements were recognized in SG A expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income in their respective periods. 
 U.S. Federal Matters 
 On February 9, 2022, PPC lea rned that the DOJ opened a civil investigation into human resources antitrust matters, and on October 6, 2022, PPC learned that the DOJ opened a civil investigation into grower contracts and payment practices and on October 2, 2023, received a CID requesting information from PPC. PPC is cooperating with the DOJ in its investigations and CID. The DOJ has informed the Company that it is likely to file a civil complaint pursuant to at least one of these investigations. 
 
 35 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Overview 
 Pilgrim s Pride Corporation (referred to herein as Pilgrim s, PPC, the Company, we, us, our, or similar terms) is one of the largest chicken producers in the world, with operations in the United States U.S. ), the United Kingdom U.K. ), Mexico, France, Puerto Rico, the Netherlands and the Republic of Ireland . We reported net income attributable to Pilgrim s of 850.6 million, or 3.58 per diluted common share, and income before tax totaling 1.1 billion, for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. These operating results included net sales of 13.5 billion, gross profit of 1.8 billion and 1.6 billion of cash provided by operating activities. We generated a consolidated operating margin of 8.9 . For the nine months ended September 29, 2024, we generated EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA of 1.5 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. A reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is included below. 
 Global Economic Conditions 
 During the third quarter of 2024, global inflation levels continued to decline, but remain above historical averages, in commodity, labor and other operating costs leading to reduced costs from these inputs across all our businesses. The global energy market continues to be impacted by the Russia-Ukraine war, driving up prices as supply out of the Black Sea region is disrupted and future production is at risk. The Russia-Ukraine war's impact on the global feed ingredient market is currently less pronounced as global supply in other growing areas has developed and grain exports from the Black Sea region have remained steady throughout the first nine months of 2024, with exception of moderate impact on winter wheat crop as noted below. The U.K. and E.U. region saw a continued decrease in inflation rate and flat demand, leading to cost recovery for our business and stabilizing prices for customers, though labor costs continue to be a challenge for our Europe operations. We have and will continue to invest in our people and implement supply chain solutions to mitigate global economic impacts in our Europe operations. In Mexico, inflation remains high and the peso continued to weaken against the U.S. dollar in the third quarter of 2024. Mexico remains a relatively volatile market given overall business seasonality. 
 Russia-Ukraine War Impacts 
 The impact of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war and sanctions has not been limited to businesses that operate in Russia and Ukraine and has negatively impacted and will likely continue to negatively impact other global economic markets including where we operate. The impacts have included and may continue to include, but are not limited to, higher prices for commodities, such as food products, ingredients and energy products, increasing inflation in some countries, and disrupted trade and supply chains. The conflict has disrupted shipments of grains, vegetable oils, fertilizer and energy products. 
 The impact on the agriculture markets falls into two main categories: (1) the effect on Ukrainian crop production, as the region is key in global grain production; and (2) the duration of the disruption in trade flows. Safety and financing concerns in the region are restricting export execution, which is in turn forcing grain and oil demand to find alternative supply. The duration of the war and related volatility makes global markets extremely sensitive to growing-season weather in other global grain producing regions and has led to a large risk premium in futures prices. The continued volatility in the global markets as a result of the war could adversely impact our costs by driving up prices, raising inflation and increasing pressure on the supply of feed ingredients and energy products throughout the global markets. 
 In addition, the U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate have imposed sanctions and export controls against Russia, Belarus and interests therein and threatened additional sanctions and controls. The impact of these measures, now and in the future, could adversely affect our business, supply chain or customers. 
 Raw Materials and Pricing 
 Our U.S. and Mexico segments use corn and soybean meal as the main ingredients for feed production, while our Europe segment uses wheat, soybean meal and barley as the main ingredients for feed production. The following table reflects the highest and lowest prices reached on nearby futures for one bushel of corn, one ton of soybean meal, and one metric ton of wheat during the current and previous years: 
 
 36 

Corn (a) 
 Soybean Meal (a) 
 Wheat (a) 
 Highest Price Lowest Price Highest Price Lowest Price Highest Price Lowest Price (In whole dollars) (In whole pounds sterling) 2024 Third Quarter 4.18 3.62 387.0 303.4 196.9 168.7 Second Quarter 4.65 3.97 386.5 328.3 202.8 165.1 First Quarter 4.67 4.00 381.2 327.8 184.5 153.7 2023 Fourth Quarter 5.05 4.50 473.6 363.2 193.9 182.0 Third Quarter 6.37 4.61 464.7 388.2 216.0 170.8 Second Quarter 6.78 5.55 465.7 389.7 204.8 165.5 First Quarter 6.85 6.19 513.0 438.3 239.0 191.0 
 (a) We obtain corn and soybean meal prices from the Chicago Board of Trade, and we obtain wheat prices from the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange. 
 U.S. commodity market prices for chicken products trended above the historical five-year average as sustained price support delayed the normal seasonal price decreases until late in the quarter. Year-over-year price increases were supported by each major cut. Per the October 2024 U.S. Department of Agriculture (or USDA report on poultry slaughter, estimated industry ready-to-cook production ended the quarter 2.7 above prior year levels primarily due to incremental increases in broilers processed and average liveweights. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the U.S. chicken market experienced firm volume demand, supported by growth in both the retail and foodservice distribution channels throughout the quarter. Export volume in shipments were lower than the five-year historical average for the first two months of the quarter, but were sufficient to prevent buildup of dark meat inventories in cold storage while sustaining price levels that were higher than prior year. Chicken cold storage inventories ended the quarter 6.9 below prior year levels after declining seasonally during the quarter. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the U.K. chicken market volume was higher than in the same quarter of the prior year and also increased compared to the first half of 2024. European supplies into U.K. are increasing slightly as other markets for the E.U. are declining. Our utilities and feed ingredient costs are lower relative to third quarter of 2023. We continue to focus on managing costs, including labor and yield efficiencies, agricultural performance and increasing operational efficiency through investments in capital projects. 
 Commodity prices for chicken in Mexico decreased during the third quarter and on average were below prior year prices, but trended upwards towards the end of the third quarter. 
 Prices for the remainder of the year will depend on (1) the evolution of foodservice, retail and export meat demand and (2) factors such as feed production input costs, further spread of avian influenza both domestically and abroad, uncertainty surrounding the general economy and overall protein supply. 
 U.K. market prices for pork products decreased slightly throughout the third quarter of 2024 from downward pressure as a result of the price differential between U.K. and E.U. pork prices as well as reduced retail demand due to weather impacts. The pig supply has increased throughout 2024 though largely due to increased weights. U.K. pig farming became profitable in the second quarter of 2023 and continues to remain profitable. 
 U.K. prices for prepared foods have remained at elevated levels from inflationary pressure, primarily from increased pork prices. We continue to focus on partnering with our Key Customers and increasing operational efficiency. 
 Reportable Segments 
 We operate in three reportable segments: U.S., Europe (formerly known as U.K. and Europe ), and Mexico. We measure segment profit as operating income. Certain corporate expenses are allocated to the Mexico and Europe reportable segments based upon various apportionment methods for specific expenditures incurred related thereto with the remaining amounts allocated to the U.S. For additional information, see Note 18. Reportable Segments of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this quarterly report. 
 
 37 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 
 Net sales. Net sales generated in the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 224.8 million, or 5.2 , from net sales generated in the three months ended September 24, 2023. The following table provides net sales information: 
 Sources of net sales Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Impact on Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent Sales Volume Sales Prices Foreign Currency Translation Impact (In thousands, except percent data) (In percent) U.S. 2,773,391 285,074 11.5 1.5 10.0 Europe 1,308,127 (4,078) (0.3) 1.2 (3.9) 2.4 Mexico 503,461 (56,213) (10.0) 1.4 (1.5) (9.9) Total net sales 4,584,979 224,783 5.2 
 U.S. Reportable Segment. U.S. net sales generated in the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 285.1 million, or 11.5 , from U.S. net sales generated in the three months ended September 24, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net sales per pound of 248.4 million, or 10.0 percentage points, and an increase in sales volume of 36.7 million, or 1.5 percentage points. The increase in net sales per pound was driven primarily by favorable market pricing conditions and shift in product mix. The third quarter average commodity chicken market prices were above both prior year and the historical five-year average. 
 Europe Reportable Segment. E urope net sales generated in the three months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 4.1 million, or 0.3 , from Europe net sales generated in the three months ended September 24, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in net sales per pound of 51.3 million, or 3.9 percentage points. The decrease in net sales per pound was primarily due to shift in product mix and due to the structure of certain customer contracts impacted by lower input costs. The decrease in net sales per pound was partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency translation and an increase in sales volume of 31.0 million, or 2.4 percentage points, and 16.2 million, or 1.2 percentage points, respectively. 
 Mexico Reportable Segment. Mexico net sales generated in the three months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 56.2 million, or 10.0 , from Mexico net sales generated in the three months ended September 24, 2023 due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 55.4 million, or 9.9 percentage points, and a decrease in net sales per pound of 8.6 million, or 1.5 percentage points. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in sales volume of 7.8 million, or 1.4 percentage points. The decrease in net sales per pound was driven by an decrease in commodity chicken prices based on market requirements. The increase in sales volume was driven by shifts in product mix. 
 Gross profit and cost of sales. Gross profit increased by 338.1 million, or 97.7 , from 345.9 million generated in the three months ended September 24, 2023 to 684.0 million generated in the three months ended September 29, 2024. The following tables provide information regarding gross profit and cost of sales information: 
 Components of gross profit Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Percent of Net Sales Three Months Ended Amount Percent September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands, except percent data) Net sales 4,584,979 224,783 5.2 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 3,901,009 (113,305) (2.8) 85.1 92.1 Gross profit 683,970 338,088 97.7 14.9 7.9 
 
 38 

Sources of gross profit Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 492,966 322,310 188.9 Europe 131,841 35,894 37.4 Mexico 59,163 (20,116) (25.4) Total gross profit 683,970 338,088 97.7 
 Sources of cost of sales Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 2,280,425 (37,236) (1.6) Europe 1,176,286 (39,972) (3.3) Mexico 444,298 (36,097) (7.5) Total cost of sales 3,901,009 (113,305) (2.8) 
 U.S. Reportable Segment. Cost of sales incurred by our U.S. operations during the three months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 37.2 million, or 1.6 , from cost of sales incurred by our U.S. segment during the three months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a decrease in cost per pound sold of 71.5 million, or 3.1 percentage points, partially offset by an increase in sales volume of 34.2 million, or 1.5 percentage points. The decrease from prior year in cost per pound sold is primarily due to declining feed ingredients costs, specifically corn and soybean meal. Corn market prices decreased approximately 28 from prior year levels and soybean meal market prices decreased approximately 14 from prior year levels. Factors that are partially offsetting the decrease in cost of sales from feed ingredients are increased payroll and incentive compensation costs, grower costs, and other operating costs. 
 Europe Reportable Segment. Cost of sales incurred by our Europe operations during the three months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 40.0 million, or 3.3 , from cost of sales incurred by our Europe segment during the three months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a decrease in cost per pound from lower input costs. 
 Mexico Reportable Segment. Cos t of sales incurred by our Mexico operations during the three months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 36.1 million, or 7.5 , from cost of sales incurred by our Mexico segment during the three months ended September 24, 2023 . This decrease was driven by the favorable impact of foreign currency translation of 48.9 million, or 10.2 percentage points. Partially offsetting this decrease were increases in sales volume and cost per pound sold of 6.7 million, or 1.4 percentage points, and 6.1 million, or 1.3 percentage points, respectively. 
 Operating income and SG A expense. Operating income increased by 302.0 million, or 146.3 , from income of 206.4 million generated in the three months ended September 24, 2023 to income of 508.4 million generated in the three months ended September 29, 2024. The following tables provide information regarding operating income and selling, general and administrative SG A expense: 
 Components of operating income Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Percent of Net Sales Three Months Ended Amount Percent September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands, except percent data) Gross profit 683,970 338,088 97.7 14.9 7.9 SG A expense 144,780 6,211 4.5 3.2 3.2 Restructuring activities 30,836 29,896 3,180.4 0.6 Operating income 508,354 301,981 146.3 11.1 4.7 
 
 39 

Sources of operating income Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 419,844 318,462 314.1 Europe 45,601 2,792 6.5 Mexico 42,909 (19,273) (31.0) Total operating income 508,354 301,981 146.3 Sources of SG A expense Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 73,122 3,848 5.6 Europe 55,404 3,206 6.1 Mexico 16,254 (843) (4.9) Total SG A expense 144,780 6,211 4.5 
 Sources of restructuring activities Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Three Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) Europe 30,836 29,896 3,180.4 
 U.S. Reportable Segment. SG A expense incurred by our U.S. reportable segment during the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 3.8 million, or 5.6 , from SG A expense incurred by our U.S. reportable segment during the three months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in SG A expense resulted primarily from an increase in incentive compensation costs, partially offset by a net decrease in legal settlement expense. 
 Europe Reportable Segment. SG A expense incurred by our Europe reportable segment during the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 3.2 million, or 6.1 , from SG A expense incurred by our Europe segment during the three months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in SG A expense was primarily due to an increase in incentive compensation expense. 
 Mexico Reportable Segment. SG A expense incurred by our Mexico reportable segment during the three months ended September 29, 2024 decreased approximately 0.8 million, or 4.9 , from SG A expense incurred by our Mexico segment during the three months ended September 24, 2023 primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign currency translation. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in payroll and incentive compensation costs. 
 Restructuring activities. Restructuring activities costs of 30.8 million were recognized in the three months ended September 29, 2024. These charges were incurred by our Europe reportable segment primarily as a result of severance, asset impairment, and other charges related to the closure of facilities within our Pilgrim s Food Masters and Pilgrim's U.K. businesses. 
 Net interest expense. Net interest expense decreased to 19.5 million recognized in the three months ended September 29, 2024 from 33.5 million recognized in the three months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in net interest expense resulted primarily from a decrease in interest expense on outstanding borrowings due to decreased borrowings and an increase in interest income on higher cash balances. 
 Income taxes. Income tax expense increased to 131.6 million, a 27.3 effective tax rate, for the three months ended September 29, 2024 compared to an income tax expense of 44.6 million, a 26.8 effective tax rate, for the three months ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 40 

Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 
 Net sales. Net sales generated in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 672.3 million, or 5.2 , from net sales generated in the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The following table provides net sales information: 
 Sources of net sales Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Impact on Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent Sales Volume Sales Prices Foreign Currency Translation Impact (In thousands, except percent data) (In percent) U.S. 8,016,688 649,595 8.8 1.8 7.0 Europe 3,877,571 15,352 0.4 1.7 (3.9) 2.6 Mexico 1,611,968 7,365 0.5 2.3 (2.6) 0.8 Total net sales 13,506,227 672,312 5.2 
 U.S. Reportable Segment. U.S. net sales generated in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 649.6 million, or 8.8 , from U.S. net sales generated in the nine months ended September 24, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net sales per pound and an increase in sales volume of 514.0 million, or 7.0 percentage points, and 135.6 million, or 1.8 percentage points, respectively. The increase in net sales per pound was driven primarily by favorable market pricing conditions. The first nine months average commodity chicken market prices were above both prior year and the historical five-year average. 
 Europe Reportable Segment. E urope net sales generated in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 15.4 million, or 0.4 , from Europe net sales generated in the nine months ended September 24, 2023 primarily due to a favorable impact of foreign currency translation and an increase in sales volume of 100.8 million, or 2.6 percentage points, and 64.4 million, or 1.7 percentage points, respectively. The increase in net sales was partially offset by a decrease in net price per pound sold of 149.8 million, or 3.9 percentage points. The decrease in net sales per pound was primarily due to the structure of certain customer contracts impacted by lower input costs. 
 Mexico Reportable Segment. Mexico net sales generated in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 7.4 million, or 0.5 , from Mexico net sales generated in the nine months ended September 24, 2023 primarily due to an increase in sales volume and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation of 37.2 million, or 2.3 percentage points, and 11.5 million, or 0.8 percentage points, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in net sales per pound of 41.3 million, or 2.6 percentage points. The increase in sales volume was driven by sales mix with a year-over-year increase in imports and processed chicken volumes, partially offset by a decrease in live chicken volumes. The decrease in price per pound sold was driven by the shift in product mix. 
 Gross profit and cost of sales. Gross profit increased by 962.2 million from 797.4 million generated in the nine months ended September 24, 2023 to 1.8 billion generated in the nine months ended September 29, 2024. The following tables provide information regarding gross profit and cost of sales information: 
 Components of gross profit Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Percent of Net Sales Nine Months Ended Amount Percent September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands, except percent data) Net sales 13,506,227 672,312 5.2 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 11,746,722 (289,839) (2.4) 87.0 93.8 Gross profit 1,759,505 962,151 120.7 13.0 6.2 
 
 41 

Sources of gross profit Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 1,182,597 859,507 266.0 Europe 337,876 70,708 26.5 Mexico 239,032 31,723 15.3 Elimination 213 N/A Total gross profit 1,759,505 962,151 120.7 
 Sources of cost of sales Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 6,834,091 (209,912) (3.0) Europe 3,539,695 (55,356) (1.5) Mexico 1,372,936 (24,358) (1.7) Elimination (213) N/A Total cost of sales 11,746,722 (289,839) (2.4) 
 U.S. Reportable Segment. Cost of sales incurred by our U.S. operations during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 209.9 million, or 3.0 , from cost of sales incurred by our U.S. segment during the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a decrease in cost per pound sold of 339.6 million, or 4.8 percentage points, partially offset by an increase in sales volume of 129.6 million, or 1.8 percentage points. The decrease from prior year in cost per pound sold is primarily due to declining feed ingredients costs, specifically corn and soybean meal. Corn market prices decreased approximately 28 from prior year levels and soybean meal market prices decreased approximately 23 from prior year levels. Factors that are partially offsetting the decrease in cost of sales from feed ingredients are increased payroll and incentive compensation costs and an increase in insurance costs related to prior year recognition of income for business interruption insurance recoveries. 
 Europe Reportable Segment. Cost of sales incurred by our Europe operations during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 55.4 million, or 1.5 , from cost of sales incurred by our Europe segment during the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a decrease in cost per pound sold. The decrease in cost per pound sold was driven by lower feed ingredients, labor, utilities and other operating costs and was partially offset by an increase related to the prior year one-time recognition of business interruption insurance income. 
 Mexico Reportable Segment. Cost of sales incurred by our Mexico operations during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 24.4 million , or 1.7 , from cost of sales incurred by our Mexico segment during the nine months ended September 24, 2023. This decrease was driven by a decrease in cost per pound sold of 66.5 million, or 4.8 percentage points. The decrease in cost per pound sold was driven by decreased commodity feed ingredient input costs. The decrease in cost per pound sold was partially offset by increases in sales volume and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of 32.4 million, or 2.3 percentage points, and 9.8 million, or 0.7 percentage points, respectively. The increase in volume was driven by changes in mix with a year-over-year increase in imports, partially offset by a decrease in processed and live chicken volumes. 
 Operating income and SG A expense. Operating income increased by 861.4 million , or 254.9 , from income of 338.0 million generated in the nine months ended September 24, 2023 to income of 1,199.4 million generated in the nine months ended September 29, 2024. The following tables provide information regarding operating income and selling, general and administrative SG A expense: 
 
 42 

Components of operating income Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Percent of Net Sales Nine Months Ended Amount Percent September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In thousands, except percent data) Gross profit 1,759,505 962,151 120.7 13.0 6.2 SG A expense 478,017 57,334 13.6 3.5 3.3 Restructuring activities 82,070 43,386 112.2 0.6 0.3 Operating income 1,199,418 861,431 254.9 8.9 2.6 
 Sources of operating income Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 907,249 796,708 720.7 Europe 100,710 30,127 42.7 Mexico 191,459 34,383 21.9 Eliminations 213 N/A Total operating income 1,199,418 861,431 254.9 Sources of SG A expense Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) U.S. 275,348 62,799 29.5 Europe 155,096 (2,805) (1.8) Mexico 47,573 (2,660) (5.3) Total SG A expense 478,017 57,334 13.6 
 Sources of restructuring activities charges Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Change from Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Amount Percent (In thousands, except percent data) Europe 82,070 43,386 112.2 
 U.S. Reportable Segment. SG A expense incurred by our U.S. reportable segment during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 62.8 million, or 29.5 , from SG A expense incurred by our U.S. reportable segment during the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in SG A expense resulted primarily from an increase in legal settlement expense and incentive compensation costs, partially offset by an insurance recovery recognized in the current year. 
 Europe Reportable Segment. SG A expense incurred by our Europe reportable segment during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 2.8 million, or 1.8 , from SG A expense incurred by our Europe segment during the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in SG A expense was primarily due to a decrease in salaries expense related to the Pilgrim s Europe central restructuring initiative. 
 Mexico Reportable Segment. SG A expense incurred by our Mexico reportable segment during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 decreased 2.7 million, or 5.3 , from SG A expense incurred by our Mexico segment during the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The primary driver of the decrease in SG A expense was a decrease in marketing spend and labor costs, partially offset by an increase driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. 
 Restructuring activities. Restructuring activities costs of 82.1 million were recognized in the nine months ended September 29, 2024. These charges were incurred by our Europe reportable segment primarily as a result of asset impairment, severance, and other charges in our Pilgrim s Food Masters and Pilgrim s U.K. businesses related to site closures. 
 Net interest expense. Net interest expense decreased to 65.7 million recognized in the nine months ended September 29, 2024 from 112.1 million recognized in the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in net interest expense resulted primarily from a decrease in interest expense on outstanding borrowings due to decreased borrowings and an increase in interest income on higher cash balances. Contributing to the decrease in net interest expense is gross realized gains of 
 
 43 

13.8 million recognized on the repurchases of 144.3 million of outstanding principal of the Senior Notes due 2031 and 20.0 million of outstanding principal of the Senior Notes due 2033. 
 Income taxes. Income tax expense increased to 284.3 million, a 25.0 effective tax rate, for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 compared to an income tax expense of 20.5 million, a 9.8 effective tax rate, for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The change from an income tax benefit to an income tax expense in 2024 resulted primarily from the increase in profit before income taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table presents our available sources of liquidity as of September 29, 2024: 
 Sources of Liquidity Facility Amount Amount Outstanding Amount Available (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents 1,878.0 Borrowing arrangements: U.S. Credit Facility (a) 
 850.0 825.3 Mexico Credit Facility (b) 
 56.4 56.4 Europe Credit Facility (c) 
 200.6 200.6 
 (a) Availability under the U.S. Credit Facility is also reduced by our outstanding standby letters of credit. Standby letters of credit outstanding at September 29, 2024 totaled 24.7 million. 
 (b) The U.S. dollar-equivalent of the facility amount under the Mexico Credit Facility is 56.4 million (Mex 1.1 billion). 
 (c) The U.S. dollar-equivalent of the facility amount under the Europe Credit Facility is 200.6 million 150 million). 
 On May 1, 2024, the Pilgrim s Board of Directors approved a bond repurchase program which authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 200.0 million worth of our outstanding senior notes. Under the program, we have repurchased 144.3 million of outstanding principal of the Senior Notes Due 2031 and 20.0 million of the outstanding principal of the Senior Notes due 2033 for an aggregate of 150.5 million. 
 We expect cash flows from operations, combined with availability under our credit facilities, to provide sufficient liquidity to fund current obligations, projected working capital requirements, maturities of long-term debt and capital spending for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 Historical Flow of Funds 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In millions) Net income 851.5 188.1 Net noncash expenses 398.4 269.4 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts and other receivables 62.6 (65.2) Inventories 173.0 (13.0) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (65.6) (8.0) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 79.7 12.2 Income taxes 151.9 40.5 Long-term pension and other postretirement obligations 13.1 (1.7) Other operating assets and liabilities (23.8) (22.7) Cash provided by operating activities 1,640.8 399.6 
 Net Noncash Expenses 
 Items necessary to reconcile from net income to cash flow provided by operating activities included net noncash expenses of 398.4 million for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. Net noncash expense items included depreciation and amortization of 321.8 million, asset impairment of 26.6 million, deferred income tax expense of 45.2 million, gain on early extinguishment of debt recognized as component of interest expense of 11.2 million, stock-based compensation costs of 9.2 million, loan cost amortization of 3.8 million, accretion of discounts related to Senior Notes of 1.9 million, and losses on property disposals of 1.1 million. Other net noncash items were immaterial. 
 
 44 

Items necessary to reconcile from net income to cash flow provided by operating activities included net noncash expenses of 269.4 million for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. Net noncash expense items included depreciation and amortization of 307.4 million, loan cost amortization of 6.1 million, stock-based compensation of 5.2 million, asset impairment of 4.0 million, accretion of discounts related to Senior Notes of 1.6 million, and loss on equity method investment of 0.3 million. These expense items were partially offset by a deferred income tax benefit of 46.8 million and gains on property disposals of 8.4 million. 
 Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities 
 The change in trade accounts and other receivables represented a 62.6 million source of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. This change primarily resulted from a decrease in trade accounts receivable due to timing of payments received. The change in trade accounts and other receivables represented a 65.2 million use of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. This change primarily resulted from an increase in trade accounts receivable from increased sales prices in the U.K. and Mexico and increased volumes. 
 The change in inventories represented a 173.0 million source of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. This change resulted primarily from decreased raw materials, work-in-process inventories due to lower feed ingredient costs, and lower finished goods inventories. The change in inventories represented a 13.0 million use of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. This change resulted primarily from increased finished goods inventories. 
 The change in prepaid expenses and other current assets represented a 65.6 million use of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. This change resulted primarily from an increase in prepaid indirect taxes in our Mexico and Europe reportable segments. The change in prepaid expenses and other current assets represented a 8.0 million use of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. This change resulted primarily from a net increase in prepaid insurance and prepaid maintenance of information technology. 
 The change in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities represented a 79.7 million source of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. This change resulted primarily from timing of payments to our suppliers, a reduction in grain input costs, and timing of legal settlement payments. The change in accounts payable, revenue contract liabilities, accrued expenses and other current liabilities represented a 12.2 million source of cash related to operating activities for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. This change resulted primarily from timing of payments to our suppliers, a reduction in grain input costs, an increase in our revenue contract liabilities and year-to-date fair value fluctuations of our derivative instruments. 
 The change in income taxes, which includes income taxes receivable, income taxes payable, deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities, reserves for uncertain tax positions, and the tax components within accumulated other comprehensive loss, represented a 151.9 million and 40.5 million source of cash for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In millions) Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment (316.9) (432.4) Proceeds from property disposals 9.7 17.2 Proceeds from property insurance recoveries 20.7 Cash used in investing activities (307.2) (394.5) 
 Capital expenditures were incurred for growth projects, such as the South Georgia protein conversion plant, and to improve operational efficiencies, system enhancement projects, and reduce costs for the nine months ended September 29, 2024. 
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 24, 2023 were primarily incurred to improve operational efficiencies and reduce costs. Capital expenditures in 2023 also included investments in the Athens, GA plant expansion, the South Georgia protein conversion plant and other automation projects. Proceeds from property disposals were primarily for the sale of a farm in Mexico. Proceeds from property insurance recoveries reflects cash received on insurance claims related to the property losses incurred from the Mayfield, Kentucky tornado that occurred in December 2021. 
 
 45 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (In millions) Payments on revolving line of credit, long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations (151.7) (765.9) Proceeds from revolving line of credit and long-term borrowings 1,278.1 Proceeds from contribution (payment of distribution) of capital under Tax Sharing Agreement with JBS USA Holdings 1.4 (1.6) Payments on early extinguishment of debt (0.2) Payments of capitalized loan costs (10.3) Cash provided by financing activities (150.5) 500.3 
 Payments on revolving line of credit, long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations are primarily related to open market repurchases of outstanding senior notes. The proceeds from contribution of capital under the Tax Sharing Agreement with JBS USA Holdings were an allocation made during tax year 2023 for payment of historical tax adjustments. Payments on early extinguishment of debt are transaction fees related to the bond repurchases. 
 Proceeds from revolving line of credit and long-term borrowings include the 1.0 billion issuance of the U.S. Senior Notes Due 2033 in April 2023, less a 6.8 million discount, borrowings on the U.S. revolving credit facility of 235.0 million, and borrowings on the U.K. and Europe revolving credit facility of 49.9 million. Payments on revolving line of credit, long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations include a pay down of 480.1 million on the U.S. term loan, repayments of all 285.1 million borrowings under both the U.S. and U.K. revolving credit facilities, and 0.6 million in payments of finance lease obligations. Payments of capitalized loan costs include costs incurred in relation to the issuance of the U.S. Senior Notes due 2033. The distribution from Tax Sharing Agreement with JBS USA Holdings is payment of net tax incurred during the tax year 2022 under the tax sharing agreement. 
 
 Long-Term Debt and Other Borrowing Arrangements 
 Our long-term debt and other borrowing arrangements consist of senior notes, revolving credit facilities and other term loan agreements. For a description, refer to Note 12. Debt. 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA is defined as the sum of net income (loss) plus interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding to EBITDA certain items of expense and deducting from EBITDA certain items of income that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance consisting of: (1) foreign currency transaction losses (gains), (2) costs related to litigation settlements, (3) restructuring activities losses, (4) loss on settlement of pension obligations due to plan termination, (5) write-downs of inventory as a result of hurricane, (6) property insurance recoveries for property damage losses, and (7) net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. EBITDA is presented because it is used by us and we believe it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties, in addition to and not in lieu of results prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, to compare the performance of companies. We believe investors would be interested in our Adjusted EBITDA because this is how our management analyzes EBITDA applicable to continuing operations. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA, in combination with our financial results calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provides investors with additional perspective regarding the impact of certain significant items on EBITDA and facilitates a more direct comparison of our performance with our competitors. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for an analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of the limitations of these measures are: 
 They do not reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 They do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 They do not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 Although depreciation and amortization are noncash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
 They are not adjusted for all noncash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows; 
 
 46 

EBITDA does not reflect the impact of earnings or charges attributable to noncontrolling interests; 
 They do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider to not be indicative of our ongoing operations; and 
 They do not reflect limitations on or costs related to transferring earnings from our subsidiaries to us. 
 In addition, other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income as indicators of our operating performance or any other measures of performance derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our U.S. GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA only on a supplemental basis. 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 (In thousands) Net income 851,451 Add: Interest expense, net 65,733 Income tax expense 284,321 Depreciation and amortization 321,768 EBITDA 1,523,273 Add: Litigation settlements 72,190 Restructuring activities losses 82,070 Loss on settlement of pension from plan termination 10,709 Inventory write-down as a result of hurricane 8,075 Minus: Foreign currency transaction gains 7,240 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 867 Adjusted EBITDA 1,688,210 
 
 47 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk-Sensitive Instruments and Positions 
 The risk inherent in our market risk-sensitive instruments and positions is primarily the potential loss arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and the credit quality of available-for-sale securities as discussed below. The sensitivity analyses presented do not consider the effects that such adverse changes may have on overall economic activity, nor do they consider additional actions our management may take to mitigate our exposure to such changes. Actual results may differ from those described below. 
 Commodity Prices 
 We purchase certain commodities, primarily corn, soybean meal, soybean oil, and wheat, for use as ingredients in the feed we either sell commercially or consume in our live operations. As a result, our earnings are affected by changes in the price and availability of such feed ingredients. We have from time to time attempted to minimize our exposure to the changing price and availability of such feed ingredients using various techniques, including, but not limited to, (1) executing purchase agreements with suppliers for future physical delivery of feed ingredients at established prices and (2) purchasing or selling derivative financial instruments such as futures and options. 
 For this sensitivity analysis, market risk is estimated as a hypothetical 10 increase in the weighted-average cost of our primary feed ingredients as of the periods presented. The impact of this fluctuation, if realized, could be mitigated by related commodity hedging activity. However, fluctuations greater than 10 could occur. 
 Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Amount Impact of 10 Increase in Feed Ingredient Prices (In thousands) Feed ingredient purchases (a) 
 862,891 86,289 Feed ingredient inventory (b) 
 132,573 13,257 
 (a) Based on our feed consumption, a 10 increase in the price of our feed ingredient purchases would have increased cost of sales for the three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 (b) A 10 increase in ending feed ingredient prices would have increased inventories as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 September 29, 2024 Amount Impact of 10 Increase in Commodity Prices (In thousands) Net commodity derivative assets (a) 
 17,758 1,776 
 (a) We purchase commodity derivative financial instruments, specifically exchange-traded futures and options, in an attempt to mitigate price risk related to our anticipated consumption of commodity inputs for the next 12 months. A 10 increase in corn, soybean meal, soybean oil and wheat prices would have resulted in an increase in the fair value of our net commodity derivative asset position, including margin cash, as of September 29, 2024. 
 Interest Rates 
 Fixed-rate debt. Market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential decrease in fair value resulting from a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 10 . Using a discounted cash flow analysis, a hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of our fixed-rate debt by 103.9 million as of September 29, 2024. 
 Foreign Currency 
 Mexico Foreign Investments 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange-related variability of investments and earnings from our Mexican subsidiaries. Foreign currency market risk is the possibility that our financial results or financial position could be better or worse than planned because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For this sensitivity analysis, market risk is estimated as a hypothetical 10 change in exchange rates used to convert Mexican peso to U.S. dollars, and the effect of this change on our Mexican foreign investments. 
 Net Assets. As of September 29, 2024, our Mexican subsidiaries that are denominated in Mexican peso had net assets of 1.1 billion. A 10 weakening in Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar exchange rate would cause a decrease in the net 
 
 48 

assets of our Mexican subsidiaries by 104.3 million. A 10 strengthening in the Mexican peso against the U.S dollar exchange rate would cause an increase in the net assets of our Mexican subsidiaries of 127.4 million. 
 We are also exposed to the effect of potential currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that amounts are repatriated from Mexico to the U.S. The Mexican peso exchange rate can directly and indirectly impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Europe Foreign Investments 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange-related variability of investments and earnings from our Europe subsidiaries. Foreign currency market risk is the possibility that our financial results or financial position could be better or worse than planned because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For this sensitivity analysis, market risk is estimated as a hypothetical 10 change in exchange rates used to convert British pound and euro to U.S. dollars, and the effect of this change on our Europe foreign investments. 
 Net Assets. As of September 29, 2024, our Europe subsidiaries that are denominated in British pounds had net assets of 4.5 billion. A 10 weakening in British pound against the U.S. dollar exchange rate would cause a decrease in the net assets of our Europe subsidiaries by 413.1 million. A 10 strengthening in the British pound against the U.S dollar exchange rate would cause an increase in the net assets of our Europe subsidiaries of 504.9 million. 
 Cash flow hedging transactions. We periodically enter into foreign currency forward contracts, which are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, to hedge foreign currency risk on a portion of sales generated and purchases made by our Europe reportable segment. A 10 weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound and U.S. dollar against the euro would result in immaterial changes in the fair values of these derivative instruments. No assurance can be given as to how future movements in currency rates could affect our future financial condition or results of operations. 
 Quality of Investments 
 Certain retirement plans that we sponsor invest in a variety of financial instruments. We have analyzed our portfolios of investments and, to the best of our knowledge, none of our investments, including money market funds units, commercial paper and municipal securities, have been downgraded, and neither we nor any fund in which we participate hold significant amounts of structured investment vehicles, auction rate securities, collateralized debt obligations, credit derivatives, hedge funds investments, fund of funds investments or perpetual preferred securities. Certain postretirement funds in which we participate hold significant amounts of mortgage-backed securities. However, none of the mortgages collateralizing these securities are considered subprime. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 The U.S., Mexico and most of Europe continue to experience inflation at above-historical levels, though to a lesser degree than in the prior year. None of the locations in which we operate are experiencing hyperinflation. We have responded to these inflationary challenges by continuing negotiations with customers to recoup the extraordinary costs we have experienced. We also continue to focus on operational initiatives that aim to deliver labor efficiencies, better agricultural performance and improved yields. 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 Certain written and oral statements made by our Company and subsidiaries of our Company may constitute forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This includes statements made herein, in our other filings with the SEC, in press releases, and in certain other oral and written presentations. Statements of our intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future, denoted by the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, project, plan, imply, intend, should, foresee and similar expressions, are forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the following: 
 Matters affecting the chicken and pork industries generally, including fluctuations in the commodity prices of feed ingredients, pigs and chicken; 
 Our ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with vendors and service providers; 
 Our ability to maintain contracts that are critical to our operations; 
 Our ability to retain management and other key individuals; 
 
 49 

Outbreaks of avian influenza or other diseases, either in our own flock or elsewhere, affecting our ability to conduct our operations and/or demand for our poultry products; 
 Contamination of our products, which has previously and can in the future lead to product liability claims and product recalls; 
 Exposure to risks related to product liability, product recalls, property damage and injuries to persons, for which insurance coverage is expensive, limited and potentially inadequate; 
 Changes in laws or regulations affecting our operations or the application thereof; 
 Our ability to ensure that our directors, officers, employees, agents, third-party intermediaries and the companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations will comply with anti-corruption laws or other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities; 
 New immigration legislation or increased enforcement efforts in connection with existing immigration legislation that cause our costs of business to increase, cause us to change the way in which we do business or otherwise disrupt our operations; 
 Competitive factors, inflation and pricing pressures, or the loss of one or more of our largest customers; 
 Inability to consummate, or effectively integrate, any acquisition or to realize the associated anticipated cost savings and operating synergies; 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations, trade barriers, exchange controls, expropriation and other risks associated with foreign segments, including risks associated with Brexit; 
 Restrictions imposed by, and as a result of, Pilgrim s leverage; 
 Disruptions in international markets and distribution channels for various reasons, including, but not limited to, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine or Israel-Hamas wars; 
 The impact of cyber-attacks, natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems on our information systems; 
 Our ability to maintain favorable labor relations with our employees and our compliance with labor laws; 
 Extreme weather or natural disasters; 
 The impact of uncertainties in litigation; and 
 Other risks described herein and under Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 Actual results could differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of these factors, among others, many of which are beyond our control. 
 The Company s forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made. In making these statements, we are not undertaking, and specifically decline to undertake, any obligation to address or update each or any factor in future filings or communications regarding our business or results, and we are not undertaking to address how any of these factors may have caused changes to information contained in previous filings or communications. Although we have attempted to list comprehensively these important cautionary risk factors, we must caution investors and others that other factors may in the future prove to be important and affect our business or results of operations. 
 
 50 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 29, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information we are required to disclose in our reports filed with the SEC is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, identified no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 29, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 During 2024, the Company has completed the first phase of a multi-year implementation of an enterprise resource planning ERP system. The implementation did not materially affect our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 29, 2024 and is not expected to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting throughout the remainder of the implementation period. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required with respect to this item can be found in Part I, Item 1, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies in this quarterly report and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, please see Part I Item 1A Risk Factors and Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report and Part I Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein, in each case as updated by the Company s periodic filings with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None of the Company s directors or executive officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Form 8-K (No. 001-09273) filed on May 3, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Corporate Bylaws of the Company. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Current Form 8-K (No. 001-09273) filed on May 3, 2021). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PILGRIM S PRIDE CORPORATION Date: October 30, 2024 /s/ Matthew Galvanoni Matthew Galvanoni Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
 
 53 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ppc-09292024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Fabio Sandri, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024, of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Fabio Sandri Fabio Sandri Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ppc-09292024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew Galvanoni, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024, of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Matthew Galvanoni Matthew Galvanoni Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ppc-09292024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 The quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Fabio Sandri Fabio Sandri Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ppc-09292024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Pilgrim's Pride Corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 The quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Matthew Galvanoni Matthew Galvanoni Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ppc-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ppc-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ppc-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ppc-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ppc-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

