<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241125_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1442999_0001477932-24-007595.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3989654</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89787</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>714163</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>957180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>847236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1300306</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007595.hdr.sgml : 20241125
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241125061635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007595
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241125

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTEROLA BIOTECH INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001442999
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				821317032
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-156091
		FILM NUMBER:		241491844

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 HAMILTON SQUARE
		CITY:			BIRKENHEAD MERSEYSIDE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			CH41 5AR
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 151 601 9477

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 HAMILTON SQUARE
		CITY:			BIRKENHEAD MERSEYSIDE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			CH41 5AR

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JEDEDIAH RESOURCES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080813

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007595.txt : 20241125

10-Q/A
 1
 abti_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

abti_10qa.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM (Amendment No. 1) Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) +44 (Registrant s telephone number) _______________________________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. Large accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares as of November 15, 2024. Explanatory Note TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Item 1: Financial Statements 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) (Restated) and December 31, 2023 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) (Restated) and 2023 (Unaudited) 4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) (Restated) and 2023 (Unaudited) 5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) (Restated) and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 18 Item 4: Controls and Procedures 19 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1: Legal Proceedings 20 Item 1A: Risk Factors 20 Item 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 20 Item 3: Defaults Upon Senior Securities 21 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosure 21 Item 5: Other Information 21 Item 6: Exhibits 24 Signatures 25 2 Table of Contents PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF JUNE 30, 2024 AND MARCH 31, 2024 Restated June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) (Audited) ASSETS (Restated) Current assets: Cash in bank Inventories Total current assets Long-term assets: Deferred offering costs Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT LIABILITIES: Current liabilities: Notes payable, net Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities, related party Loans payable, related party Total current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: Preferred stock, par value, respectively; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 Common stock, par value, respectively; authorized; and shares issued outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders' deficit attributable to owners of the parent Non-controlling interest Total stockholder s deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit Derived from audited information See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 3 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Restated) Three Months Ended Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 (Restated) REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES: Accounting and audit fees Professional fees Research and Development Legal Fees Directors Fees Consulting Fees Salaries and wages General and administrative - other TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES LOSS FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): Gain on conversion of debt Exchange differences TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET LOSS Net loss of subsidiaries attributable to noncontrolling interest NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS NET LOSS PER SHARE: Basic and diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: Basic and diluted COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: Net loss Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized foreign currency translation gain Comprehensive loss See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 4 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Restated) Total Stockholders' Equity Accumulated (Deficit) Common Stock Treasury Shares Additional Other attributable to Non- Total 0.001 Par Value 0.001 Par Value Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated the owners of Controlling stockholder s Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit the parent Interest deficit Balances March 31, 2023 - Shares reclaimed into treasury shares Shares issued for settlement of debt Shares issued for exercise of warrants Shares issued for acquisition of Alinova Biosciences Shares issued for services Shares issued for services - directors Foreign currency translation - - Net loss for the period ended June 30, 2023 - - Balances, June 30, 2023 - Total Stockholders' Equity Accumulated (Deficit) Common Stock Treasury Shares Additional Other attributable to Non- Total 0.001 Par Value 0.001 Par Value Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated the owners of Controlling stockholder s Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit the parent Interest deficit Balances March 31, 2024 - Change in foreign currency - - Warrants issued with convertible notes - - Shares issued for services - Directors - Shares issued for back wages - Cash received for founders shares Shares issued for services - Net loss for the period - - Balances, June 30, 2024 (Restated) - See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 5 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended June 30, Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 (Restated) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities: Shares issued for outside services Stock to directors Shares issued for back wages Shares issued for settlement of debt Changes in: operating assets and liabilities: Inventories VAT Receivable Accounts Payable Accrued liabilities Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of assets Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net proceeds from notes payable Deferred offering costs Proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from (repayment of loans from related parties Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities NET INCREASE IN CASH Effect of exchange rate adjustments on cash CASH, beginning of period CASH, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Interest paid Income taxes paid NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING INFORMATION: Shares issued for services Shares issued to directors Shares issued for asset acquisition Shares issued for exercise of warrants Shares issued for conversion of notes payable Shares issued for back wages Increase in equity and debt discount See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 6 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) shares of the Company s common stock. Following the acquisition of the IP the Company changed its business direction to pursue the development of chewing gums for the delivery of Nutraceutical/functional ingredients for applications such as appetite suppressant, cholesterol suppressant, vitamin delivery, antioxidant delivery and motion sickness suppressant. On January 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with ABTI Pharma Limited, a company registered in England and Wales ABTI Pharma ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of ABTI Pharma from its shareholders in exchange for shares of the Company pro rata to the ABTI Pharma shareholders. The shares were issued on January 29, 2021 in anticipation of the closing and the parties to the transaction agreed in a March 24, 2021 amendment to close upon the ABTI Pharma Limited Shares being transferred to the Company, which was to occur upon the filing by the Company of its outstanding September 30, 2020 quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which was filed on May 28, 2021 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The transaction closed on May 28, 2021. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization. ABTI Pharma is the acquirer for accounting purposes and the Company is the issuer. The historical financial statements presented are the financial statements of ABTI. The Agreement was treated as a recapitalization and not as a business combination; at the date of the acquisition, the net liabilities of the legal acquirer, Alterola, were . The business plan of the Company is no longer focused on a chewing gum delivery system but was re-focused on the development of cannabinoid, cannabinoid-like, and non-cannabinoid pharmaceutical active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), pharmaceutical medicines made from cannabinoid, cannabinoid-like, and non-cannabinoid APIs and European novel food approval of cannabinoid-based, cannabinoid-like and non-cannabinoid ingredients and products. In addition, the company plans to develop such bulk ingredients for supply into the cosmetic sector. On December 2, 2021, the Company closed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with C2 Wellness Corp., a Wyoming corporation, and Dr. G. Sridhar Prasad (together, the Seller and acquired certain IP assets (the Assets from Seller, which include: Novel cannabinoid molecules and their associated intellectual property; Novel cannabinoid pro-drugs, and their associated intellectual property; Novel proprietary cannabinoid formulations, designed to target lymphatic delivery, and their associated intellectual property; Novel proprietary nano-encapsulated cannabinoid formulations, in self-dissolving polymers, and their associated intellectual property; and Cannabinoids and cannabinoid pro-drug formulations for topical ocular delivery, and their associated intellectual property. In exchange for the Assets, the Company issued to Seller shares of common stock. On September 8, 2023, the Company and Seller entered into an Agreement to sell the assets, such that the Company sold the assets back to the Seller and the Seller paid shares of ABTI common stock to the Company. The assets were sold to the Seller in September 2023. As of April 18, 2023, we acquired intellectual property from Alinova Biosciences Ltd. We acquired Alinova s joint interest in the patent family of PTX 0001. We paid Sterling in cash and shares of ABTI Stock. On April 16, 2024, . Phytanix Bio was formed to become the parent of ABTI Pharma Limited and its subsidiaries. Phytanix Bio was formed to execute a merger transaction with NASDAQ-listed company Chain Bridge I (NASDAQ: CBRG), which as of the date of this filing has not yet closed. LIQUIDITY GOING CONCERN On June 30, 2024, the Company has negative working capital of , has incurred losses since inception of , and has not received revenues from sales of products or services. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The ability of Alterola to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and ongoing operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. 7 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) Use of Estimates Cash and Equivalents Fair Value of Financial Instruments Income Taxes Foreign Currency Translation 8 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) Loss Per Common Share Stock-Based Compensation Research and development Noncontrolling interests Other Intangible Assets . Recent Accounting Pronouncements 9 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) in intangibles as discussed in Note 1. During fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, there were certain costs associated with the C2 Wellness intangibles that were capitalized, resulting in a balance of . During the year ended March 31, 2024, it was determined that these costs should have been expensed as research and development costs and not capitalized as part of the initial balance recorded. This correction was made and is reflected in the restatement footnote (Note 2) contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. in deferred tax assets as reported. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company identified that this balance should have been fully impaired with the unlikelihood of net income during FY 2024. As a result, this balance was fully written off for the year ended March 31, 2023 as mentioned in the restatement footnote (Note 2) contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. This amount was also removed from the financial statements for the period June 30, 2024, which is presented within this Form 10-Q filing. Research and development General and administrative Legal fees and transfer agent Total Accounts Payable Research and development General and administrative Legal fees and transfer agent Total Accrued Expenses shares of par value common stock authorized and shares of par value preferred stock authorized. On June 13, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to EMC2 Capital LLC following the cashless exercise of their Warrants issued in August 2021. On June 13, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to Alison Rose Burgess as settlement of a Sterling loan under the terms and conditions of the loan dated 21 September 2021. On June 13, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to Alinova Biosciences Ltd as part payment of consideration for the acquisition of intellectual property. On June 13, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to Long Eight Limited as part payment of consideration for services received by Green Ocean Administration Limited. On June 13, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to Warren Law Group to be held in escrow as potential part payment for services received from Bridgeway Capital Partners LLC, Bridgeway Capital Partners II LLC and Entoro Securities LLC. On June 14, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to our Directors as payment for their services as Directors. On September 8, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement to Return Assets and Shares with C2 Wellness Corp. As part of the agreement, the company received shares of ABTI stock shares originally issued and shares additionally issued) and sold all assets related to the acquisition, resulting in a write-off of in intangibles. On October 16, 2023, the Company issued shares in exchange of forgiveness of debt of approximately 2.35 million outstanding. The exchange resulted in a loss on exchange of . On December 21, 2023, the Company issued shares in exchange for services provided for the company for the period ended June 30, 2024, valued at 61,672 at the date of issuance. 10 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) shares to Long Eight Limited in exchange for services provided to the Company at a price per share of . On May 16, 2024, the Company issued a total shares to Long Eight Limited in exchange for services provided to the Company at a price per share of . On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares to Guy Webber in lieu of services provided to the Company as per his employment contract, at a price per share of . On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares to Nathan Thompson in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the Company for the period July 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, at a price per share of . On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares to Ning Qu in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the Company for the period July 01, 2023 to March 31, 2024, at a price per share of . On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares to Michael Hunter Land in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the Company for the period July 01, 2023 to March 31, 2024 at a price per share of . On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares to Daniel Reshef in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the Company for the period July 01, 2023 to March 31, 2024 at a price per share of . During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company reviewed the cumulative translation adjustment recorded on the financial statements and made corrections to the amount recorded for the year ended March 31, 2023 as discussed in the restatement footnote (Note 2) contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. The updated number was recorded as . The Company has and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, other than the Phytanix Series A preferred stock referred to below. The Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. There were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and March 31, 2023. On May 16, 2024, Phytanix Bio authorized the expansion of its share capital to common shares and Preferred shares and authorized the acquisition of of the share capital of ABTI Pharma Ltd by Phytanix Bio for the consideration of Phytanix Bio shares. Accordingly, on May 16, 2024, pursuant to the written consent to action without a meeting of the directors of Phytanix Bio, Phytanix Bio issued shares of its common stock to acquire the common stock of ABTI Pharma and its subsidiaries for cash of . The cash received was recorded as additional paid in capital on the statement of stockholders equity. Pursuant to an Exchange Agreement (the Agreement entered into on May 16, 2024, between the Company and EMC2 Capital LLC, a shareholder of Alterola Biotech, Phytanix Bio issued shares of its common stock and shares of its Series A preferred stock to EMC2 Capital, LLC in exchange for the return of 13,500,000 common shares of the Company. Accordingly, . As of the date of this report, the shares of common stock had not been received or cancelled. This was recorded as additional paid in capital on the statement of stockholders equity. Total notes payable Less: debt discount Notes payable, net On June 26, 2024, certain investors (the Financing Investors and Phytanix Bio entered into certain Securities Purchase Agreements pursuant to which, among other things, the Financing Investors agreed to purchase (i) certain promissory notes of Phytanix Bio in the original principal amount of .40, (ii) certain warrants to acquire Phytanix Bio s common shares (Common Warrants ), and (iii) warrants to acquire Phytanix Bio s Series A Preferred Shares. As of June 30, 2024, Phytanix Bio closed on a portion of the Securities Purchase Agreements, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Financing Investors . Phytanix Bio received net proceeds of , net of offering costs and expenses of . The notes are non-interest bearing and have a maturity date of . . 11 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) . These advances are non interest bearing and have no specified terms of repayment. shares to Guy Webber in lieu of services provided to the company as per his employment contract. On August 13, 2024, the shares which were held in escrow as part payment for services provided by Bridgeway Capital Partners as per an agreement dated June 24, 2022, were returned to Alterola Company Treasury, as Bridgeway Capital Partners waived their right to this payment. On August 30, 2024, the Company borrowed from FLUFFY S WORLD, LLC FWP3, a Delaware series limited liability company, under the terms of a convertible promissory note (the Note for working capital. The details of the loan are as per the 8K issued by the Company on September 12, 2024. On September 24, 2024, the board of directors of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the Company determined, upon the recommendation of the Company s management, and in consultation with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, that the Company should restate its previously issued financial statements for quarter ended June 30, 2024 to correct the accounting in its unaudited balance sheets for said quarter. The restatement relates to an error in the consolidation of the Company s subsidiaries. The details of the restatement are as per the 8K issued by the Company on September 30, 2024. Business Combination Agreement On July 22, 2024, Chain Bridge I, a Cayman Islands exempted company CBRG ), CB Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation HoldCo ), CB Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company CBRG Merger Sub ), Phytanix Bio, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and wholly owned subsidiary of Alterola Biotech, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and CB Merger Sub 2, Inc., a Nevada corporation Company Merger Sub ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ). Phytanix Bio is a subsidiary of Alterola Biotech, Inc., and Phytanix is the parent company of ABTI Pharma, which holds the subsidiaries, Ferven and Phytotherapeutix Ltd. Phytanix Bio is an innovative pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of therapeutics based on cannabinoid and cannabinoid-like molecules. CBRG is a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of acquiring or merging with one or more businesses. Upon closing of the transaction, expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2024, the combined company will be named Phytanix Inc., and its common stock is expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol PHYX. The Business Combination The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of the Company and CBRG. The Business Combination Agreement provides for, among other things, the consummation of the following transactions (the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, collectively, the Business Combination ): (i) CBRG Merger Sub will merge with and into CBRG (the CBRG Merger and Company Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Company Merger and, together with the CBRG Merger, the Mergers ), with CBRG and the Company surviving the Mergers and, after giving effect to such Mergers, each of CBRG and the Company becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HoldCo, on the terms and subject to the conditions in the Business Combination Agreement; (ii) (A) each issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of CBRG (the CBRG Class A Shares will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of HoldCo (the HoldCo Shares and (B) each issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share, par value per share, of CBRG (the CBRG Class B Shares and together with the CBRG Class A Shares, the CBRG Shares), will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive one HoldCo Share; (iii) each outstanding warrant to purchase one CBRG Class A Share will be automatically exchanged for a warrant to purchase one HoldCo Share; and (iv) (A) each warrant of the Company to purchase Company common stock will be exchanged for a warrant to purchase HoldCo Shares; (B) each warrant of the Company to purchase Company preferred stock will be exchanged for a warrant to purchase HoldCo preferred stock; (C) all promissory notes of the Company issued in connection with its June 2024 financing will be exchanged for HoldCo Series A convertible preferred stock, and any remaining issued and outstanding promissory notes of the Company will be automatically and fully cancelled; (D) each share of preferred stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Company Preferred Stock that is issued and outstanding will be automatically converted into shares of HoldCo preferred stock; and (E) all issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (other than treasury shares and shares with respect to which appraisal rights under the Nevada law are properly exercised and not withdrawn) will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive HoldCo Shares based on the exchange ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), (A) HoldCo will file with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada an amended and restated certificate of incorporation of HoldCo, and (B) the board of directors of HoldCo will approve and adopt amended and restated bylaws of HoldCo, each in a form to be mutually agreed between CBRG and the Company. Following the Business Combination, it is anticipated that HoldCo will change its name to Phytanix, Inc. and will be a publicly listed holding company which is expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol PHYX. The Business Combination is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, following the receipt of the required approval by CBRG s and the Company s shareholders and the fulfillment of other customary closing conditions. 12 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) million. In addition, HoldCo will issue shares of HoldCo Series A convertible preferred stock and issue additional shares of HoldCo preferred stock in exchange for certain short term debt obligations of the Company. Representations and Warranties; Covenants The Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type. HoldCo has agreed to take all action as may be necessary or appropriate such that, immediately after the Closing, HoldCo s board of directors will consist of up to seven directors, which shall be divided into three classes and be comprised of seven individuals determined by the Company, the CBRG Sponsor and CBRG prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement ), two of which directors shall be designated by the Company, in consultation with CBRG and the CBRG Sponsor, two of which directors shall be designated by the CBRG Sponsor, in consultation with the Company, and three of which directors shall be mutually agreed upon by the CBRG Sponsor and the Company. In addition, the board of directors of HoldCo will adopt an equity incentive plan and an employee stock purchase plan prior to the closing of the Business Combination. Conditions to Each Party s Obligations The obligation of CBRG, HoldCo, CBRG Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub and the Company to consummate the Business Combination is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the absence of any order, law or other legal restraint or prohibition issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction prohibiting or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, (ii) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be filed by HoldCo, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), registering certain shares of HoldCo to be issued in the Business Combination, (iii) the required approval of the Company s stockholders, (iv) the required approval of CBRG s shareholders, (v) HoldCo having at least of net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (provided such limitation has not been validly removed from the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles of CBRG prior to the Closing Date), (vi) the approval by Nasdaq of HoldCo s initial listing application in connection with the Business Combination, (vii) entry into employment agreements with certain key Company executives, (viii) formation of a capital markets and financing advisory committee made up of certain CBRG directors, (ix) assumption or cancellation of certain existing Company and CBRG notes, and (x) entry into an agreement providing for a million equity line of credit with Keystone Capital Partners, LLC or its affiliates. Termination The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the closing of the Business Combination, including, but not limited to, (i) by mutual written consent of CBRG and the Company, (ii) by CBRG if the representations and warranties of the Company are not true and correct or if the Company fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (including an obligation to consummate the Closing), in each case such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iii) by the Company if the representations and warranties of the Company are not true and correct or if the Company fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (including an obligation to consummate the Closing), in each case such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iv) by either CBRG or the Company if the required approvals are not obtained from CBRG shareholders after the conclusion of a meeting of CBRG s shareholders held for such purpose at which such shareholders voted on such approvals, (v) by either CBRG or the Company, if any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement and such order shall have become final and nonappealable, (vi) by CBRG if the Company does not deliver, or cause to be delivered to CBRG the written consent of the requisite shareholders of the Company adopting and approving the Business Combination and such failure is not cured within specified time periods, and (vii) by either CBRG or the Company if the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement have not been consummated on or prior to the last deadline for CBRG to consummate its initial business combination pursuant to the Articles. If the Business Combination Agreement is validly terminated, none of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement will have any liability or any further obligation under the Business Combination Agreement, except in the case of a willful and material breach or fraud and for customary obligations that survive the termination thereof (such as confidentiality obligations). Sponsor Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, CBRG and the CBRG Sponsor, entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) CBRG Sponsor agreed to vote its Class B Ordinary Shares in favor of each of the transaction proposals to be voted upon at the meeting of CBRG shareholders, including approval of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) CBRG Sponsor agreed to waive any adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in the governing documents of CBRG or any other anti-dilution or similar protection with respect to the Class B Ordinary Shares (whether resulting from the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements (as defined below) or otherwise), and (iii) CBRG Sponsor agreed to be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to his, her or its shares in CBRG prior to the Closing. Company Stockholder Transaction Support Agreements Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company entered into transaction support agreements (collectively, the Company Transaction Support Agreements with CBRG and the Company, pursuant to which such stockholders of the Company agreed to, among other things, (i) vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) be bound by certain covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination. 13 Table of Contents ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) . Secured Loan On June 26, 2024, Alterola Biotech, Inc. entered into a Secured Promissory Note with its subsidiary, Phytanix Bio, in the amount of due on September 26, 2024. The agreement does not call for any interest and may be prepaid at anytime. 2024 Financing On June 26, 2024, certain Financing Investors and Phytanix Bio entered into certain Securities Purchase Agreements pursuant to which, among other things, the Financing Investors agreed to purchase (i) certain promissory notes of Phytanix Bio in the original principal amount of .40, (ii) certain warrants to acquire Phytanix Bio s common shares (Common Warrants ), and (iii) warrants to acquire Phytanix Bio s Series A Preferred Shares. During the three month ended September 30, 2024, Phytanix Bio closed on a portion of the Securities Purchase Agreements, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Financing Investors . Phytanix Bio received net proceeds of , net of offering costs and expenses of . The notes are non-interest bearing and have a maturity date of June 29, 2025. Common Warrants were valued at 216,927, or 1.20, and using the relative fair value method, the Company recorded a debt discount of to be amortized into interest expense over the life of the notes . Loan Agreements On June 26, 2024, the Company agreed to loan CBRG .12, pursuant to an unsecured non-interest bearing promissory note (the Bridge Financing Note ). The maturity date of the Bridge Financing Note is the later of (x) June 29, 2025 and (y) the consummation of the CBRG s initial business combination. The Bridge Financing Note may not be repaid with funds from the trust account that CBRG established for the benefit of its public holders. The proceeds from the Bridge Financing Note will be used (i) to pay off certain working capital loans issued by CBRG to Fulton AC I LLC, (ii) to pay for certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated in the Bridge Financing Note and CBRG s initial business combination and (iii) for other general corporate purposes. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company lent of this agreed upon loan to CBRG. 14 (a) Total current assets (a) Deferred offering costs (b) Total Assets (c) Liabilities: Notes payable, net (d) Accounts payable (j) Accrued liabilities (29,800 )(j) Accrued liabilities- related party (j) Loan payable related party Total current liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Common stock Additional paid in capital (e) Accumulated deficit )(f) Noncontrolling interest )(I) Foreign currency translation adjustment (j) Total Stockholders' Deficit (g) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit (h) a) Increase in cash balance of which was the total cash balance of Phytanix Bio as of June 30, 2024. b) Increase in deferred offering costs of paid by Phytanix Bio. c) Aggregate increase in total assets of from above changes as a result of consolidating Phytanix Bio. d) Increase in notes payable, net of related to the issuance of promissory notes and warrants by Phytanix Bio. e) Increase in additional paid in capital of due to the addition of Phytanix Bio s paid-in-capital attributed to the issuance of warrants in connection with promissory notes. f) Increase in accumulated deficit of due to addition of Phytanix Bio s net loss as a result of consolidating Phytanix Bio and other non-material adjustments. g) Increase of total stockholders deficit of from above changes as a result of consolidating Phytanix Bio. h) Aggregate increase in total liabilities and stockholders deficit of from above changes as a result of consolidating Phytanix Bio. i) Increase in noncontrolling interest of due to addition of Phytanix Bio s as a result of consolidating Phytanix Bio. j) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment of due to non-material adjustments, 15 ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 (Restated) (a) Legal fees (a) Consulting fees (a) General and administrative expenses (b) Total Operating Expenses (b) Loss from Operations )(b) Net Loss )(b) Net loss of subsidiaries attributable to noncontrolling interest )(a) Net Loss Attributable to Common Shareholders )(b) Comprehensive loss a) Increase in various operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2024 due to the consolidation of Phytanix Bio. b) Increase in various operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2024 due to the consolidation of Phytanix Bio and other non-material adjustments. Summary Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited): )(b) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (a) Net Increase In Cash (b) Effect of exchange rate adjustments on cash (b) Cash, end of period (a) a) Increase in various operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2024 due to the consolidation of Phytanix Bio. b) Increase in various operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2024 due to the consolidation of Phytanix Bio and other non-material adjustments. 16 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe-harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Further information concerning our business, including additional factors that could materially affect our financial results, is included herein and in our other filings with the SEC. Overview Our goal is to provide better medicines for patients around the world. We believe in harnessing the therapeutic potential of cannabinoids and cannabinoid- like compounds, which can be developed into valuable treatments for seriously ill patients. Rather than just focusing on one method of identifying, researching and developing such medicines, we are interested in developing new medicines from all sources including botanical, traditional chemical synthesis and biosynthetic methodologies. On May 28, 2021, we acquired ABTI Pharma Limited, a company registered in England and Wales ABTI Pharma ), with the purchase of all of its capital stock in exchange for 600,000,000 shares of our common stock pro rata to the ABTI Pharma shareholders. As a result of the acquisition, we are a pharmaceutical company working with cannabinoid and cannabinoid-like molecules. We have three areas of focus: 1) Development of regulated pharmaceuticals (human and animal health) and regulated food products. This has been achieved via the strategic acquisition of Phytotherapeutix Ltd.; 2) Production of low cost of goods Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) and food-grade ingredients (supported by the strategic acquisition of Ferven Ltd); and 3) Formulation, and drug delivery, providing improved bioavailability, solubility and stability (supported by the exclusive licensing of IP and technology from Nano4M Ltd). Phytotherapeutix Ltd, a subsidiary of ABTI Pharma Ltd, has generated a number of molecules with patents pending, some of which have demonstrable pharmacological activity, similar to that of CBD. This means that some of these molecules are anticipated to have a similar market potential to CBD across a range of therapeutic areas. Ferven Ltd, another subsidiary of ABTI Pharma Ltd, is looking to produce cannabinoids by fermentation. The exclusively licensed organism has the potential to be genetically modified to produce multiple cannabinoids at an anticipated very low cost of goods. It is anticipated that the selected genetically modified organisms will grow very quickly, which in turn, reduces the cost of production. Nano4M Ltd is a company which has exclusively licensed its nano-formulation patents and know-how to ABTI Pharma Ltd. As of April 18, 2023, we acquired intellectual property from Alinova Biosciences Ltd. We acquired Alinova s joint interest in the patent family of PTX 0001. We paid 35,000 Sterling in cash and 5,000,000 shares of ABTI Stock. In November 2021, we acquired assets and IP from C2 Wellness Corporation. The consideration paid was 24,000,000 ABTI shares. On September 08, 2023, we agreed to sell the same assets and IP to C2 Wellness Corporation for a total of 29,015,993 of our shares On April 16, 2024, the Company formed a new subsidiary Phytanix Bio, with 1,000 Common shares and 17,000 Preferred Shares originally being authorized as founding shares. On May 16, 2024, Phytanix Bio amended its articles of incorporation to change the amount of authorized shares capital of Phytanix Bio to 10,000,000 common shares and 100,000 preferred shares. Additionally, the Company authorized the acquisition of 100 of the share capital of ABTI Pharma Ltd and subsidiaries by Phytanix Bio for the consideration of 5,000,000 Phytanix Bio shares. Phytanix Bio was formed to become the parent of ABTI Pharma Limited and its subsidiaries. Phytanix Bio was formed to execute a merger transaction with NASDAQ-listed company Chain Bridge I (NASDAQ: CBRG), which as of the date of this filing has not yet closed. Additionally, we may consider entering into Joint Venture Partnerships, or acquire companies (or be acquired) with complimentary portfolios or enter into Licensing Agreements to enhance the product portfolio. These are strategies the Company may implement and any such opportunities will be assessed on a case-by-case basis and on their merit at the time. Alterola and ABTI Pharma Ltd management have extensive experience, know-how and connections in the cannabinoid medicines sector, and are looking to utilize this knowledge and experience for the development of such medicines from existing cannabinoids and cannabinoid-like molecules. Our address is 47 Hamilton Square Birkenhead Merseyside CH41 5AR United Kingdom. Our telephone number is +44 151 601 9477. Our website is www.alterolabio.com. The company has a fully operational US and a sterling bank account in the United Kingdom with the HSBC Group. 17 Table of Contents We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our websites into this Quarterly Report, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our websites a part of this Quarterly Report. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 We have generated no revenues since inception and we do not anticipate earning revenue until such time that we are able to market and sell our ingredients and / or products / medicines. We incurred operating expenses of 682,822 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, as compared with 585,200 for the same period ended 2023. Our operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2024 were mainly the result of 379,058 in consulting fees, 122,430 in accounting and audit fees, legal fees of 72,781, 43,663 in salaries and wages, and general and administrative expenses of 43,454. By contrast, our operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2023 were mainly the result of 317,741 in consulting fees, 171,000 in directors fees, 48,938 in accounting and audit fees and 35,939 in salaries and wages. The main difference is from the increase in accounting and audit fees as a result of the Phytanix transaction. If we are able to obtain financing, we expect that our operational expenses will increase significantly for the balance of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and beyond. This would be the result of increased research and development expenses associated with our product candidates, the development of those candidates in compliance with regulatory processes, laws and regulations, increased payroll as we take on more help, as well as the expenses associated with our reporting obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We had other income of 28,075 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, as a result of a gain on conversion, compared with 138,163 in other income for the same period ended June 30, 2023 as a result of the gain on the conversion of note. We recorded a net loss of 654,747 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, as compared with 447,037 for the same period ended 2023. As a relatively recently formed pharmaceutical company, the company has limited operations to date, and expects to have reoccurring losses, as is typical with companies in the pharmaceutical industry, for the foreseeable future. As explained above, the company intends to raise capital and ramp up its efforts to bring its product candidates to market. This will require significant capital, product development to continue and complete and momentum on those product candidates through the regulatory process. There are no assurances that we will be able to generate revenues and achieve profitable operations. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of June 30, 2024, we had 715,274 in current assets, consisting mostly of cash in bank of 714,263 and inventories, and current liabilities of 2,440,042. We had a working capital deficit of 1,724,768 as of June 30, 2024, compared with a working capital deficit of 1,329,601 as of March 31, 2024. We had cash used in operating activities of 207,163 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, as compared with cash provided by operations of 310,821 for the same period ended 2023. Our negative operating cash flow the three months ended June 30, 2024 was mainly the result our net loss of 654,747, adjustment for the add back of non-cash expenses related to stock issued for services aggregating 306,635, and changes in operating assets and liabilities such as an increase in accounts payable of 43,038 and accrued liabilities of 97,913. Our positive operating cash flow the three months ended June 30, 2023 was mainly the result of a net loss offset by shares issued for services and net changes in operating assets and liabilities. There was no cash used in investing activities for the three months ended June 30, 2024 as compared to 166,852 for the three months ended June 30, 2023. The cash used in investing for 2023 was related to the acquisition of patent production rights from Alinova Biosciences, Ltd. Financing activities provided 923,003 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, as a result of related party notes and advances of 6,348 and net proceeds from notes payable of 1,176,406, offset by cash used in financing activities of 259,951 related to the payment of deferred offering costs. Financing activities used 38,535 for the three months ended June 30, 2023, as a result of related party notes offset by the conversion of a related party convertible note. Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next 12 months. We intend to fund operations through short-term or long-term debt and/or equity financing arrangements, however this may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements As of June 30, 2024, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. Going Concern Our financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have negative working capital of 1,724,768 as of June 30, 2024, and have incurred losses since inception of 12,981,903. We expect to incur further losses in the development of our business and have been dependent on funding operations from inception. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans include continuing to finance operations through the private or public placement of debt and/or equity securities and the reduction of expenditures. However, no assurance can be given at this time as to whether we will be able to achieve these objectives. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 18 Table of Contents Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of June 30, 2024. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the presence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that, as of June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. Remediation Plan to Address the Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our company plans to take steps to enhance and improve the design of internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2025: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 19 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5 or more of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. Item 1A: Risk Factors Please see the Risk Factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2024, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds On May 9, 2024, 2024, the Company issued a total 39,000,000 shares to Long Eight Limited in exchange for services provided to the company at a price per share of 0.0037 US dollars. On May 16, 2024, the Company issued a total 18,000,000 shares to Long Eight Limited in exchange for services provided to the company at a price per share of 0.0033 US dollars. On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of 7,812,500 shares to Guy Webber in lieu of services provided to the company as per his employment contract, at a price per share of 0.0037 US dollars. On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,000,000 shares to Nathan Thompson in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the company for the period July 01, 2023 to March 31, 2024, at a price per share of 0.0037 US dollars On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,000,000 shares to Ning Qu in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the company for the period July 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, at a price per share of 0.0037 US dollars On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,000,000 shares to Michael Hunter Land in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the company for the period July 01, 2023 to March 31, 2024 at a price per share of 0.0037 US dollars On May 9, 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,000,000 shares to Daniel Reshef in lieu of payment for Director Services provided to the company for the period July 01, 2023 to March 31, 2024 at a price per share of 0.0037 US dollars. On August 13, 2024, the Company issued a total of 2,114,666 shares to Guy Webber in lieu of services provided to the company as per his employment contract. On August 13, 2024, the shares which were held in escrow as part payment for services provided by Bridgeway Capital Partners as per an agreement dated June 24, 2022, were returned to Alterola Company Treasury, as Bridgeway Capital Partners waived their right to this payment. These securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The holders represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate information about us to make an informed investment decision. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 20 Table of Contents Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information On July 22, 2024, Chain Bridge I, a Cayman Islands exempted company CBRG ), CB Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation HoldCo ), CB Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company CBRG Merger Sub ), Phytanix Bio, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and majority owned subsidiary of Alterola Biotech, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and CB Merger Sub 2, Inc., a Nevada corporation Company Merger Sub ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ). Phytanix Bio is a subsidiary of Alterola Biotech, Inc., and Phytanix is the parent company of ABTI Pharma, which holds the subsidiaries, Ferven and Phyto. Phytanix Bio is an innovative pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of therapeutics based on cannabinoid, cannabinoid-like and non-cannabinoid molecules. CBRG is a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of acquiring or merging with one or more businesses. Upon closing of the transaction, expected to occur in the first quarter of 2025, the combined company will be named Phytanix Inc., and its common stock is expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol PHYX. The Business Combination The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of the Company and CBRG. The Business Combination Agreement provides for, among other things, the consummation of the following transactions (the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, collectively, the Business Combination ): (i) CBRG Merger Sub will merge with and into CBRG (the CBRG Merger and Company Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Company Merger and, together with the CBRG Merger, the Mergers ), with CBRG and the Company surviving the Mergers and, after giving effect to such Mergers, each of CBRG and the Company becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HoldCo, on the terms and subject to the conditions in the Business Combination Agreement; (ii) (A) each issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of CBRG (the CBRG Class A Shares will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of HoldCo (the HoldCo Shares and (B) each issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of CBRG (the CBRG Class B Shares and together with the CBRG Class A Shares, the CBRG Shares), will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive one HoldCo Share; (iii) each outstanding warrant to purchase one CBRG Class A Share will be automatically exchanged for a warrant to purchase one HoldCo Share; and (iv) (A) each warrant of the Company to purchase Company common stock will be exchanged for a warrant to purchase HoldCo Shares; (B) each warrant of the Company to purchase Company preferred stock will be exchanged for a warrant to purchase HoldCo preferred stock; (C) all promissory notes of the Company issued in connection with its June 2024 financing will be exchanged for HoldCo Series A convertible preferred stock, and any remaining issued and outstanding promissory notes of the Company will be automatically and fully cancelled; (D) each share of preferred stock, par value 0.000000001 per share, of the Company (the Company Preferred Stock that is issued and outstanding will be automatically converted into shares of HoldCo preferred stock; and (E) all issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (other than treasury shares and shares with respect to which appraisal rights under the Nevada law are properly exercised and not withdrawn) will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive HoldCo Shares based on the exchange ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), (A) HoldCo will file with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada an amended and restated certificate of incorporation of HoldCo, and (B) the board of directors of HoldCo will approve and adopt amended and restated bylaws of HoldCo, each in a form to be mutually agreed between CBRG and the Company. Following the Business Combination, it is anticipated that HoldCo will change its name to Phytanix, Inc. and will be a publicly listed holding company which is expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol PHYX. The Business Combination is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, following the receipt of the required approval by CBRG s and the Company s shareholders and the fulfillment of other customary closing conditions. Consideration Under the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid in the Business Combination is derived from an equity value of 58 million. In addition, HoldCo will issue 17,000 shares of HoldCo Series A convertible preferred stock and issue additional shares of HoldCo preferred stock in exchange for certain short term debt obligations of the Company. Representations and Warranties; Covenants The Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type. HoldCo has agreed to take all action as may be necessary or appropriate such that, immediately after the Closing, HoldCo s board of directors will consist of up to seven directors, which shall be divided into three classes and be comprised of seven individuals determined by the Company, the CBRG Sponsor and CBRG prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement ), two of which directors shall be designated by the Company, in consultation with CBRG and the CBRG Sponsor, two of which directors shall be designated by the CBRG Sponsor, in consultation with the Company, and three of which directors shall be mutually agreed upon by the CBRG Sponsor and the Company. In addition, the board of directors of HoldCo will adopt an equity incentive plan and an employee stock purchase plan prior to the closing of the Business Combination. 21 Table of Contents Conditions to Each Party s Obligations The obligation of CBRG, HoldCo, CBRG Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub and the Company to consummate the Business Combination is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the absence of any order, law or other legal restraint or prohibition issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction prohibiting or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, (ii) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be filed by HoldCo, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), registering certain shares of HoldCo to be issued in the Business Combination, (iii) the required approval of the Company s stockholders, (iv) the required approval of CBRG s shareholders, (v) HoldCo having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (provided such limitation has not been validly removed from the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles of CBRG prior to the Closing Date), (vi) the approval by Nasdaq of HoldCo s initial listing application in connection with the Business Combination, (vii) entry into employment agreements with certain key Company executives, (viii) formation of a capital markets and financing advisory committee made up of certain CBRG directors, (ix) assumption or cancellation of certain existing Company and CBRG notes, and (x) entry into an agreement providing for a 100 million equity line of credit with Keystone Capital Partners, LLC or its affiliates. Termination The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the closing of the Business Combination, including, but not limited to, (i) by mutual written consent of CBRG and the Company, (ii) by CBRG if the representations and warranties of the Company are not true and correct or if the Company fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (including an obligation to consummate the Closing), in each case such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iii) by the Company if the representations and warranties of the Company are not true and correct or if the Company fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (including an obligation to consummate the Closing), in each case such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iv) by either CBRG or the Company if the required approvals are not obtained from CBRG shareholders after the conclusion of a meeting of CBRG s shareholders held for such purpose at which such shareholders voted on such approvals, (v) by either CBRG or the Company, if any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement and such order shall have become final and nonappealable, (vi) by CBRG if the Company does not deliver, or cause to be delivered to CBRG the written consent of the requisite shareholders of the Company adopting and approving the Business Combination and such failure is not cured within specified time periods, and (vii) by either CBRG or the Company if the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement have not been consummated on or prior to the last deadline for CBRG to consummate its initial business combination pursuant to the Articles. If the Business Combination Agreement is validly terminated, none of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement will have any liability or any further obligation under the Business Combination Agreement, except in the case of a willful and material breach or fraud and for customary obligations that survive the termination thereof (such as confidentiality obligations). A copy of the Business Combination Agreement is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. The Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating such agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants in the Business Combination Agreement are also modified in important part by the underlying disclosure schedules which are not filed publicly and which are subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally applicable to stockholders and were used for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. The Company does not believe that these schedules contain information that is material to an investment decision. Sponsor Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, CBRG and the CBRG Sponsor, entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) CBRG Sponsor agreed to vote its Class B Ordinary Shares in favor of each of the transaction proposals to be voted upon at the meeting of CBRG shareholders, including approval of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) CBRG Sponsor agreed to waive any adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in the governing documents of CBRG or any other anti-dilution or similar protection with respect to the Class B Ordinary Shares (whether resulting from the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements (as defined below) or otherwise), and (iii) CBRG Sponsor agreed to be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to his, her or its shares in CBRG prior to the Closing. Company Stockholder Transaction Support Agreements Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company entered into transaction support agreements (collectively, the Company Transaction Support Agreements with CBRG and the Company, pursuant to which such stockholders of the Company agreed to, among other things, (i) vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) be bound by certain covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination. The form of the Company Transaction Support Agreement is filed with this Quarterly Report as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Financing Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Investor Rights Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, CBRG, HoldCo, the CBRG Sponsor, and certain Company stockholders entered into an investor rights agreement (the Investor Rights Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the CBRG Sponsor, and certain Company stockholders will be granted certain customary registration rights. Further, subject to customary exceptions set forth in the Investor Rights Agreement, the shares of HoldCo beneficially owned or owned of record by the CBRG Sponsor, certain officers and directors of CBRG and HoldCo (including any shares of HoldCo issued pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement) will be subject to a lock-up period beginning on the date the Closing occurs (the Closing Date until the date that is the earlier of (i) 365 days following the Closing Date (or six months after the Closing Date if a lock up party is an independent director) or (ii) the first date subsequent to the Closing Date with respect to which the closing price of HoldCo Shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing Date. 22 Table of Contents The form of the Investor Rights Agreement is filed with this Quarterly Report as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Investor Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Secured Loan On June 26, 2024, Alterola Biotech, Inc. entered into a Secured Promissory Note with its subsidiary, Phytanix Bio. The form of the Secured Promissory Note is filed with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Secured Promissory Note is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 2024 Financing On June 26, 2024, certain investors (the Financing Investors and Phytanix Bio entered into certain Securities Purchase Agreements pursuant to which, among other things, the Financing Investors agreed to purchase (i) certain promissory notes of Phytanix Bio in the original principal amount of 4,413,650.40, (ii) certain warrants to acquire Phytanix Bio s common shares (Common Warrants ), and (iii) warrants to acquire Phytanix Bio s Series A Preferred Shares. As of June 30, 2024, Phytanix Bio closed on a portion of the Securities Purchase Agreements, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Financing Investors (i) promissory notes in the principal amount of 1,809,337 and (ii) three-year warrants to purchase up to 180,933 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of 11.00 per share, subject to adjustment. Phytanix Bio received net proceeds of 1,176,406, net of offering costs and expenses of 632,931. The notes are non-interest bearing and have a maturity date of June 29, 2025. The form of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the form of Bridge Financing Note, the form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant and the forms of Preferred Stock Purchase Warrants in the 2024 Financing are filed with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 as Exhibits 10.3, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 and 4.6 are incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of such documents is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Loan Agreement On June 26, 2024, the Company agreed to loan CBRG 1,590,995.12, pursuant to an unsecured non-interest bearing promissory note (the Bridge Financing Note ). The maturity date of the Bridge Financing Note is the later of (x) June 29, 2025 and (y) the consummation of the CBRG s initial business combination. The Bridge Financing Note may not be repaid with funds from the trust account that CBRG established for the benefit of its public holders. The proceeds from the Bridge Financing Note will be used (i) to pay off certain working capital loans issued by CBRG to Fulton AC I LLC, (ii) to pay for certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated in the Bridge Financing Note and CBRG s initial business combination and (iii) for other general corporate purposes. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company lent 1,063,235 of this agreed upon loan to CBRG. The form of the Bridge Financing Note is filed with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 as Exhibit 4.2 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Bridge Financing Note is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 23 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated July 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 4.1 Secured Promissory Note, dated June 26, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 4.2 Form of Bridge Financing Note, dated June 26, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 4.3 Form of Promissory Note in 2024 Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 4.4 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant in 2024 Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 4.5 Form of Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Warrant in 2024 Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 4.6 Form of Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Warrant in 2024 Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 10.1 Form of Company Shareholder Transaction Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 10.2 Form of Investor Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement in 2024 Financing (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed on August 15, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL). Provided herewith 24 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Alterola Biotech, Inc. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ David Hitchcock David Hitchcock Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Nathan Thompson Nathan Thompson Title: Chief Financial Officer and Director 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 abti_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 abti_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, David Hitchcock, certify that; 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended June 30, 2024 of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ David Hitchcock David Hitchcock Title: Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 abti_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 abti_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Nathan Thompson, certify that 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended June 30, 2024 of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Nathan Thompson Nathan Thompson Title: Chief Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 abti_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 abti_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, David Hitchcock, Chief Executive Officer and I, Nathan Thompson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations of the Company for the periods presented. By: /s/ David Hitchcock Name: David Hitchcock Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Nathan Thompson Name: Nathan Thompson Title: Chief Financial Officer and Director Date: November 22, 2024 This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 abti-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 abti-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 abti-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 abti-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

