<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241218_10-Q_edgar_data_2000640_0001213900-24-109877.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4042502</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105459</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1066832</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>683065</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>956965</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1152330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-109877.hdr.sgml : 20241218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241217183941
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-109877
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Damon Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002000640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42190
		FILM NUMBER:		241557163

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		169 BATH ROAD
		CITY:			SLOUGH
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			4DXUK
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087022167

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		169 BATH ROAD
		CITY:			SLOUGH
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			4DXUK

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Grafiti Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-109877.txt : 20241218

10-Q
 1
 ea0224015-10q_damon.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________
to _______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on 
which each is registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject t o
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 17, 2024, there were common shares, no par
value, issued and outstanding. 

DAMON INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Other Information Contained in this Report 
 ii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 F-1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 F-2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 1 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 11 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 11 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 12 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 12 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 12 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 12 

Signatures 
 13 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND OTHER INFORMATION 

CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q (this Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are based on our management s
current expectations, assumptions or forecasts of future events based on information currently available to our management. You can identify
these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many (but not all) of these
statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, would, 
 should, could, may or other similar expressions in this Form 10-Q. In particular, these include
statements relating to future actions; prospective products, applications, customers and technologies; future performance or results of
anticipated products; anticipated expenses; and projected financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or
projections. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to: 

our history of losses; 

our ability to implement our growth strategy and achieve profitability; 

our limited operating history with recent acquisitions; 

our ability to obtain adequate financing in the future as needed; 

customer demand for or acceptance of the products and services we develop or supply; 

the impact of competitive or alternative products, technologies and pricing; 

emerging competition and rapidly advancing technology in our industry that may outpace our technology; 

our ability to manufacture or distribute any products we develop or supply, and to secure and maintain strategic supply and manufacturing
arrangements; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property; 

impact of any changes in existing or future regulatory and tax regimes applying to our business; 

our ability to successfully consummate strategic transactions and integrate companies or technologies we acquire; 

Our ability to attract and retain management and other employees who possess specialized knowledge and technical skills; 

general economic conditions and events and the impact they may have on us and our customers, including, but not limited to increases
in inflation rates and rates of interest, supply chain challenges, increased costs for materials and labor, cybersecurity threats, other
lingering impacts resulting from COVID-19, and conflicts such as those in Russia/Ukraine and Israel/Hamas; 

our ability to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Global Market; 

our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items; and 

other factors discussed in this Form 10-Q. 

We may not actually achieve
the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking
statements we make. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this Form 10-Q, particularly in the Risk
Factors section, that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements
that we make. Some of these risks and uncertainties may be amplified in the future and there may be additional risks that we currently
consider immaterial, or which are unknown. 

You should read this Form 10-Q and the documents
that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-Q is based only on information currently available
to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

ii 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

On December 27, 2023 (the record date ),
we were spun off by our former parent company, XTI Aerospace Inc., formerly known as Inpixon (the Parent or Inpixon ),
by means of a transfer of all of our then outstanding common shares held by the Parent (the spinoff shares to the Grafiti
Holding Inc. Liquidating Trust (the trust ), to be held for the benefit of holders of the Parent s common stock, preferred
stock and those outstanding warrants that were contractually entitled to participate in the distribution (collectively, the participating
Parent securityholders ). Following the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form 10-12B filed in connection with the
spinoff (the Form 10 Registration Statement on November 12, 2024, the trust delivered the spinoff shares to the participating
Parent securityholders, as beneficiaries of the trust, pro rata in accordance with their ownership of shares or underlying shares of the
Parent s common stock as of the record date. 

On November 13, 2024, we completed a business combination
transaction with Damon Motors Inc. Damon Motors ), resulting in Damon Motors becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Business
Combination ). Upon completion of the Business Combination with Damon Motors, we changed our corporate name from Grafiti
Holding Inc. to Damon Inc. For further information about these transactions, please refer to the current report on
Form 8-K filed by the us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on November 18, 2024 (the November
18, 2024 8-K ). 

Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise
requires, we, the Company, us, our and similar terms refer to Damon Inc. Damon ),
formerly known as Grafiti Holding Inc. Grafiti Holding ), and as appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

iii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information which are
the accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States of America and in accordance with the instructions for Form
10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete
financial statements. 

In the opinion of management, the condensed consolidated
financial statements contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented. 

The results for the period ended September 30,
2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full year. These financial statements and related notes should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our audited consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, which were included in the information statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to our
amended registration statement on Form 10-12B filed with the SEC on September 26, 2024. 

F- 1 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of September 30, 2024 

As of June 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Note receivable, net of and allowance for credit losses 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Long term debt, net 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common Stock - par value, unlimited shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

() 

() 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Acquisition-related costs 

Provision for credit losses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income/(Expense) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Total Other Income/(Expense) 

Net Loss, before provision for income taxes 

Income tax benefit (provision) 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Net Loss 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss from cumulative translation adjustments 

Comprehensive Loss 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

(UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - July 1, 2023 (retroactively adjusted) 

Net investments from Inpixon 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2023 (retroactively adjusted) 

Balance - July 1, 2024 

Stock options exercised 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Cash Flows (Used In) Provided by Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of original issue discount 

Provision for credit losses 

Accrued interest income 

Accrued interest expense 

Accrued monitoring fee expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 

Loan to Damon Motors 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash From Financing Activities 

Proceeds from long term debt 

Cash received from exercise of stock options 

Net investments from Inpixon 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate on Changes on Cash 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

of acquisition related costs related to the Damon Business
Combination Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. These costs are included in the acquisition-related costs line
in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. See Note 14. 

F- 7 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

, inclusive of cash of . For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a
net loss of and net cash used in operating activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was . As the
Company was part of Inpixon group of companies prior to December 27, 2023, the Company was dependent upon Inpixon for all of its working
capital and financing requirements as Inpixon uses a centralized approach to cash management and financing of its operations. This arrangement
is not reflective of the way the Company would have financed its operations had the Company been a standalone public company during the
periods presented. Prior to December 27, 2023, financial transactions relating to the Company are accounted for through Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit). Accordingly, none of Inpixon s cash, cash equivalents, or debt at the corporate level have been assigned to the
Company in the condensed consolidated financial statements. As a result of the Grafiti Holding Spin-off, the Company will no longer participate
in Inpixon s corporate-wide cash management and financing approach, and therefore the Company s ability to fund operating
needs will depend on the Company s ability to generate positive cash flows from operations, and on the Company s ability to
obtain debt financing on acceptable terms or to issue additional equity or equity-linked securities as needed. 

F- 8 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

under the November 2024 Debt Financing, and on November 20, 2024 the remaining of the funds
placed in escrow under the Streeterville Note (as defined below) were released to the Company which has increased the Company s
available source of funding and, accordingly, it is expected that the Company will have sufficient working capital and available funds
to continue operations for at least twelve (12) months following the date these financial statements are issued. 

F- 9 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

, net of the allowance for expected credit losses of as of September 30, 2024 and , net of the
allowance for expected credit losses of , as of June 30, 2024. 

F- 10 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

and as
of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, related to cash received in advance for product license and maintenance services
to be performed in future periods. The Company expects to satisfy its remaining performance obligations for these license and maintenance
services, and recognize the deferred revenue and related contract costs over the next twelve months. The Company recognized revenue of
 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period. 

F- 11 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

F- 12 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Non-recurring revenue 

Revenue recognized over time (2) 

Total 

F- 13 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

(the Grafiti Holding Note ). In accordance
with the terms of the Grafiti Holding Note, the Company must loan to Damon Motors, at Damon Motors s request, additional funds up
to an aggregate principal amount, including the original principal amount, of . On September 25, 2024, the Grafiti Holding Note
was amended to increase the maximum principal amount available for borrowing to . The Grafiti Holding Note accrues interest
at a rate of per year. The debt and accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable the earlier of (a) December 31, 2024, (b) when
declared due and payable by the Company upon the occurrence of an event of default, or (c) within three business days following termination
of the Damon Business Combination Agreement. Concurrent with the original principal amount provided to Damon Motors, the Company also
loaned an additional to Damon Motors on June 26, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company loaned Damon
Motors an additional . The principal balance of the Grafiti Holding Note was and as of September 30, 2024
and June 30, 2024, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized 
and of interest income from the Grafiti Holding Note, respectively, which is included in the Other Income/Expense section of the condensed
consolidated statements of operations. The total interest accrued as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was and , respectively,
and is included in the Other Current Assets line of the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Less: allowance for credit losses 

Note receivable, net 

Current note receivable, net 

Note receivable, net 

Provision 

Balance at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

There were neither charges against the allowance
nor recoveries of previously written off amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

The Company s Grafiti Holding Note represents
a variable interest in Damon Motors. As such, the Company applied ASC 810 to assess whether the Company is the primary beneficiary and
Damon Motors should be consolidated. The Company determined they are not the primary beneficiary, as the Company does not have the power
to direct the activities that most significantly affect Damon Motors s economic performance. The Company s support to Damon
Motors, and the Company s maximum exposure, consists only of the Grafiti Holding Note outlined above. The primary reason for the
financial support is to assist Damon Motors operations until the close of the merger. As such, the Company concluded the Damon
Motors legal entity should not be consolidated. 

F- 14 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Accrued bonus and commissions 

Accrued interest expense 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued sales and other indirect taxes payable 

(the Streeterville Note ). The Streeterville Note accrues interest on the outstanding balance of the note at the rate of
 per annum, and all principal plus accrued interest is due and payable in December 2025. and of issuance costs to cover legal, accounting, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction
costs. On the same day, the Investor paid the purchase price of as follows: (a) to the Company; (b) to
Damon Motors as a senior secured loan from the Company to Damon Motors (the Grafiti Holding Note ), and (c) into
escrow, which will be distributed to the Company upon satisfaction of certain conditions including : (a) consummation of the Business Combination;
(b) the combined company s common shares being listed on Nasdaq; and (c) immediately following the closing of the Business Combination,
the combined company having no outstanding debt other than the Streeterville Note, certain other specified debts and trade payables incurred
in the ordinary course of business (the Escrow Conditions ). Pursuant to the escrow agreement, if the Escrow Conditions have
not been satisfied by August 31, 2024 (the Deadline Date ), the escrow agent may return the escrow amount to the Investor
and the Guaranties in favor of Streeterville (as defined below) to Damon Motors and Damon Motors Corporation, a Delaware corporation and
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Damon Motors. In accordance with the amendments to the escrow agreement, the Deadline Date has been extended
to November 30, 2024, Additionally, starting on the earlier of 13 months after the closing of the Business Combination or January 1, 2026,
the Investor may require the borrower to redeem up to one-sixth of the note s initial principal and accrued interest monthly, and
any unexercised redemption amounts can be carried over to future months. The Company has also agreed to not issue or sell and equity securities
for capital raising purposes without the Investor s prior consent. Additionally, the second amendment to the escrow agreement allows
for the release of funds at the discretion of the investor even if the funding conditions have not been satisfied. On September 23, 2024,
 of the funds placed in escrow were released to the Company. On November 20, 2024 the remaining of the funds placed
in escrow were released to the Company. 

F- 15 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Note (net of and unamortized debt discount and issuance costs) Total Long-Term Debt 

Debt discount and issuance costs in the amount
of related to the Streeterville Note was recorded as a contra liability within long-term debt, which will be amortized over the
term of the note. An additional of debt discount was recorded as a contra liability within long-term debt during the three months
ended September 30, 2024 with the release of a portion of the funds placed in escrow. Additional debt discount and issuance costs will
be recorded as the Company receives the remaining portions of the Streeterville Note. Interest expense on long-term debt for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 totaled which includes of interest expense, of amortized debt discount and 
of monitoring fee amortization. There was no interest expense in the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

The Company had no short-term or long-term debt
in the three months ended or as of September 30, 2023. 

, and the Share Reserve shall
automatically increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2025, by a number of shares equal to the greatest of
(i) shares, (ii) twenty percent of the outstanding common shares on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar
quarter, or (iii) such number of common shares determined by the committee delegated by the Company s board of directors. As of
September 30, 2024, there were no un-exercised options granted to consultants of the Company and options were available for
future grant under the Plan. 

Incentive stock options granted under the Plan
are granted at exercise prices not less than of the estimated fair market value of the underlying common shares at date of grant.
The exercise price per share for incentive stock options may not be less than of the estimated fair value of the underlying common
shares on the grant date for any individual possessing more that of the total outstanding common shares of the Company. Options granted
under the Plan vest over periods ranging from immediately to and are exercisable over periods not exceeding . 

As of September 30, 2024, there were non-vested
stock options and no unrecognized stock option compensation so the fair value of non-vested options was million. 

All of the of stock options granted
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 were exercised on various dates between August 21, 2024 and September 4, 2024 for which the
Company received for the exercise of the stock options which is included on the Common Stock line of the condensed consolidated
statements of changes in stockholders equity (deficit). 

F- 16 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY
GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeitures 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

of revenues. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company
had one customer that accounted for of revenues. 

As of September 30, 2024, three customers
represented approximately of total accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2023, four customers represented approximately of
total accounts receivable. 

As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024,
the majority of cost of goods sold was related to related party expenses as discussed in Note 11. Therefore, there are no significant
concentrations of purchases or accounts payable. 

for the three months ended September
30, 2023. 

owned by Nadir Ali who was a director and officer of Damon as of September
30, 2024. Nadir Ali resigned as director and officer of Damon upon the closing of the Business Combination on November 13, 2024. Under
the Distributor Agreement, Grafiti LLC granted Grafiti Limited a non-exclusive, non-transferable right and license to market and distribute
SAVES (statistical analytics and visualization) products in the United Kingdom and other agreed-upon territories. Grafiti Limited will
pay Grafiti LLC the then-current prices for the products, subject to a discount of up to if certain revenue targets are met or other
arrangements agreed upon by the parties. The deemed effective date of the Distributor Agreement is retroactive to January 1, 2024, and
will remain in effect for one year from the effective date, automatically renewing for successive one-year periods unless either party
provides advance notice prior to the end of the current term to not extend. Either party may terminate the agreement without cause by
providing at least 90 days prior written notice, or immediately for specified reasons, including an uncured breach or bankruptcy.
As of June 30, 2024 Grafiti Limited owed Grafiti LLC under the agreement which is included in the Accounts Payable line on the
condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company has recorded the amounts related to the recognized revenue during the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as cost of revenues on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations of 
and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 Grafiti Limited owed Grafiti LLC under the agreement which is included in the Accounts
Payable line on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 17 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.) 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 AND 2023 

per month, with the amount subject
to a annual increase by Grafiti LLC. The Administrative Support Service Agreement is deemed to have commenced on January 1, 2024, and
remains in effect for one year from the effective date, automatically renewing for successive one-year periods unless either party provides
advance notice prior to the end of the current term to not extend. The Company has recorded these amounts as general and administrative
costs on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations of and for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, Grafiti Limited owed Grafiti LLC under the agreement which is included
in the Accounts Payable line on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

per month which expires on April 30, 2025. The Company also has a storage space
lease that it retains for per month that renews on an annual basis in October of each year. 

F- 18 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.)
 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

per month for services rendered to the Company
since April 1, 2024 until the end of the month of the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to which Mr. Ali will advise on public
company reporting and compliance matters, business development, growth strategies and other operational matters as requested. 

As compensation under the consulting agreement,
Mr. Ali is entitled to a fee of upon closing the Business Combination and his monthly fee will increase to per month
beginning on the first of each month following the closing of the Business Combination through the remainder of the term of the agreement. 

Unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to
the consulting agreement, the agreement will continue for a period of six months following the closing of the Business Combination which
may be extended for additional terms, upon mutual consent. The Company has the right to terminate the consulting agreement with 30 days 
notice; however, if it is terminated by the Company prior to the six month anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination (the
 Ali Guaranteed Period for any reason other than the gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct of Mr. Ali, the
monthly fee will continue to be paid for the remainder of the Ali Guaranteed Period. Mr. Ali has the right to terminate the consulting
agreement with 30 days notice for specified reasons, including the Company s failure to make timely payments, gross negligence,
recklessness, willful misconduct, or the filing of bankruptcy by the Company. In such cases, the monthly fee for the remainder of the
Ali Guaranteed Period will continue to be paid. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company owed Mr.
Ali for services provided under the consulting agreement. 

Melanie Figueroa 

The Company entered into a consulting agreement
on September 25, 2024 with Ms. Figueroa pursuant to which it agreed to pay a fee of per month for services rendered to the Company
since April 1, 2024 until the end of the month of the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to which Ms. Figueroa will provide
advisory services with respect to her knowledge and expertise related to Company s public company reporting and compliance matters
and corporate business development and growth strategies. 

As compensation under the consulting agreement,
Ms. Figueroa is entitled to a fee of upon closing the Business Combination and her monthly fee will increase to per month
beginning on the first of each month following the closing of the Business Combination through the remainder of the term of the agreement. 

Unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to
the consulting agreement, the agreement will continue for a period of six months following the closing of the Business Combination which
may be extended for additional terms, upon mutual consent. The Company has the right to terminate the consulting agreement with 30 days 
notice; however, if it is terminated by the Company prior to the six month anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination (the
 Figueroa Guaranteed Period for any reason other than the gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct of Ms. Figueroa,
the monthly fee will continue to be paid for the remainder of the Figueroa Guaranteed Period. Ms. Figueroa has the right to terminate
the consulting agreement with 30 days notice for specified reasons, including the Company s failure to make timely payments,
gross negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct, or the filing of bankruptcy by the Company. In such cases, the monthly fee for the
remainder of the Figueroa Guaranteed Period will continue to be paid. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company owed Ms.
Figueroa for services provided under the consulting agreement. 

F- 19 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.)
 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

per month for services rendered to the
Company since April 1, 2024 until the end of the month of the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to which Mrs. Loundermon will
provide advisory services with respect to her knowledge and expertise regarding the transition of the Company s financial reporting
function to ensure continuity of business operations. 

As compensation under the consulting agreement,
Mrs. Loundermon is entitled to a fee of upon closing the Business Combination and her monthly fee will increase to per
month beginning on the first of each month following the closing of the Business Combination through the remainder of the term of the
agreement. 

Unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to
the consulting agreement, the agreement will continue for a period of six months following the closing of the Business Combination which
may be extended for additional terms, upon mutual consent. The Company has the right to terminate the consulting agreement with 30 days 
notice; however, if it is terminated by the Company prior to the six month anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination (the
 Loundermon Guaranteed Period for any reason other than the gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct of Mrs.
Loundermon, the monthly fee will continue to be paid for the remainder of the Loundermon Guaranteed Period. Mrs. Loundermon has the right
to terminate the consulting agreement with 30 days notice for specified reasons, including the Company s failure to make
timely payments, gross negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct, or the filing of bankruptcy by the Company. In such cases, the monthly
fee for the remainder of the Loundermon Guaranteed Period will continue to be paid. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company owed Mrs.
Loundermon for services provided under the consulting agreement. 

F- 20 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.)
 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

for resulting in the distribution of Trust Shares to participating Parent
securityholders. 

Amalgamation 

Also as described in Note 1, on October 23, 2023,
the Company, Parent, Damon Motors, and Amalco Sub entered into the Damon Business Combination Agreement. On November 13, 2024, Damon Motors
and Amalco Sub amalgamated to continue as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Amalgamation ). Following the Amalgamation,
the Company was renamed Damon Inc. (also referred to herein as the combined company ). Pursuant to the Plan
of Arrangement under the laws of British Columbia, as contemplated in the Damon Business Combination Agreement, securityholders of Damon
Motors exchanged their securities of Damon Motors for amalgamation consideration consisting of: 

(i) common shares
of the Company, also known as Subordinate Voting Shares 

(ii) multiple voting
shares of the Company, which are convertible into common shares of the Company on a 1 for 1 basis, issued to Jay Giraud, the combined
company s CEO and director, and its controlled entity, 

(iii) warrants to purchase
 common shares of the Company at an exercise price of per share, with terms substantially similar to those of Damon Motors s
warrants, issued to former Damon Motors warrant holders, and 

(iv) options to purchase 
common shares at exercise prices between and , issued to former Damon Motors option holders under the Company s equity
incentive plans. 

The exchanges are based on an exchange ratio determined
according to the formula in the Damon Business Combination Agreement. 

The combined company commenced trading on the
Nasdaq Global Market on November 18, 2024 under the symbol DMN . 

As a result of the closing of the Business Combination,
a change in control of the Company has occurred, and Damon Motors became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Following the issuance
of the amalgamation consideration pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, the Company s security holders immediately prior to the effective
time of the Amalgamation (the Effective Time retained beneficial ownership of approximately of the outstanding common
shares of the Company on a fully-diluted basis and Damon Motors security holders immediately prior to the Effective Time acquired beneficial
ownership of common shares amounting to approximately of the outstanding common shares of the Company on a fully-diluted basis. 

Creation of Multiple Voting Shares 

Prior to the Effective Time, on November 12, 2024, the Company filed
a Notice of Alteration with the Province of British Columbia Registrar of Companies to amend its Notice of Articles to, among other things,
reflect the amended articles of the Company authorizing, among other things, the creation of a class of Multiple Voting Shares and setting
out the rights and restrictions attaching to the Multiple Voting Shares and the common shares. 

F- 21 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.)
 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

,
whereby the Company granted to Streeterville a security interest in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its assets, and
(b) Damon Motors entered into a security agreement with Streeterville, whereby Damon Motors granted to Streeterville a security interest
in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its assets, and (c) Damon Motors entered into an IP security agreement with Streeterville,
whereby Damon Motors granted to Streeterville a security interest in certain of its intellectual property. Streeterville s security
over the Company s assets ranks pari passu with the security granted under the November 2024 Debt Financing (as described in greater
detail below) pursuant to an intercreditor agreement dated as of November 13, 2024 (the Intercreditor Agreement ). 

November 2024 Debt Financing 

East-West 

On November 13, 2024, the Company and East West
Utah limited liability company, an affiliate of Streeterville, entered into a note purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed
to sell, and East West agreed to purchase, a secured promissory note in an aggregate original principal amount of (the East
West Note (the East West Financing ). The East West Note carries an original issue discount of . For as
long as the East West funding conditions (as defined in the East West Note) are satisfied on each applicable funding date (unless waived
by East West), the proceeds from the East West Note will be funded in tranches in accordance with the following schedule: (a) 
on January 31, 2025, (b) on April 30, 2025, (c) on July 31, 2025, and (d) on September 30, 2025. 

For each in funds the Company raises in
the sale of any of its equity shares in a financing for the purpose of raising capital as part of any public offering of its equity securities
pursuant to a registration statement, at East West s sole election, East West may reduce its next funding obligation by . The
East West Note will mature on the date that is months from issuance of the initial tranche of funding thereunder. For each funded
by lender under the East West Note, an additional in original issue discount will be added to the outstanding balance. It bears
interest at per annum, which will increase to or the maximum permitted by applicable law upon the occurrence of an event of default
(as defined in the East West Note). In such an event, East West may declare the outstanding balance, multiplied by 110 , immediately due.
Upon a change of control, the balance, multiplied by 110 , will also become due. 

Beginning on the date that is the earlier of (i)
thirteen months from the closing date of the Business Combination and (ii) January 1, 2026, East West shall have the right to require
the Company to redeem up to an aggregate of one sixth of the initial principal balance of the East West Note plus any interest accrued
thereunder each month (each monthly exercise, a East West Monthly Redemption Amount by providing written notice to the
Company, provided however that if East West does not exercise the East West Monthly Redemption Amount in a corresponding month, then such
East West Monthly Redemption Amount shall be available for East West to redeem in any future month in addition to such future month s
East West Monthly Redemption Amount. 

In connection with the East West Financing, Damon
Motors Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Damon (the Damon Motors Subsidiary ), and Damon
Motors each entered into a guaranty, dated as of November 13, 2024, whereby Damon Motors and the Damon Motors Subsidiary guaranteed the
performance of the Company s obligations under the East West Note. 

F- 22 

DAMON INC. (FORMERLY GRAFITI HOLDING INC.)
 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Additionally, the Company s obligations
under the East West Note are secured. On November 13, 2024, prior to the closing of the Business Combination, (a) Damon entered a security
agreement with East West whereby Damon granted to East West a security interest in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its
assets, and (b) Damon Motors entered into a security agreement with East West whereby Damon Motors granted to East West a security interest
in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its assets, and (c) Damon Motors entered into an IP security agreement with East
West whereby Damon Motors granted to East West a security interest in certain of its intellectual property. 

Braebeacon 

On November 13, 2024, the Company and Braebeacon
Holdings Inc. BHI entered into a note purchase agreement (the BHI Note Purchase Agreement pursuant to which
the Company agreed to sell, and BHI agreed to purchase, a secured promissory note in an aggregate original principal amount of 8,385,000
(the BHI Note (the BHI Financing together with the East West Financing, the November 2024 Debt Financing ).
The BHI Note carries an original issue discount of 1,885,000. For as long as the BHI funding conditions (as defined in the BHI Note)
are satisfied on each applicable funding date (unless waived by BHI, the proceeds from the BHI Note will be funded in tranches in accordance
with the following schedule: (a) 2,000,000 on January 31, 2025, (b) 1,500,000 on April 30, 2025, (c) 1,500,000 on July 31, 2025, and
(d) 1,500,000 on September 30, 2025. 

Each 1.00 in funds the Company raises in the
sale of any of its equity shares in a financing for the purpose of raising capital as part of any public offering of its securities pursuant
to a registration statement, at BHI s sole election, BHI may reduce its next funding obligation by 0.50. For each 1.00 funded
by Lender under the BHI Note, an additional 0.29 in original issue discount will be added to the outstanding balance. The BHI Note will
mature on 18 months from issuance of the initial tranche of funding thereunder. It bears interest at 10 per annum, which will increase
to 22 or the maximum permitted by applicable law upon the occurrence of an event of default (as defined in the BHI Note). In such an
event, BHI may declare the outstanding balance, multiplied by 110 , immediately due. Upon a change of control, the balance, multiplied
by 110 , will also become due. 

Beginning on the date that is the earlier of (i)
thirteen months from the closing date of the Business Combination and (ii) January 1, 2026, BHI shall have the right to require the Company
to redeem up to an aggregate of one sixth of the initial principal balance of the BHI Note plus any interest accrued thereunder each month
(each monthly exercise, a BHI Monthly Redemption Amount by providing written notice to the Company, provided however that
if BHI does not exercise the BHI Monthly Redemption Amount in a corresponding month, then such BHI Monthly Redemption Amount shall be
available for BHI to redeem in any future month in addition to such future month s BHI Monthly Redemption Amount. 

In connection with the BHI Financing, the Damon
Motors Subsidiary and Damon Motors, each entered into a guaranty, dated as of November 13, 2024, whereby Damon Motors and the Damon Motors
Subsidiary guaranteed the performance of the Company s obligations under the BHI Note. 

Additionally, the Company s obligations
under the BHI Note are secured. On November 13, 2024, prior to the closing of the Business Combination, (a) Damon entered a security agreement
with BHI whereby Damon granted to BHI a security interest in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its assets, and (b) Damon
Motors entered into a security agreement with BHI whereby Damon Motors granted to BHI a security interest in all right, title, interest,
claims and demands to its assets, and (c) Damon Motors entered into an IP security agreement with BHI whereby Damon Motors granted to
BHI a security interest in certain of its intellectual property. 

Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, each
of Streeterville, East West and BHI have agreed to rank pari passu in connection with the above noted financing transactions. 

F- 23 

ITEM 2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following
discussion in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the corresponding notes included elsewhere in this
Form 10-Q. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements.
The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those made, projected or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please see the sections titled Risk
Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Other Information Contained in this Report for
a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Overview of Our Business 

Business of Damon Motors 

Damon Inc., formerly known
as Grafiti Holding Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries, as appropriate, Damon, the Company, we, 
 us, or our ), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Damon Motors Inc. Damon Motors and its subsidiaries,
designs and manufactures motorcycles aimed at transforming the motorcycle industry by building a smart and technologically advanced motorcycle.
Damon Motors is developing the technology and investing in the capabilities to lead the industry transformation in the high-performance
electric motorcycle market. With decades of combined management and engineering experience across the team s careers, and a commitment
to low carbon personal mobility solutions, Damon Motors is introducing existing enthusiasts to high-performance electric products while
bringing new riders to the motorcycle community with first of its kind advances in zero emissions motorcycle performance, safety, connectivity
and AI. 

Founded in 2017, Damon Motors
started reimagining the future of motorcycling by means of advanced safety design, electric vehicle powertrain technology and user experience.
In 2019, Damon Motors took its first alpha prototype motorcycles and safety systems into the field to test the concept. In 2021, Damon
Motors expanded its operations and expertise with an R D facility in San Rafael, California to accelerate the engineering and development
of its HyperDrive platform drive unit and the HyperSport motorcycle. Through core technology advancements, Damon Motors electric motorcycles
are in prototype phase of product validation. 

Damon Motors s electric
vehicles are developed with a set of proprietary design principles that elevate the brand, deliver differentiated riding experiences and
bring emotion to electric propulsion. The initial product portfolio of motorcycle models will be built upon and utilize a single powertrain
platform called HyperDrive . As a patented, monocoque-constructed battery-chassis, HyperDrive houses a proprietary 150 kW 6-phase
liquid cooled IPM motor-gearbox and proprietary electronics. This platform approach establishes a capital-efficient path to grow the product
line to meet a wide range of future segments and price points, while also supporting a wide range of future motorcycle models and power
sizes that share as much as 85 percent common parts. By using the frame of the battery as the motorcycle s chassis, HyperDrive also
achieves valuable weight and cost reduction advantages. With 150 kW of power at its disposal, HyperDrive has been specifically designed
to compete with the performance of market leaders in the high-performance motorcycle market, whether internal combustion or electric.
Thanks to the energy modularity designed into it, HyperDrive-based motorcycles can be detuned in power, energy and thus cost to support
500 1500cc power equivalent classes of motorcycles in both the North American and European markets, with price points ranging
from 20,000 - 80,000. 

The HyperDrive platform is
contrasted by the smaller, less powerful and lower cost HyperLite platform, currently in its early design phase. HyperLite will be developed
using a very similar design architecture as HyperDrive, enabling the production of a range of light weight, low to medium cost motorcycles
and scooters with milder levels of horsepower that are more common in overseas and developing markets. With these two platforms paired
with Damon Motors s three patented cornerstone technologies, CoPilot , Shift and its AI-enabled cloud platform. Damon
Motors s long-term objective is to build a premium, high-tech, electric motorcycle company that rivals the largest incumbents in
both profit and annual volume, by providing a technologically enhanced riding experience that is not currently available from other manufacturers. 

CoPilot provides a novel
rider assistance and warning system integrated into the motorcycle. Shift allows the handlebars and foot pegs to mechatronically adjust
on the fly, addressing issues of ergonomic comfort and allowing users to select different riding positions for changing conditions such
as a lower, more aerodynamic position for highway use or a more upright position for urban use. Its AI-enabled cloud will collect environmental
and situational data that, paired with over-the-air software updates, can drive a continual loop of collision warning improvements, with
an aim to further reduce accident probability over time. 

1 

The commercial production
of Damon Motors s motorcycles is expected to commence after passing various internal and external tests and undergoing a self-certification
process required for US-bound vehicle homologation. These tests include: the completion of Damon Motors s ride quality and long-term
durability testing, completion of FCC Title 47 certification for the onboard charger, completion of UN 38.3 battery testing, completion
of Damon Motors s internal battery testing, extreme temperature operation verification, brake testing per FMVSS, and an internal
and external review of FMVSS compliance with Damon Motors engineering subcontractor TUV of Germany. 

Business of Grafiti Limited 

Damon, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary Grafiti Limited, distributes in the United Kingdom and certain other European countries data analytics and visualization software
products referred to as SAVES primarily for scientists and engineers. Grafiti Limited products can be downloaded to a user s
desktop. These products help scientific research in the health and life sciences domain in the discovery of new drugs, in the study of
the efficacy of established drugs and therapies, and in epidemic propagation research, among other applications. Engineers use our products
for a multitude of applications which include, but are not limited to, conducting surface modelling analysis and curve fitting in order
to design new engineering processes, studying signal attenuation and propagation in radio engineering. Potential automobile and motorcycle
applications could include surface panel design for aerodynamics, aesthetic symmetry, and calculated asymmetry among others. We believe
the Grafiti Limited regression analysis product could also be used for predicting vehicle sharing demand and pricing trends in various
markets based on a wide range of variables. 

Grafiti Limited s strategy
is to build a broader, long term customer base by increasing its sales of Grafiti Limited s product offerings which will include
cloud and Macintosh compatible data analytics and statistical visualization software products. We believe this will enable the Grafiti
Limited business to focus on generating more recurring revenues in the future. 

Recent Transactions 

Trust Shares Distribution in connection
with Spin-Off of Grafiti Holding 

On October 23, 2023, Parent
and Grafiti Holding entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which all of the outstanding shares of Grafiti Limited
were transferred to Grafiti Holding, such that on December 26, 2023, Grafiti Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Grafiti Holding.
Grafiti Limited was formed by the Parent on May 13, 2020 as a distribution arm for its SAVES products in the United Kingdom market and
part of the European market. Following the reorganization, and in connection with the spin-off of Grafiti Holding from Parent, on December
27, 2023 (the record date ), all of the outstanding common shares of the Company (the Trust Shares were transferred
to the Trust, to be held for the benefit of holders of the Parent s common stock, preferred stock and those outstanding warrants
that are contractually entitled to participate in the distribution, on a pro rata basis as of the record date (collectively, the participating
Parent securityholders ). On November 12, 2024, the Trust Shares were delivered to participating Parent securityholders, on a pro
rata at a ratio of 1 for 50 resulting in the distribution of 3,536,746 Trust Shares to participating Parent securityholders. 

Completion of Business Combination 

On October 23, 2023, the Company,
Parent, Damon Motors, and 1444842 B.C. LTD Amalco Sub entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as amended by the
First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement dated June 18, 2024 and the Second Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement
dated September 26, 2024, the Damon Business Combination Agreement ). On November 13, 2024, Damon Motors and Amalco Sub amalgamated
to continue as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Amalgamation ). Following the Amalgamation, the Company was
renamed Damon Inc. (also referred to herein as the combined company ). Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement
under the laws of British Columbia, as contemplated in the Damon Business Combination Agreement, securityholders of Damon Motors exchanged
their securities of Damon Motors for amalgamation consideration consisting of: 

(i) 14,761,045 common shares
of the Company, also known as Subordinate Voting Shares, 

(ii) 1,391,181 multiple voting
shares of the Company, which are convertible into common shares of the Company on a 1 for 1 basis, issued to Jay Giraud, the combined
company s CEO and director at the closing, and its controlled entity, 

2 

(iii) warrants to purchase
2,186,498 common shares of the Company at an exercise price of 7.81 per share, with terms substantially similar to those of Damon Motors s
warrants, issued to former Damon Motors warrant holders, and 

(iv) options to purchase 1,942,127
common shares at exercise prices between 0.57 and 12.73, issued to former Damon Motors optionholders under the Company s equity
incentive plans. 

The exchanges are based on
an exchange ratio determined according to the formula in the Damon Business Combination Agreement. 

The combined company commenced
trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on November 18, 2024, under the symbol DMN . 

As a result of the closing
of the Business Combination, a change in control of the Company has occurred, and Damon Motors became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. Following the issuance of the amalgamation consideration pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, the Company s security holders
immediately prior to the effective time of the Amalgamation (the Effective Time retained beneficial ownership of approximately
18 of the outstanding common shares of the Company on a fully-diluted basis and Damon Motors security holders immediately prior to the
Effective Time acquired beneficial ownership of common shares amounting to approximately 82 of the outstanding common shares of the Company
on a fully-diluted basis. 

Following the resignation
of Jay Giraud from all officer and director positions with the Company as of December 4, 2024, all the multiple voting shares held by
Mr. Giraud and his wholly-owned company were converted automatically into common shares on a one-for-one basis. After giving effect to
the conversion, the Company has 20,767,610 common shares outstanding, with no multiple voting shares remaining outstanding. 

Creation of Multiple Voting Shares and Adoption
of Amended Articles 

Prior to the Effective Time, on November 12, 2024,
the Company s shareholders authorized amendments to the Company s articles. These amendments included, among other things,
the creation of a class of Multiple Voting Shares and the establishment of the rights and restrictions applicable to the Multiple Voting
Shares and common shares. On the same date, the Company filed a Notice of Alteration with the Registrar of Companies for the Province
of British Columbia to amend its Notice of Articles to reflect the creation of the Multiple Voting Shares. 

Financing Agreements 

Streeterville June 2024 Note Amended
Security Agreements 

On November 13, 2024, prior
to the closing of the Business Combination, (a) the Company entered into an amendment to the Security Agreement, dated June 26, 2024 by
and between the Company and Streeterville Capital LLC delivered in connection with the a secured promissory note in an aggregate original
principal amount of 6,470,000 (the Streeterville Note issued to Streeterville Capital, LLC Streeterville ),
whereby the Company granted to Streeterville a security interest in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its assets, and
(b) Damon Motors entered into a security agreement with Streeterville, whereby Damon Motors granted to Streeterville a security interest
in all right, title, interest, claims and demands to its assets, and (c) Damon Motors entered into an IP security agreement with Streeterville,
whereby Damon Motors granted to Streeterville a security interest in certain of its intellectual property. Streeterville s security
over the Company s assets ranks pari passu with the security granted under the November 2024 Debt Financing (as described in greater
detail below) pursuant to an intercreditor agreement dated as of November 13, 2024 (the Intercreditor Agreement ). 

November 2024 Debt Financing 

East-West 

On November 13, 2024, the
Company and East West Utah limited liability company, an affiliate of Streeterville, entered into a note purchase agreement, pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell, and East West agreed to purchase, a secured promissory note in an aggregate original principal amount
of 8,385,000 (the East West Note (the East West Financing ). The East West Note carries an original issue
discount of 1,885,000. For as long as the East West funding conditions (as defined in the East West Note) are satisfied on each applicable
funding date (unless waived by East West), the proceeds from the East West Note will be funded in tranches in accordance with the following
schedule: (a) 2,000,000 on January 31, 2025, (b) 1,500,000 on April 30, 2025, (c) 1,500,000 on July 31, 2025, and (d) 1,500,000 on
September 30, 2025. 

3 

For each 1.00 in funds the
Company raises in the sale of any of its equity shares in a financing for the purpose of raising capital as part of any public offering
of its equity securities pursuant to a registration statement, at East West s sole election, East West may reduce its next funding
obligation by 0.50. The East West Note will mature on the date that is 18 months from issuance of the initial tranche of funding thereunder.
For each 1.00 funded by lender under the East West Note, an additional 0.29 in original issue discount will be added to the outstanding
balance. It bears interest at 10 per annum, which will increase to 22 or the maximum permitted by applicable law upon the occurrence
of an event of default (as defined in the East West Note). In such an event, East West may declare the outstanding balance, multiplied
by 110 , immediately due. Upon a change of control, the balance, multiplied by 110 , will also become due. 

Beginning on the date that
is the earlier of (i) thirteen months from the closing date of the Business Combination and (ii) January 1, 2026, East West shall have
the right to require the Company to redeem up to an aggregate of one sixth of the initial principal balance of the East West Note plus
any interest accrued thereunder each month (each monthly exercise, a East West Monthly Redemption Amount by providing written
notice to the Company, provided however that if East West does not exercise the East West Monthly Redemption Amount in a corresponding
month, then such East West Monthly Redemption Amount shall be available for East West to redeem in any future month in addition to such
future month s East West Monthly Redemption Amount. 

In connection with the East
West Financing, Damon Motors Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Damon (the Damon Motors Subsidiary ),
and Damon Motors each entered into a guaranty, dated as of November 13, 2024, whereby Damon Motors and the Damon Motors Subsidiary guaranteed
the performance of the Company s obligations under the East West Note. 

(the BHI Note (the BHI Financing together with the East West Financing, the November
2024 Debt Financing ). The BHI Note carries an original issue discount of . For as long as the BHI funding conditions
(as defined in the BHI Note) are satisfied on each applicable funding date (unless waived by BHI, the proceeds from the BHI Note will
be funded in tranches in accordance with the following schedule: (a) on January 31, 2025, (b) on April 30, 2025,
(c) on July 31, 2025, and (d) on September 30, 2025. 

Each in funds the Company
raises in the sale of any of its equity shares in a financing for the purpose of raising capital as part of any public offering of its
securities pursuant to a registration statement, at BHI s sole election, BHI may reduce its next funding obligation by . For
each funded by Lender under the BHI Note, an additional in original issue discount will be added to the outstanding balance.
The BHI Note will mature on months from issuance of the initial tranche of funding thereunder. It bears interest at per annum,
which will increase to or the maximum permitted by applicable law upon the occurrence of an event of default (as defined in the BHI
Note). In such an event, BHI may declare the outstanding balance, multiplied by 110 , immediately due. Upon a change of control, the balance,
multiplied by 110 , will also become due. 

Beginning on the date that
is the earlier of (i) thirteen months from the closing date of the Business Combination and (ii) January 1, 2026, BHI shall have the right
to require the Company to redeem up to an aggregate of one sixth of the initial principal balance of the BHI Note plus any interest accrued
thereunder each month (each monthly exercise, a BHI Monthly Redemption Amount by providing written notice to the Company,
provided however that if BHI does not exercise the BHI Monthly Redemption Amount in a corresponding month, then such BHI Monthly Redemption
Amount shall be available for BHI to redeem in any future month in addition to such future month s BHI Monthly Redemption Amount. 

4 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). In connection
with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We evaluate our critical accounting
estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience, current trends, and various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance
with GAAP. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation,
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be affected. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined
with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

There have been no significant
changes to our critical accounting estimates as compared to those disclosed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 included in the information statement filed
as Exhibit 99.1 to the amended registration statement on Form 10-12B filed with the SEC on September 26, 2024. 

Results
of Operations 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024
compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth
selected consolidated financial data as a percentage of our revenue and the percentage of period-over-period change: 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 

September 30, 2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Amount 

of Revenues 

Amount 

of Revenues 

Change 

Change 

Revenues 

101,969 

100 

97,908 

100 

4,061 

4 

Cost of revenues 

39,647 

39 

23,805 

24 

15,842 

67 

Gross profit 

62,322 

61 

74,103 

76 

(11,781) 

(16) 
 
 Operating expenses 

1,482,768 

1,454 

77,795 

79 

1,404,973 

1,806 

Loss from operations 

(1,420,446) 

(1,393) 

(3,692) 

(4) 

(1,416,754) 

(38,374) 
 
 Other Income/(Expense) 

(144,094) 

(141) 

(144,094) 

100 

Income tax benefit (provision) 

Net loss 

(1,564,540) 

(1,534) 

(3,692) 

(4) 

(1,560,848) 

(42,276) 

5 

Revenues 

Revenues for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 were 101,969 compared to 97,908 for the comparable period in the prior year for an increase of 4,061, or approximately
4 and relatively flat over the two periods. 

Gross Margin 

Cost of revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 were 39,647 compared to 23,805 for the comparable period in the prior year for an increase of 15,842
due to the higher revenues during the period and due to the revised terms of the technology licensing arrangement post the spin-off. 

The gross profit margin for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 61 compared to 76 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This lower margin in
the three months ended September 30, 2024 is due to the revised terms of the technology licensing arrangement post the spin-off. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,482,768 and 77,795 for the comparable period ended September 30, 2023 for an increase of
 1,404,973 primarily due to 1,085,297 of accounting, legal and other costs of the pending business combination with Damon Motors, 129,535
provision for credit losses on the promissory note Damon Motors issued to the Company in June 2024 (the Damon Motors Note Issued
to Damon and 169,701 of other professional fees. 

Other Income/(Expense) 

Other income and expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024
were 144,094 compared to for the comparable period in the prior year. The 144,094 increase is due to the interest, debt discount
and monitoring fee expense of the Streeterville Note that was entered into in June 2024 offset by the interest income accrual from the
Damon Motors Note Issued to Damon. 

Non-GAAP Financial information 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 

EBITDA is defined as net income
(loss) before interest, provision for (benefit from) income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA
plus adjustments for other income or expense items, non-recurring items and non-cash stock-based compensation. 

EBITDA for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 was a loss of 1,420,193 compared to a loss of 3,476 for the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was a loss of 334,896 compared to a loss of 3,476 for the prior year period. 

6 

The following table presents
a reconciliation of net loss attributable to shareholders of the Company, which is our GAAP operating performance measure, to EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (1,564,540 
 (3,692 
 
 Interest expense/(income), net 
 144,094 

Income tax benefit (provision) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 253 
 216 
 
 Non-GAAP EBITDA 
 (1,420,193 
 (3,476 
 
 Adjusted for: 

Non-recurring one-time charges: 

Acquisition transaction/financing costs 
 1,085,297 

Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 
 (334,896 
 (3,476 

We rely on EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures for the following: 

To review and assess the operating performance of our Company as permitted by ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting; 

To compare our current operating results with corresponding periods and with the operating results of
other companies in our industry; 

As a basis for allocating resources to various projects; 

As a measure to evaluate potential economic outcomes of acquisitions, operational alternatives and strategic
decisions; and 

To evaluate internally the performance of our personnel. 

We have presented EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA above because we believe they convey useful information to investors regarding our operating results. We believe they
provide an additional way for investors to view our operations, when considered with both our GAAP results and the reconciliation to net
income (loss). By including this information, we can provide investors with a more complete understanding of our business. Specifically,
we present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental disclosure because of the following: 

We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful tools for investors to assess the operating performance
of our business without the effect of interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. 

We believe that it is useful to provide to investors with standard operating metrics used by management
to evaluate our operating performance; and 

We believe that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is helpful to compare our results to other companies. 

Even though we believe EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA are useful for investors, they have limitations as an analytical tool. Thus, we strongly urge investors not to consider
this metric in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss) or consolidated statement of operations data prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Some of these limitations include the fact that: 

Neither EBITDA nor EBITDA reflects our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures
or contractual commitments; 

Neither EBITDA nor EBITDA reflects changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

7 

Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized
will often have to be replaced in the future, and neither EBITDA nor EBITDA reflects any cash requirements for such replacements; and 

Neither EBITDA nor EBITDA reflects income or other taxes or the cash requirements to make any tax payments 

Because of these limitations,
neither EBITDA nor EBITDA should be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business
or as a measure of performance in compliance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and
providing EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental information. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources as of September 30, 2024 

Our current capital resources
and operating results as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, consist of: 

1) an overall working capital surplus of 12,374; 

2) cash of 175,292; 

3) net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 799,535. 

The breakdown of our overall
working capital surplus is as follows: 

Working Capital 
 Assets 
 Liabilities 
 Net 
 
 Cash 
 175,292 
 
 175,292 
 
 Accounts receivable, net / accounts payable 
 55,865 
 972,125 
 (916,260 
 
 Notes receivable net of allowance for credit losses 
 907,897 
 
 907,897 
 
 Accrued liabilities 
 
 104,513 
 (104,513 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 
 151,377 
 (151,377 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 101,335 
 
 101,335 
 
 Total 
 1,240,389 
 1,228,015 
 12,374 

For further discussion on
the Company s liquidity and ability to continue as a going concern, please see the discussion under Financial Obligations and Requirements
below. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

Contractual obligations are
cash that we are obligated to pay as part of certain contracts that we have entered during our course of business. Our contractual obligations
consist of an operating lease. As of September 30, 2024, the total obligation for operating leases was 2,520, which is expected to be
paid in the next twelve months. 

Financial Obligations and Requirements 

Net cash used in operating
activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 799,535 consists of a net loss of 1,564,540 offset by non-cash adjustments
of approximately 273,882 plus net cash changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 491,123. As the Company was part
of Inpixon group of companies prior to December 27, 2023, the Company was dependent upon Inpixon for all of its working capital and financing
requirements as Inpixon uses a centralized approach to cash management and financing of its operations. This arrangement is not reflective
of the way the Company would have financed its operations had the Company been a standalone public company during the periods presented.
Prior to December 27, 2023, financial transactions relating to the Company are accounted for through Stockholders Equity. As a
result of the spin-off of the Company from Inpixon, the Company no longer participates in Inpixon s corporate-wide cash management
and financing approach, and therefore the Company s ability to fund operating needs will depend on the Company s ability to
generate positive cash flows from operations, and on the Company s ability to obtain debt financing on acceptable terms or to issue
additional equity or equity-linked securities as needed. 

8 

Management s plans to address the uncertainty that the Company
will continue as a going concern include the business combination that occurred on November 13, 2024 as described above as well as obtaining
associated debt and equity financing. On November 13, 2024, the Company secured a commitment for additional financing in the aggregate
amount of 13,000,000 under the November 2024 Debt Financing, and on November 20, 2024 the remaining 3,150,000 of the funds placed in
escrow under the Streeterville Note were released to the Company, which has increased the Company s available source of funding
and, accordingly, it is expected that the Company will have sufficient working capital and available funds to continue operations for
at least twelve (12) months following the date of this filing. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources as of September 30,
2024 Compared with September 30, 2023 

The Company s net cash
flows used in and provided by operating, investing and financing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and
certain balances as of the end of those periods are as follows: 

For the three months ended 
September 30, 2024 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (799,535 
 57,285 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (596,000 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 414,335 
 32,193 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 
 7,588 
 (5,308 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (973,612 
 84,170 

As of 
September 30, 2024 
 As of 
 June 30, 
2023 
 
 Cash 
 175,292 
 1,148,904 
 
 Working capital surplus 
 12,374 
 1,046,944 

Cash flows from Operating Activities for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 

Net cash used in operating activities during the
three months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 799,535. The cash flows related to the three months ended September 30,
2024 consisted of the following: 

Net loss 
 (1,564,540 
 
 Non-cash income and expenses 
 273,882 
 
 Net change in operating assets and liabilities 
 491,123 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (799,535 

The non-cash income and expense
of 273,882 consisted primarily of the following: 

253 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 
 82,178 
 Amortization of original issue discount 
 
 129,535 
 Provision for credit losses 
 
 (24,066 
 Accrued interest income 
 
 50,405 
 Accrued interest expense 
 
 35,577 
 Accrued monitoring fee expense 
 
 273,882 
 Total non-cash expenses 

9 

The net change in operating
assets and liabilities aggregated 491,123 and consisted primarily of the following: 

(23,541 
 Increase in accounts receivable 
 
 (3,068 
 Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 528,078 
 Increase in accounts payable 
 
 (9,058 
 Decrease in accrued liabilities 
 
 (1,288 
 Decrease in deferred revenue 
 
 491,123 
 Net cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Cash flows from Operating Activities for the
three months ended September 30, 2023 

Net cash provided by operating
activities during three months ended September 30, 2023 was 57,285. The cash flows related to the three months ended September 30, 2023
consisted of the following: 

Net loss 
 (3,692 
 
 Non-cash income and expenses 
 216 
 
 Net change in operating assets and liabilities 
 60,761 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 57,285 

The non-cash income and expense
of 216 consisted primarily of depreciation and amortization expenses. 

The net change in operating assets and liabilities
aggregated approximately 60,761 and consisted primarily of the following: 

47,626 
 Decrease in accounts receivable 
 
 (149 
 Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 958 
 Increase in accounts payable 
 
 (4,830 
 Decrease in accrued liabilities 
 
 17,156 
 Increase in deferred revenue 
 
 60,761 
 Net cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Net cash flows used in investing
activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 596,000 for a loan
to Damon Motors. There were no net cash flows provided by or used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30,
2023. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Net cash flows provided by
financing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 414,335 which
includes 350,000 of proceeds from a note payable and 64,335 of cash received from the exercise of stock options. Net cash flows provided
by financing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 32,193 from an investment by Inpixon. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange
traded contracts. 

10 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

For a discussion of recently
issued accounting pronouncements, please see Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, which are included in this report
beginning on page F-8. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Internal controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1)
our transactions are properly authorized, recorded and reported; and (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use,
to permit the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 

In connection with the preparation
of this Form 10-Q, management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)).
Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15
or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Control 

A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Because of the inherent limitations of any control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues,
if any, within a company have been detected. 

11 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

There are no material pending
legal proceedings as defined by Item 103 of Regulation S-K, to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, other
than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business. 

There are no proceedings in
which any of the directors, officers or affiliates of the Company, or any registered or beneficial holder of more than 5 of the Company s
voting securities, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to that of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

A description of the risk
factors associated with our business is contained in the Risk Factors section of the information statement filed as Exhibit
99.1 to the Form 10 Registration Statement and the Exhibit 99.7 to the November 18, 2024 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by these risks. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

a) Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In August 2024, the Company
issued an aggregate of 1,015,383 common shares to Nadir Ali, then CEO of the Company, and certain members of the Parent s management
team prior to the consummation of the merger transaction between XTI Aircraft Company and the Parent, which they acquired through the
exercise of stock options granted under our 2024 Stock Incentive Plan. Each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) or Rule 701 of the Securities Act. 

c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

(a) None. 

(b) None. 

(c) Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans. 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

Item 6. Exhibits 

See the Exhibit index following
the signature page to this Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein
by reference. 

12 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

DAMON INC. 

Date: December 17, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Dominique Kwong 

Dominique Kwong 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Bal Bhullar 

Bal Bhullar 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

13 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Second Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2024, by and among XTI Aerospace, Inc., Grafiti Holding Inc., 1444842 B.C. Ltd. and Damon Motors Inc. 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 2.4 
 
 September 26, 2024 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Note of Articles dated December 6, 2024 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 Grafiti Holding Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Form 10 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.3 
 
 July 25, 2024 

10.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Grafiti Holding Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Form 10 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.4 
 
 July 25, 2024 

10.3 
 
 Distributor Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024, by and between Grafiti LLC and Grafiti Limited 
 
 Form 10 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.13 
 
 July 25, 2024 

10.4 
 
 Administrative Support Service Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024, by and between Grafiti LLC and Grafiti Limited 
 
 Form 10 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.14 
 
 July 25, 2024 

10.5 
 
 Amendment to Escrow Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and among Grafiti Holding Inc., Damon Motors, Inc., Damon Motors Corporation, Streeterville Capital LLC and Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC as escrow agent 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.12 
 
 September 26, 2024 

10.6 
 
 Second Amendment to Escrow Agreement, dated September 20, 2024 by and among Grafiti Holding Inc., Damon Motors, Inc., Damon Motors Corporation, Streeterville Capital LLC and Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC as escrow agent 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.13 
 
 September 26, 2024 

10.7 
 
 Amendment to Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated September 25, 2024, by and between Grafiti Holding Inc. and Damon Motors Inc. 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.15 
 
 September 26, 2024 

10.8 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2024, by and between Grafiti Holding Inc. and Nadir Ali 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.24 
 
 September 26, 2024 

14 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

10.9 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2024, by and between Grafiti Holding Inc. and Melanie Figueroa 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.25 
 
 September 26, 2024 

10.10 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2024, by and between Grafiti Holding Inc. and Wendy Loundermon 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 001-42190 
 
 10.26 
 
 September 26, 2024 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1# 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 

X 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

# This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any
filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

15 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ea022401501ex3-1_damon.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND NOTE OF ARTICLES DATED DECEMBER 6, 2024

Exhibit 3.1 

Number: BC1444838 

CERTIFICATE 

OF 

INCORPORATION 

BUSINESS CORPORATIONS ACT 

I Hereby Certify that GRAFITI HOLDING INC. was incorporated under the
Business Corporations Act on October 17, 2023 at 09:19 AM Pacific Time. 

Issued under my hand at Victoria, British Columbia On October 17, 2023 

/s/ T.K. SPARKS 
 
 T.K. SPARKS 
 
 Registrar of Companies 
 
 Province of British Columbia 
 
 Canada 

Mailing Address: 
 PO Box 9431 Stn Prov Govt 
 Victoria BC V8W 9V3 
 www.corporateonline.gov.bc.ca 
 
 Location: 
 2nd Floor - 940 Blanshard Street 
 Victoria BC 
 1 877 526-1526 

CERTIFIED COPY 
 Of a Document filed with the Province of 
 British Columbia Registrar of Companies 
 
 /s/ T.K. SPARKS 

T.K. SPARKS 

Notice of Articles 

BUSINESS CORPORATIONS ACT 

This Notice of Articles was issued by the Registrar on: December
6, 2024 11:00 AM Pacific Time 

Incorporation Number: 
 BC1444838 

Recognition Date and Time: Incorporated on October 17, 2023 09:19
AM Pacific Time 

NOTICE OF ARTICLES 

Name of Company: 

 DAMON INC. 

REGISTERED OFFICE INFORMATION 

Mailing Address: 
 1800 - 510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 
 
 Delivery Address: 
 1800 - 510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 

RECORDS OFFICE INFORMATION 

Mailing Address: 
 1800 - 510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 
 
 Delivery Address: 
 1800 - 510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 

Page: 1 of 3 

DIRECTOR INFORMATION 

Last Name, First Name, Middle Name: 

 Kwong, Dominique 

Mailing Address: 
 1800-510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 
 
 Delivery Address: 
 1800-510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 

Last Name, First Name, Middle Name: 

 Figueroa, Melanie 

Mailing Address: 
 1800-510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 
 
 Delivery Address: 
 1800-510 WEST GEORGIA STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6B 0M3 
 CANADA 

Last Name, First Name, Middle Name: 

 Bhullar, Baljinder 

Mailing Address: 
 704 ALEXANDER STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6A 1E3 
 CANADA 
 
 Delivery Address: 
 704 ALEXANDER STREET 
 VANCOUVER BC V6A 1E3 
 CANADA 

Last Name, First Name, Middle Name: 

 Tripathi, Shashi 

Mailing Address: 
 21678 CASINO RIDGE ROAD 
 YORBA LINDA CA 92887 
 UNITED STATES 
 
 Delivery Address: 
 21678 CASINO RIDGE ROAD 
 YORBA LINDA CA 92887 
 UNITED STATES 

Page: 2 of 3 

Last Name, First Name, Middle Name: 

 Sodhi, Karan 

Mailing Address: 
 Delivery Address: 
 
 202 - 5171 BRIGHOUSE WAY 
 202 - 5171 BRIGHOUSE WAY 
 
 RICHMOND BC V7C 0A6 
 RICHMOND BC V7C 0A6 
 
 CANADA 
 CANADA 

RESOLUTION DATES: 

Date(s) of Resolution(s) or Court Order(s) attaching or altering Special
Rights and Restrictions attached to a class or a series of shares: 

November 12, 2024 

AUTHORIZED SHARE STRUCTURE 

1. 
 No Maximum 
 Common Shares 
 Without Par Value 

With Special Rights or Restrictions attached 

2. 
 No Maximum 
 Multiple Voting Shares 
 Without Par Value 

With Special Rights or Restrictions attached 

Page: 3 of 3 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea022401501ex31-1_damon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Dominique Kwong, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Damon,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 17, 2024 

/s/ Dominique Kwong 

Dominique Kwong 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea022401501ex31-2_damon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Bal Bhullar, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Damon,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 17, 2024 

/s/ Bal Bhullar 

Bal Bhullar 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea022401501ex32-1_damon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the periodic
report of Damon, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), we, Dominique Kwong, Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and
Bal Bhullar, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof,
solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of our knowledge: 

(1). The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2). The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: December 17, 2024 

/s/ Dominique Kwong 

Dominique Kwong 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bal Bhullar 

Bal Bhullar 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 dmn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 dmn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 dmn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 dmn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 dmn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

