<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241017_10-Q-A_edgar_data_811222_0001683168-24-007192.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7243047</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163361</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1215622</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2094358</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1512953</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2060627</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007192.hdr.sgml : 20241017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241017151538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cardiff Lexington Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				841044583
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49709
		FILM NUMBER:		241377413

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3753 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-628-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3753 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARDIFF INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED AMERICAN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARDIFF FINANCIAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007192.txt : 20241017

10-Q/A
 1
 cardiff_i10qa1-33124.htm
 AMENDMENT #1 TO QUARTERLY REPORT

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION Form 10-Q 

Table
of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Amendment No. 1) 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended: 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

- 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

As of May 8, 2024, there were shares of common stock of
the registrant issued and outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation (the Company is filing this Amendment No 1 on Form 10-Q Amendment to amend its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the three months ended March 31, 2024, which was originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2024 (the Form
10-Q ). 

This Amendment is being filed to correct an
error in the Form 10-Q as a result of a change in classification of credit loss expense to net revenue. Additionally, the Company filed
this Amendment to respond to certain comments received from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form 10-Q, as amended
by this Amendment, continues to be as of May 10, 2024 and does not reflect events occurring after May 10, 2024. 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

 Period Ended March 31, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 52 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 PART II 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 54 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 54 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 54 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 54 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 54 

PART I 

 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited and restated) 
 
 4 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
 Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited and restated) 
 
 5 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
 Stockholders Equity (Deficiency) for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited and restated) 
 
 6 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 7 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 8 

3 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF MARCH 31, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

March
 31, 2024 
 
 December
 31, 2023 
 (Restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable-net 

Prepaid and
 other current assets 

Total current
 assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Land 

Goodwill 

Right of use - assets 

Due from related party 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Accrued interest 

Right of use - liabilities 

Due to director and officer 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes payable, net
 of debt discounts of 
 and ,
 respectively 

Net liabilities
 of discontinued operations 

Total current
 liabilities 

Notes payable 

Operating
 lease liability long term 

Total liabilities 

Mezzanine equity 

Redeemable Series N Senior Convertible
 Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 shares
 issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Redeemable Series R Senior Convertible
 Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of ,
 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Redeemable
 Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of 
 par value; 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Total Mezzanine
 Equity 

Stockholders' equity 

Series B Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of ,
 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series C Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of ,
 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series E Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series F-1 Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series I Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 
 and 
 issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series J Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series L Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common Stock; 
 shares authorized, 
 par value; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total liabilities,
 mezzanine equity and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 AND
2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended March 31, 

2024 
(Restated) 
 2023 
(Restated) 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF SALES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Depreciation expense 

Share based compensation 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Other income 

Gain on debt refinance and forgiveness 

Penalties and fees 

Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Total other expenses 

NET (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET LOSS FOR THE PERIOD 

PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

BASIC LOSS PER SHARE 

CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE 

CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Preferred
 Stock Series A
 and I 
 Preferred
 Stock Series B,
 E, F-1, J and L 
 Preferred
 Stock Series
 C 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 
 (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31,
 2022 (Restated) 

Conversion of convertible notes payable 

Preferred stock Dividends 

Net loss 

Balance, March
 31, 2023 (Restated) 

Preferred
 Stock Series A
 and I 
 Preferred
 Stock Series B,
 E, F-1, J and L 
 Preferred
 Stock Series
 C 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31,
 2023 (Restated) 

Conversion of convertible notes payable 

Conversion of series B preferred
 stock 

Conversion of series C preferred
 stock 

Conversion of series I preferred
 stock 

Conversion of series J preferred
 stock 

Issuance of series I preferred stock
 to officers 

Cancellation of series C preferred
 stock 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued to board members 

Common stock issued in Red Rock settlement 

Preferred stock Dividends 

Net loss 

Balance, March
 31, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements 

6 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 AND
2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended March 31, 

2024 
(Restated) 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Bad debt 

Conversion and note issuance cost 

Share issuance for compensations to directors and officers 

Share issuance for service rendered 

Fair value settled upon conversion 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Right of use - assets 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Due to related party 

Accrued officers compensation 

Accrued interest 

Right of use - liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash provided by (used in) Discontinued Operations Operating 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Repayment of SBA loans 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by Discontinued Operations Financing 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for Interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued upon conversion of notes payable 

Right of use assets acquired 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements 

7 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH 31, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

of its outstanding common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock and warrant to purchase common stock
were adjusted to reflect the 1-for-75,000 reverse split, with respective exercise prices of the warrants proportionately increased.
The conversion prices of the outstanding convertible notes and certain series of preferred stock were adjusted to reflect a
proportional decrease in the number of shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion. 

All share and per share data throughout these
consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. The total number of authorized
shares of common stock did not change. As a result of the reverse stock split, an amount equal to the decreased value of the common stock
was reclassified from common stock to additional paid-in capital. 

. The Company
recognized of credit loss
expense during the three months ended March 31, 2023, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed
consolidated statement of operations. The Company did not recognize any credit loss expense during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

Medical equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

t recognize any goodwill impairment. The Company based this decision
on impairment testing of the underlying assets, expected cash flows, decreased asset value and other factors. 

The Company s contracts for both its contract
and service fees each contain a single performance obligation (providing orthopedic services), as the promise to transfer the individual
services is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, not distinct, as a result, the entire transaction
price is allocated to this single performance obligation. 

Accordingly, the Company recognizes net revenue
when the patient receives orthopedic care services. The Company s patient service contracts generally have performance obligations
which are satisfied at a point in time. The performance obligation is for onsite or off-site care provided. Patient service contracts
are generally fixed-price, and the transaction price is in the contract. Revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of the
contract with the Company s patients are satisfied; generally, at the time of patient care. 

In determining net revenue to record under ASC
606, the Company must estimate the transaction price, including estimates of variable consideration in the contract at inception. In order
to estimate variable consideration, the Company uses established billings rates (also described as gross charges for the
procedures being performed, however, the billing rates are not the same as actual amounts recovered for the Company s healthcare
subsidiary. They generally do not reflect what the Company is ultimately paid by the customer, insurance carriers and other payors,
and therefore are not reported in the consolidated financial statements at that rate. The Company is typically paid amounts based on established
charges per procedure with guidance from the annually updated CPT guidelines that designates relative value units and a suggested range
of charges for each procedure which is then assigned a CPT code. This gross charge is discounted to reflect the percentage paid to the
Company using a modifier recognized by each insurance carrier for services, less deductible, co-pay, and contractual adjustments
which are deducted from the calculated fee. These adjustments are considered variable consideration under ASC 606 and are deducted from
the calculated fee to arrive at the net transaction price. The Company also estimates changes in the contract price as a result of price
concessions, changes to deductibles, co-pays and other contractual adjustments to determine the eventual settlement amount the Company
expects to receive. The Company uses the term settlement realization in its disclosures to describe the amount of cash the company expects
to receive based on its estimate of the transaction price under the expected value method of ASC 606. 

Where appropriate, the Company utilizes the expected
value method to determine the appropriate amount for estimates of variable consideration, which is based on a historical 12-month lookback
of its actual settlement realization rates. The estimates of reserves established for variable consideration reflect current contractual
requirements, the Company s historical experience, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted patient
data and settlement patterns. Settlement realization patterns are assessed based on actual settlements and based on expected settlement
realization trends obtained from discussions with attorneys, doctors and our third party medical billing company. Settlement amounts are
negotiated and prolonged settlement negotiations are not indicative of a greater likelihood of reduced settlement realization or zero
settlement. 

The Company may accept a lower settlement realization
rate in order to receive faster payment. The Company obtains information about expected settlement realization trends from discussions
with doctors and attorneys and its third party medical billing company, which handles settlement claims and negotiations. Settlement amounts
are presented to the Company s third party medical billing company. Settlement rates of 49 or higher based on gross billed amounts
are typically accepted without further negotiation. Proposed settlement rates below 49 are negotiated and longer negotiations typically
result in higher settlement rates. If the Company accepts a lower settlement realization rate in order to receive payments more quickly,
the Company considers that a price concession and estimates these concessions at contract inception. The various forms of variable consideration
described above included in the transaction price may be constrained and are included in net revenue only to the extent that it is probable
that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. The Company has not
constrained any of its estimates of variable consideration for any of the periods presented. 

Service Fees Net (PIP) 

The Company generates services fees from performing
various procedures on the date the services are performed. These services primarily include slip and falls as well as smaller nominal
Non-PIP services. As described above, these revenues are based on established insurance billing rates, less allowances for contractual
adjustments and uncollectible amounts. These contractual adjustments vary by insurance company and self-pay patients. The Company computes
these contractual and other adjustments based on its historical settlement realization experience. 

Completing the paperwork for each case and preparing
it for billing takes approximately ten business days after a procedure is performed. The majority of claims are then filed electronically
except for those remaining insurance carriers requiring paper filing. An initial response is usually received within four weeks from electronic
filing and up to six weeks from paper filing. Responses may be a payment, a denial, or a request for additional information. The Company s
healthcare revenues are generated from professional medical billings including facility and anesthesia services. With respect to facility
and anesthesia services, the Company is the primary obligor as the facility and anesthesia services are considered part of one integrated
performance obligation. 

The Company satisfies performance obligations
as services are performed and then billed to the patient. Payment in most cases is made by an attorney for such services to our patients
which are due upon final settlement of patients claims. During the claims process, legal counsel warranties such claim through the letter
of protection, which is sent to the Company, as a medical provider, on behalf of the client patient. This letter states that the attorney
is responsible for paying the client s medical bills when the case is fully developed and settles. The medical professional agrees
to provide treatment to the injured person and refrain from attempting to collect payment as it is developing and until the case is resolved.
Once the personal injury case is finalized with the insurance company, the attorney pays the outstanding medical bills from the settlement. 

Prior to its fiscal year 2024, the
Company has historically had a 49 settlement realization rate from its total gross billed charges. Accordingly, the Company has historically
recognized net healthcare service revenue as 49 of gross billed charges. However, during the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company
underwent efforts to accelerate cash settlements by accepting lower settlement realization rates in order to settle outstanding accounts
receivable more quickly. As a result of the new effort, during the three months ended March 31, 2024 the Company realized a 42.9 average
settlement rate of its gross billed charges during this time frame, which were historically recorded in accounts receivable and revenue
at 49 of gross billings. As a result of this reduced settlement realization percentage, the Company recorded a reduction to net revenue
of for the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

The Company will continue to reassess
its settlement realization rate in the future and incorporate changes in settlement realization in its estimate of variable consideration
due under its contracts. See additional disclosure in Note 17. Subsequent Events regarding the Company s review of its settlement
realization percentage subsequent to the quarter ended March 31, 2024. 

Contract Fees (Non-PIP) 

The Company has contract fees for amounts earned
from its Non-Personal Injury Protection PIP related procedures, typically car accidents, and are settled on a contingency
basis. Prior to April 2023, these cases were sold to a factor who bears the risk of economic benefit or loss. Generally, the sale of
these cases to a third party factor resulted in an approximate 54 reduction from the accounts receivables amounts. After selling patient
cases to the factor, any additional funds settled by us were remitted to the factor. The Company evaluated the factored adjustments considering
the actual factored amounts per patient on a quarterly interval, and the reductions from accounts receivable that were factored were
recorded in finance charges as other expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. As a result of the Company s eighteen
to twenty-four month settlement realization timeframe, the Company has an accrued liability resulting from the settlement of receivables
sold to the third party factors which fluctuates as settlements are made and remitted to those third party factors. These accounts receivables
sold to these third party factors are not included in the Company s financial statements accounts receivable balance once sold
and therefore are not part of the assessment of the net realizable value of accounts receivable. For the three months ended March 31,
2023, the Company factored a total of of its accounts receivable in exchange for cash of . The Company ceased factoring
of accounts receivable in the first quarter of 2023. 

and for the three
months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

t have any interest and penalties associated with tax positions and did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. 

as of March 31, 2024. These factors raise a substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might result if
the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern and the appropriateness of using the going concern basis is dependent upon, among other things, additional cash infusions. Management
is in continuous discussions with prospective investors and believes the raising of capital will allow the Company to fund its cash flow
shortfalls and pursue new acquisitions. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient capital from debt
or equity transactions or from operations in the necessary time frame or on terms acceptable to it. Should the Company be unable to raise
sufficient funds, it may be required to curtail its operating plans. In addition, increases in expenses may require cost reductions. No
assurance can be given that the Company will be able to operate profitably on a consistent basis, or at all, in the future. Should the
Company not be able to raise sufficient funds, it may cause cessation of operations. 

Selling, general and administrative 

During the preparation of the year ended December
31, 2023 financial statements, the Company identified and corrected its classification and accounting treatment for its series R convertible
preferred stock and the related dividend accrual. Pursuant to ASC 250, Accounting changes and error corrections issued
by FASB and SAB 99 Materiality issued by Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company determined the impact of the error
was immaterial. The impact of the error correction is reflected in a 274,982 increase to the mezzanine equity and offsetting decrease
to the series R convertible preferred stock and subject to possible redemption mezzanine equity line item on the consolidated balance
sheet as of March 31, 2023. In addition, the impact of the unpaid dividend accrual is reflected in 8,136 increase to mezzanine equity
and offsetting decrease to the accumulated deficits as of March 31, 2023. The impact of the error correction is also reflected 1 decrease
of earnings (loss) per share on the consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

During the preparation of the three months ended
March 31, 2024 financial statements, the Company identified and corrected its classification for its all outstanding common stock amount
per par value of 0.001 with additional paid-in-capital related with a 1-for-75,000 reverse split executed on January 9, 2024. The impact
of this adjustment decreased to common stock and offsetting increase to additional paid-in-capital as of December 31, 2023. 

On November 10, 2023, the Company sold Platinum
Tax, which was a full-service tax resolution firm located in Los Angeles, California. The Company presented in prior periods operating
loss as loss from discontinued operations in the amount of on the consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended
March 31, 2023. 

The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company s condensed consolidated statement
of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2023: 

i. Balance sheet 

Total liabilities 

Mezzanine equity 

Total stockholders' equity 

ii. Statement of operations 

Impact of correction of error 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 As previously reported 
 Adjustments 
 As restated 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expense 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Net loss before discontinued operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss for the period 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share for continuing operations 

Accrued credit cards 

Accrued liability for settlements of previously factored receivables 

Accrued property taxes 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued payroll 

Total 

The Company is delinquent paying certain property
taxes. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance for these property taxes, was . 

Computer Equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Leasehold Improvement 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and
2023, depreciation expense was and , respectively. 

 . The land is currently vacant and is expected to be developed into a residential
community. 

 due from the previous owners as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

The Company obtained short-term advances from
the Chairman of the Board that are non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owed
the Chairman and , respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company paid to the Chairman. 

See also Note 8 and the disclosure regarding Note
payable 41. 

See also Note 13 for compensation paid to employees
of the Company. 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 

Long-term debt matures as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Loans and Notes Payable Unrelated Party 

On March 12, 2009, the Company issued a debenture
in the principal amount of 20,000. The debenture bore interest at 12 per year and matured on September 12, 2009. The balance of the
debenture was at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The accrued interest of the debenture was and at March 31,
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company assigned all of its receivables from consumer activations of the rewards program
as collateral on this debenture. 

Small Business Administration SBA Loans 

On June 2, 2020, the Company obtained an SBA loan
in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of June 2, 2050. The principal balance and accrued
interest at March 31, 2024 was and , respectively, and principal and accrued interest at December 31, 2023 was and
 , respectively. 

Line of Credit 

On September 29, 2023, the Company and Nova entered
into a two-year revolving purchase and security agreement with DML HC Series, LLC to sell, with recourse, Nova s accounts receivables
for a revolving financing up to a maximum advance amount of million. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had and , respectively, outstanding balance against the revolving receivable line of credit. The revolving purchase
and security agreement includes discounts recorded as interest expense on each funding and matures on . 

and ,
respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company did not receive any proceeds from convertible notes and
repaid 
of accrued interest to convertible noteholder. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company received net proceeds of
 
from convertible notes. There are debt discounts associated with the convertible debt of 
and 
at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded
amortization of debt discounts of 
and ,
respectively. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024,
the Company converted in accrued interest and in conversion cost into shares of common stock. The Company recognized
 of additional paid-in capital to adjust fair value for the debt settlement during the three months ended March 31, 2024. During
the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company converted of convertible debt, in accrued interest and in penalties
and fees into shares of common stock. 

Convertible notes as of March 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023 are summarized as follows: 

Discounts on convertible notes payable 

Total convertible debt less debt discount 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

The following is a schedule of convertible notes
payable as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

10 

10-1 

10-2 

10-3 

29-2 

31 

37-1 

37-2 

37-3 

40-1 

40-2 

40-3 

40-4 

40-5 

40-6 

40-7 

40-8 

40-9 

40-10 

41 

Note 9 

On September 12, 2016, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on September 12, 2017. Note 9 is currently in default
and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 10, 10-1, 10-2 and 10-3 

On January 24, 2017, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on January 24, 2018. Note 10 is currently in default
and accrues interest at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. On February 10, 2023, the Company executed a second tranche under this
note in the principal amount of 50,000 (Note 10-1). On March 30, 2023, the Company executed a third tranche under this note in the principal
amount of 25,000 (Note 10-2). On August 11, 2023, the Company executed a fourth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 25,000
(Note 10-3). Notes 10-1 and 10-2 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. Note 10-3
accrues interest at a rate of 15 per annum. 

Note 29-2 

On May 10, 2019, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 150,000. On November 8, 2019, this note (Note 29) was purchased by and assigned to an unrelated
party. The amount assigned was the existing principal amount of 150,000 and accrued interest of 5,918, which was issued as Note 29-1,
plus a new convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 62,367, which was issued as Note 29-2. Note 29-2 is currently in default
and accrues interest at a default interest rate of 24 per annum. 

Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 37-3 

On September 3, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000, with an original issue discount of 50,000, which could be drawn in several tranches.
On September 3, 2020, the Company executed the first tranche in the principal amount of 67,000, less an original issue discount of 17,000,
which matured on June 30, 2021 (Note 37-1). On November 2, 2020, the Company executed the second tranche in the principal amount of 66,500,
less an original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on August 31, 2021 (Note 37-2). On December 29, 2020, the Company executed the
third tranche in the principal amount of 66,500, less an original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on September 30, 2021 (Note
37-3). Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 27-3 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 18 per annum. 

Notes 40-1, 40-2, 40-3, 40-4, 40-5, 40-6, 40-7, 40-8, 40-9 and 40-10 

On September 22, 2022, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 2,600,000 in exchange for total of 4,791,099 of defaulted promissory notes balances (Note
40-1). On November 4, 2022, the Company executed a second tranche under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less an original
issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-2). On November 28, 2022, the Company executed the third tranche under this note in the principal
amount of 68,667, less an original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-3). On December 21, 2022, the Company executed a fourth
tranche under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less an original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-4). On January
24, 2023, the Company executed a fifth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 90,166, less an original issue discount and
fee of 25,166 (Note 40-5). On March 21, 2023, the Company executed a sixth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 136,666,
less an original issue discount and fee of 39,166 (Note 40-6). On June 5, 2023, the Company executed a seventh tranche under this note
in the principal amount of 136,667, less original issue discount and fee of 39,167 (Note 40-7). On June 13, 2023, the Company executed
an eighth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 21,167, less original issue discount and fee of 5,167 (Note 40-8). On July
19, 2023, the Company executed a ninth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 35,500, less an original issue discount and
fee of 8,875 (Note 40-9). On July 24, 2023, the Company executed a tenth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 14,000,
less an original issue discount and fee of 3,500 (Note 40-10). On December 1, 2023, the Company executed amendment on Notes series 40
consolidated senior secured convertible promissory note to extend the expired tranche note 40-1 through 40-5 due date to September
20, 2024. All of the Note 40 tranches mature in one year from the note issuance date and accrue interest at a rate of 10 per annum. 

Note 41 

On August 25, 2023, the Company issued a twelve-month
convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 5,000 to the Company s CEO for the Company s operating expenses. The
rate of interest is 10 per annum. 

 shares of series A preferred stock, shares of series B preferred stock, shares of series C
preferred stock, shares of series E preferred stock, shares of series F-1 preferred stock, shares of series
I preferred stock, shares of series J preferred stock, shares of series L preferred stock, shares of series
N senior convertible preferred stock, shares of series R convertible preferred stock and shares of series X senior convertible
preferred stock. 

The following is a description of the rights and
preferences of each series of preferred stock. 

Redeemable Preferred Stock 

The Company recognized the series N senior convertible
preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock and series X senior convertible preferred stock as mezzanine equity in accordance
with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series N senior convertible
preferred stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common
stock and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series N senior convertible preferred
stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series N senior convertible preferred
stock; and (iii) junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company
and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights. Holders of series N senior
convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 12.0 of the stated value 4.00 per share); provided that
upon an event of default (as defined in the certificate of designation for the series N senior convertible preferred stock), such rate
shall increase by 8 per annum. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends shall
be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common stock at the Company s discretion. Dividends payable
in common stock shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the volume weighted average price for the common
stock on the Company s principal trading market (the VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the
applicable dividend payment date. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cumulative dividends on Series N Preferred Stock were 
and , respectively. 

Liquidation Rights. Subject to the rights
of creditors and the holders of any senior securities or parity securities (in each case, as defined in the certificate of designation),
upon any liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Company (whether capital
or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of junior securities (as defined in the certificate of designation), including
the common stock, each holder of outstanding series N senior convertible preferred stock shall be entitled to receive an amount of cash
equal to 115 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon
(whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. 

Voting Rights . Holders of series N senior
convertible preferred stock do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any shares of series N senior convertible preferred
stock are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the series N senior convertible preferred stock, which majority
must include SILAC Insurance Company so long as it holds any shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate
class, shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the certificate
of designation or prior to the Company s (or Nova s) creation or issuance of any parity securities or new indebtedness (as
defined in the certificate of designation); provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds
of which will be used to redeem the series N senior convertible preferred stock and the warrants issued in connection therewith. In addition,
the affirmative vote of holders of 66 of the series N senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, is required prior
to the Company s (or Nova s) creation or issuance of any senior securities. 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of series
N senior convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by dividing
the stated value 4.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price of 900 per share
(subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock splits, stock combinations, stock reclassifications, dividends paid in common
stock, sales of substantially all assets, mergers, consolidations or similar transactions); provided that in no event shall the holder
of any series N senior convertible preferred stock be entitled to convert any number of shares that upon conversion the sum of (i) the
number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of shares of common stock issuable
upon the conversion of the series N senior convertible preferred stock with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being
made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding common stock. This
limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days 
prior notice to the Company. 

Redemption Rights . The Company may redeem
the series N senior convertible preferred stock at any time by paying in cash therefore a sum equal to 115 of the stated value of 4.00
per share, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designation.
In addition, any holder may require the Company to redeem some or all of its shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock on
the same terms after a period of twelve months from the date of issuance; provided, however, that such redemption right shall only be
exercisable if the Company raises at least 5,000,000 or the common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock
Exchange. 

Series R Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series R convertible preferred
stock ranks, with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock, series
B preferred stock, series C preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series I preferred stock, series J
preferred stock, series L preferred stock and to each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the
series R convertible preferred stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the
series R convertible preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible
preferred stock and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series R convertible
preferred stock, as well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
R convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends in the amount of twelve percent (12 per annum, payable quarterly.
In addition, holders of series R convertible preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock
basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares
of common stock. Any dividends that are not paid when due shall continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee, which must be paid in
cash, at the rate of 18 per annum or the lesser rate permitted by applicable law which shall accrue and compound daily from the missed
payment date through and including the date of actual payment in full. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cumulative dividends on
Series R Preferred Stock were and , respectively. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series R convertible preferred stock shall
be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company an amount equal to the stated value 1,200), plus
any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing, for each share of series R convertible
preferred stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any junior securities. 

Voting Rights . The holders of series R
convertible preferred stock will vote together with the common stock on an as-converted basis. However, as long as any shares of series
R convertible preferred stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
then outstanding shares of the series R convertible preferred stock, directly and/or indirectly (i) alter or change adversely the powers,
preferences or rights given to the series R convertible preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation, (ii) authorize
or create any class of stock ranking as to redemption or distribution of assets upon a liquidation senior to, or otherwise pari passu 
with, the series R convertible preferred stock, or authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends senior to, or otherwise
 pari passu with, the series R convertible preferred stock, (iii) amend its articles of incorporation or other charter documents
in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of the series R convertible preferred stock, (iv) increase the number of
authorized shares of series R convertible preferred stock, or (v) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of series
R convertible preferred stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by dividing the stated value 1,200 per share) by a conversion
price equal to the lower of (i) 75.0 and (ii) the lowest daily VWAP during the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to the applicable
conversion date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not effect any conversion of the series R convertible preferred stock,
and a holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the series R convertible preferred stock, to the extent that, after giving
effect to the conversion, such holder (together with such holder s affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such
holder or any of such holder s affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the then outstanding common stock. The conversion
price is subject to adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the common stock, as well as for mergers, business combinations and certain other fundamental transactions. In
addition, subject to certain exceptions, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of common stock or common stock equivalents
for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing ), the holder may elect, in
its sole discretion, to exchange (in lieu of conversion), if applicable, all or some of the shares of series R convertible preferred stock
then held for any securities or units issued in a Subsequent Financing on a 1.00 for 1.00 basis. 

Participation Rights . Subject to certain
exceptions, upon a Subsequent Financing, a holder of at least 100 shares of series R convertible preferred stock shall have the right
to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100 of the Subsequent Financing on the same terms, conditions
and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. 

Company Redemption Rights . The Company
has the right to redeem all (but not less than all), shares of the series R convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding at any
time upon three (3) business days notice, at a redemption price per share equal to the product of (i) the Premium Rate multiplied
by (ii) the sum of (x) the stated value 1,200), (y) all accrued but unpaid dividends, and (z) all other amounts due to the holder. Premium
Rate means (a) 1.1 if all of the series R convertible preferred stock is redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance
date thereof; (b) 1.2 if all of the series R convertible preferred stock is redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days and within one hundred
twenty (120) calendar days from the issuance date thereof; (c) 1.3 if all of the series R convertible preferred stock is redeemed after
one hundred twenty (120) calendar days and within one hundred eighty (180) calendar days from the issuance date thereof; and (iv) 1.0
if all of the series R convertible preferred stock is redeemed after one hundred eighty (180) calendar days. 

Redemption Upon Triggering Events . Upon
the occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined below), each holder of series R convertible preferred stock shall (in addition to all
other rights it may have) have the right, exercisable at the sole option of such holder, to require the Company to (A) redeem all of the
series R convertible preferred stock then held by such holder for a redemption price, in cash, equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount
(as defined below), or (B) at the option of each holder either (i) redeem all of the series R convertible preferred stock then held by
such holder though the issuance to such holder of such number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient of (x) the Triggering Redemption
Amount, divided by (y) the lowest of (1) the conversion price, and (2) 75 of the average of the 10 VWAPs immediately prior to the date
of election, or (ii) increase the dividend rate on all of the outstanding series R convertible preferred stock held by such holder retroactively
to the initial issuance date to 18 per annum thereafter. Triggering Redemption Amount means, for each share of series R
convertible preferred stock, the sum of (a) the greater of (i) 130 of the stated value and (ii) the product of (y) the VWAP on the trading
day immediately preceding the date of the Triggering Event, multiplied by (z) the stated value divided by the then applicable conversion
price, (b) all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon and (c) all liquidated damages, late fees and other costs, expenses or amounts due
in respect of the series R convertible preferred stock including, but not limited to legal fees and expenses of legal counsel to the holder
in connection with, related to and/or arising out of a Triggering Event. A Triggering Event means any of the following events
(whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

the Company shall fail to deliver the shares of common stock issuable upon a conversion prior to the fifth
(5 th trading day after such shares are required to be delivered, or the Company shall provide written notice to any holder,
including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with requests for conversion of any shares of series
R convertible preferred stock in accordance with the terms of the certificate of designation; 

the Company shall fail for any reason to pay in full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In (as defined
in the certificate of designation) within five (5) trading days after notice therefor is delivered; 

the Company shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of common
stock to issue to such holder upon a conversion; 

unless specifically addressed elsewhere in the certificate of designation as a Triggering Event, the Company
shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of the Transaction
Documents (as defined in the certificate of designation), and such failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility of a cure
by the Company, have been cured within five (5) calendar days after the date on which written notice of such failure or breach shall have
been delivered; 

the Company shall redeem junior securities or pari passu securities; 

the Company shall be party to a Change of Control Transaction (as defined in the certificate of designation); 

there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event (as defined in the certificate of designation); 

any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any
subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than 50,000 (provided that amounts covered by the Company s
insurance policies are not counted toward this 50,000 threshold), and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) trading days; 

the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of common stock through the Depository Trust Company
or another established clearing corporation once established subsequent to the date of the certificate of designation is no longer available
or is subject to a freeze and/or chill; or 

any Event of Default, as defined in the Purchase Agreement (as defined in the certificate
of designation). 

Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series X senior convertible
preferred stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common
stock and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series X senior convertible preferred
stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series X senior convertible preferred
stock; and (iii) junior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock, all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets
available to satisfy claims against the Company and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series X senior convertible
preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights. Holders of series X senior
convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 10.0 of the stated value 4.00 per share); provided that
upon an event of default (as defined in the certificate of designation for the series X senior convertible preferred stock), such rate
shall increase by 5 per annum. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends shall
be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cumulative dividends on Series
X Preferred Stock were and , respectively. 

Liquidation Rights. Subject to the rights
of creditors and the holders of any senior securities, including the series N senior convertible preferred stock, or parity securities
(in each case, as defined in the certificate of designation), upon any liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries, before any payment
or distribution of the assets of the Company (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of junior securities
(as defined in the certificate of designation), including the common stock, each holder of outstanding series N senior convertible preferred
stock shall be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to 100 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus an amount of cash equal
to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution
to such holders. 

Voting Rights . Holders of series X senior
convertible preferred stock do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any shares of series X senior convertible preferred
stock are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the series X senior convertible preferred stock, which majority
must include Leonite Capital LLC so long as it holds any shares of series X senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the certificate
of designation or prior to the creation or issuance of any parity securities or new indebtedness (as defined in the certificate of designation);
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds of which will be used to redeem the series
X senior convertible preferred stock and the warrants issued in connection therewith. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of
66 of the series X senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, is required prior to the creation or issuance of any
senior securities. 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of series
X senior convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by dividing
the stated value 4.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price equal to the lower
of (i) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date and (ii) the price per share
paid in any subsequent financing (the Fixed Price ). The Fixed Price is subject to standard adjustments in the event of any
stock splits, stock combinations, stock reclassifications, dividends paid in common stock, sales of substantially all assets, mergers,
consolidations or similar transactions, as well as a price based antidilution adjustment, pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions,
if the Company issues common stock at a price lower than the Fixed Price, the Fixed Price shall decrease to such lower price. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the holder of any series X senior convertible preferred stock be entitled to convert any number of shares
that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii)
the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the series X senior convertible preferred stock with respect to which
the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 
of the then outstanding common stock. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion,
upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to the Company. 

Redemption Rights . Commencing on September
22, 2023, any holder may require the Company to redeem its shares by the payment in cash therefore of a sum equal to 100 of the stated
value of 4.00 per share, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of the certificate
of designation; provided however, that in the event that the Company completes a public offering prior to the redemption date, then any
holder may only cause the Company to redeem any outstanding series X senior convertible preferred stock by paying such redemption price
in twelve (12) equal monthly installments with the first such payment due on the date that is six (6) months following the date that the
Company completes such public offering. 

Non-redeemable Preferred Stock 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series A preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock and each other class or series that is not
expressly made senior to or on parity with the series A preferred stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly
subordinated or made senior to the series A preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series B preferred stock, series C preferred stock,
series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series I preferred stock, series J preferred stock, series L preferred stock, series
N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock and each other
series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series A preferred stock, as well as to all indebtedness
and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The series A preferred
stock is not entitled to participate in any distributions or payments to the holders of common stock or any other class of stock and shall
have no economic interest in the Company. 

Liquidation Rights . In the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntarily or involuntarily, a merger or consolidation of the Company wherein
the Company is not the surviving entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the holders of each share
of series A preferred stock shall be entitled to receive from any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company, before
and in preference of any holder of shares of common stock, an amount equal to the stated value of 250. Once the holders receive the foregoing
from any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders shall not participate with the common stock or any other class of stock. 

Voting Rights . Each share of series A preferred
stock shall have a number of votes at any time equal to (i) 25 of the number of votes then held or entitled to be made by all other equity
securities of the Company, including, without limitation, the common stock, plus (ii) one (1). The series A preferred stock shall vote
on any matter submitted to the holders of the common stock, or any other class of voting securities, for a vote, and shall vote together
with the common stock, or any class of voting securities, as applicable, on such matter for as long as the shares of series A preferred
stock are issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the series A preferred stock shall not have the right to vote on any
matter as to which solely another series of preferred stock is entitled to vote pursuant to the Company s amended and restated articles
of incorporation or a certificate of designation of such other series of preferred stock. 

Transfer . Upon transfer of any share of
series A preferred stock, except for a transfer by the holder to an affiliate, whether such transfer is voluntary or involuntary, such
share of series A preferred stock shall automatically, and without any action being required by the Company or the holder, be converted
into one (1) share of common stock. 

Other Rights . Holders of series A preferred
stock do not have any conversion (except as set forth above) or redemption rights. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series B preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock and to each other
class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series B preferred stock; (ii) on parity with the series C
preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series J preferred stock, series L preferred stock and each other
class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series B preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series I preferred
stock, series N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock
and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series B preferred stock, as
well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
B preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series B preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series B preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series B preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
B preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . On any matter presented
to stockholders for their action or consideration, each holder of series B preferred stock shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote per
share of series B preferred stock held. Except as provided by law, the holders of series B preferred stock shall vote together with the
holders of shares of common stock as a single class. However, as long as any shares of series B preferred stock are outstanding, the Company
shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series B preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the series B preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation for the series
B preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series B preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
B preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares of
common stock as is determined as follows: (i) if the closing market price of the common stock on the principal trading market on which
the common stock is then traded or quoted is less than 4.00 per share, then each share of series B preferred stock shall be convertible
into a number of shares of common stock equal to two (2) times the stated value 4.00 per share), divided by such closing market price
on the date of conversion; or (ii) if such closing market price is equal to or greater than 4.00 per share, then each share of series
B preferred stock shall be convertible into two (2) shares of common stock. In addition, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing
of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price of at least 3.00 per share in a public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement or offering statement under the Securities Act resulting in at least 3,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company,
(b) the date on which the shares of common stock of the Company are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation
the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier), or (c) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series B preferred stock, voting
together as a single class, each share of series B preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common
stock as is determined in accordance with the provisions above. Such conversion price is subject to standard adjustments in the event
of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for reverse stock splits). 

Redemption Rights . Holders of series B
preferred stock do not have any redemption rights. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series C preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock and to each other
class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series C preferred stock; (ii) on parity with the series B
preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series J preferred stock, series L preferred stock and each other
class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series C preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series I preferred
stock, series N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock
and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series C preferred stock, as
well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
C preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series C preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series C preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series C preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
C preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . On any matter presented
to stockholders for their action or consideration, each holder of series C preferred stock shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote per
share of series C preferred stock held. Except as provided by law, the holders of series C preferred stock shall vote together with the
holders of shares of common stock as a single class. However, as long as any shares of series C preferred stock are outstanding, the Company
shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series C preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the series C preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation for the series
C preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series C preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
C preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares of
common stock as is determined by dividing the stated value 4.00 per share) by a conversion price of 0.00004. In addition, on the date
on which the shares of common stock are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange,
NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier) (a Listing Event ), all outstanding shares of series C preferred stock
shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common stock as is determined by dividing 50,000 by the highest traded
or closing price on such date, which such shares of common stock shall be issued pro rata among the holders of the outstanding series
C preferred stock. Finally, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price
of at least 3.00 per share (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar
recapitalization with respect to the common stock) in a public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement or offering statement
under the Securities Act resulting in at least 3,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company or (b) the date and time, or the occurrence
of an event, specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series C preferred
stock, voting together as a single class, each share of series C preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of
shares of common stock as is determined by dividing the stated value 4.00 per share) by a conversion price of 0.00004. Such conversion
price is subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for
reverse stock splits). 

Redemption Rights . If there is a Listing
Event, the Company shall have the right (but not the obligation) to redeem shares of series C preferred stock at a price per share of
 50,000. 

Series E Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series E preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock and to each other
class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series E preferred stock; (ii) on parity with the series B
preferred stock, series C preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series J preferred stock, series L preferred stock and each other
class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series E preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series I preferred
stock, series N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock
and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series E preferred stock, as
well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
E preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series E preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series E preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series E preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
E preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . On any matter presented
to stockholders for their action or consideration, each holder of series E preferred stock shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote per
share of series E preferred stock held. Except as provided by law, the holders of series E preferred stock shall vote together with the
holders of shares of common stock as a single class. However, as long as any shares of series E preferred stock are outstanding, the Company
shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series E preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the series E preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation for the series
E preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series E preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
E preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares of
common stock as is determined as follows: (i) if the closing market price of the common stock on the principal trading market on which
the common stock is then traded or quoted is less than 4.00 per share, then each share of series E preferred stock shall be convertible
into a number of shares of common stock equal to two (2) times the stated value 4.00 per share), divided by such closing market price
on the date of conversion; or (ii) if such closing market price is equal to or greater than 4.00 per share, then each share of series
E preferred stock shall be convertible into two (2) shares of common stock. In addition, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing
of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price of at least 3.00 per share in a public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement or offering statement under the Securities Act resulting in at least 3,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company,
(b) the date on which the shares of common stock of the Company are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation
the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier), or (c) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series E preferred stock, voting
together as a single class, each share of series E preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common
stock as is determined in accordance with the provisions above. Such conversion price is subject to standard adjustments in the event
of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for reverse stock splits). 

Series F-1 Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series F-1 preferred stock
ranks, with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock and to each
other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series F-1 preferred stock; (ii) on parity with the series
B preferred stock, series C preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series J preferred stock, series L preferred stock and each other
class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series F-1 preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series I
preferred stock, series N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred
stock and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series F-1 preferred stock,
as well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
F-1 preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series F-1 preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series F-1 preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series F-1 preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
F-1 preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . Except as provided by law,
the holders of series F-1 preferred stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of series F-1 preferred stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series F-1 preferred stock,
(a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the series F-1 preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate
of designation for the series F-1 preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or
other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series F-1 preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
F-1 preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares
of common stock as is determined as follows: (i) if the closing market price of the common stock on the principal trading market on which
the common stock is then traded or quoted is less than 4.00 per share, then each share of series F-1 preferred stock shall be convertible
into a number of shares of common stock equal to two (2) times the stated value 4.00 per share), divided by such closing market price
on the date of conversion; or (ii) if such closing market price is equal to or greater than 4.00 per share, then each share of series
F-1 preferred stock shall be convertible into two (2) shares of common stock. In addition, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing
of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price of at least 3.00 per share in a public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement or offering statement under the Securities Act resulting in at least 3,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company,
(b) the date on which the shares of common stock of the Company are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation
the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier), or (c) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series F-1 preferred stock, voting
together as a single class, each share of series F-1 preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common
stock as is determined in accordance with the provisions above. Such conversion price is subject to standard adjustments in the event
of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for reverse stock splits). 

Redemption Rights . Holders of series F-1
preferred stock do not have any redemption rights. 

Series I Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series I preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock, series B preferred
stock, series C preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series J preferred stock, series L preferred stock
and to each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series I preferred stock; (ii) on parity
with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series I preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series
N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock and to each other
series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series I preferred stock, as well as to all indebtedness
and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
I preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series I preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series I preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series I preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
I preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . On any matter presented
to stockholders for their action or consideration, each holder of series I preferred stock shall be entitled to cast five (5) votes per
share of series I preferred stock held. Except as provided by law, the holders of series I preferred stock shall vote together with the
holders of shares of common stock as a single class. However, as long as any shares of series I preferred stock are outstanding, the Company
shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series I preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the series I preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation for the series
I preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series I preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
I preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares of
common stock as is determined as follows: (i) if the closing market price of the common stock on the principal trading market on which
the common stock is then traded or quoted is less than 4.00 per share, then each share of series I preferred stock shall be convertible
into a number of shares of common stock equal to two (2) times the stated value 4.00 per share), divided by such closing market price
on the date of conversion; or (ii) if such closing market price is equal to or greater than 4.00 per share, then each share of series
I preferred stock shall be convertible into two (2) shares of common stock. In addition, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing
of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price of at least 3.00 per share in a public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement or offering statement under the Securities Act resulting in at least 10,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company,
(b) the date on which the shares of common stock of the Company are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation
the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier), or (c) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series I preferred stock, voting
together as a single class, each share of series I preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common
stock as is determined in accordance with the provisions above. Such conversion price is subject to standard adjustments in the event
of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for reverse stock splits). 

Redemption Rights . Holders of series I
preferred stock do not have any redemption rights. 

Series J Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series J preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock and to each other
class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series J preferred stock; (ii) on parity with the series B
preferred stock, series C preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series L preferred stock and each other
class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series J preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series I preferred
stock, series N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock
and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series J preferred stock, as
well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
J preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series J preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series J preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series J preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
J preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . On any matter presented
to stockholders for their action or consideration, each holder of series J preferred stock shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote per
share of series J preferred stock held. Except as provided by law, the holders of series J preferred stock shall vote together with the
holders of shares of common stock as a single class. However, as long as any shares of series J preferred stock are outstanding, the Company
shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series J preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the series J preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation for the series
J preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series J preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
J preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares of
common stock as is determined as follows: (i) if the closing market price of the common stock on the principal trading market on which
the common stock is then traded or quoted is less than 4.00 per share, then each share of series J preferred stock shall be convertible
into a number of shares of common stock equal to two (2) times the stated value 4.00 per share), divided by such closing market price
on the date of conversion; or (ii) if such closing market price is equal to or greater than 4.00 per share, then each share of series
J preferred stock shall be convertible into two (2) shares of common stock. In addition, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing
of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price of at least 3.00 per share in a public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement or offering statement under the Securities Act resulting in at least 3,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company,
(b) the date on which the shares of common stock of the Company are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation
the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier), or (c) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series J preferred stock, voting
together as a single class, each share of series J preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common
stock as is determined in accordance with the provisions above. Such conversion price is subject to standard adjustments in the event
of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for reverse stock splits). 

Redemption Rights . Holders of series J
preferred stock do not have any redemption rights. 

Series L Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series L preferred stock ranks,
with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common stock, series A preferred stock and to each other
class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series L preferred stock; (ii) on parity with the series B
preferred stock, series C preferred stock, series E preferred stock, series F-1 preferred stock, series J preferred stock and each other
class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series L preferred stock; and (iii) junior to the series I preferred
stock, series N senior convertible preferred stock, series R convertible preferred stock, series X senior convertible preferred stock
and to each other series of preferred stock and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series L preferred stock, as
well as to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company. 

Dividend Rights. The holders of series
L preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends equal (on an as converted to common stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends shall be
paid on shares of series L preferred stock. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of series L preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the shares of series L preferred
stock were fully converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, which amount shall be paid to the holders of series
L preferred stock pari passu with all holders of parity securities and in preference to the holders of junior securities. 

Voting Rights . On any matter presented
to stockholders for their action or consideration, each holder of series L preferred stock shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote per
share of series L preferred stock held. Except as provided by law, the holders of series L preferred stock shall vote together with the
holders of shares of common stock as a single class. However, as long as any shares of series L preferred stock are outstanding, the Company
shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of outstanding series L preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the series J preferred stock or alter or amend the certificate of designation for the series
L preferred stock, or (b) amend the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series L preferred stock. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
L preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, into such number of shares of
common stock as is determined as follows: (i) if the closing market price of the common stock on the principal trading market on which
the common stock is then traded or quoted is less than 4.00 per share, then each share of series L preferred stock shall be convertible
into a number of shares of common stock equal to two (2) times the stated value 4.00 per share), divided by such closing market price
on the date of conversion; or (ii) if such closing market price is equal to or greater than 4.00 per share, then each share of series
L preferred stock shall be convertible into two (2) shares of common stock. In addition, upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the closing
of the sale of shares of common stock to the public at a price of at least 3.00 per share in a public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement or offering statement under the Securities Act resulting in at least 3,000,000 of gross proceeds to the Company,
(b) the date on which the shares of common stock of the Company are listed on a national stock exchange, including without limitation
the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market (any tier), or (c) the date and time, or the occurrence of an event,
specified by vote or written consent of the holders of at least 67 of the then outstanding shares of series L preferred stock, voting
together as a single class, each share of series L preferred stock shall be automatically converted into such number of shares of common
stock as is determined in accordance with the provisions above. Such conversion price is subject to standard adjustments in the event
of any stock dividends, stock reclassifications and similar events (but not for reverse stock splits). 

Redemption Rights . Holders of series L
preferred stock do not have any redemption rights. 

Preferred Stock Transactions 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024,
the Company executed the following transactions: 

On January 19, 2024, the Company issued shares of series I preferred stock to each of Daniel R.
Thompson, the Chairman of the Board, and Alex Cunningham, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, for bonus compensation
for the fiscal year of 2023, at the fair value of 4.48 per share. 

On January 31, 2024, the Company issued shares of series I preferred stock to Matthrew Shafer, the
Company s Chief Financial Officer, for , at the fair value of 4.48 per share. 

On January 31, 2024, the Company issued shares of series I preferred stock to Zia Choe, the Company s
Chief Accounting Officer, for , at the fair value of 4.48 per share. 

In connection with these aforementioned shares issuances
on January 19, 2024 and January 31, 2024, the Company engaged a valuation specialist to perform a business valuation monte carlo simulation
for the series I preferred stock resulting in those indicated fair values. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, an aggregate of shares of series B preferred stock
were converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, an aggregate of shares of series C preferred stock were
converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, an aggregate of shares of series I preferred stock
were converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, an aggregate of shares of series J preferred stock
were converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, shares of series C preferred stock were cancelled, which
were issued erroneously. 

The Company had no preferred stock transactions
during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

Common Stock 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024,
the Company executed the following transactions: 

During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion
of certain convertible notes. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common
stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of shares of series B preferred stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common
stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of shares of series C preferred stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common
stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of shares of series I preferred stock. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common
stock upon the conversion of an aggregate of shares of series J preferred stock. 

On March 5, 2024, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock to an investor relation service provider. The Company recognized the fair value for the issuance of the 7,500
 shares at 
 per share on the closing market price of March 5, 2024 and recorded selling, general and administrative expense of 
 in the consolidated statement of operations. 

On March 26, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to three board members.
The Company recognized the fair value for the issuance of 30,500 shares at per share on the closing market price of March 26, 2024
and recorded share based compensation expense of in the consolidated statement of operations. 

In February 2024, as part of the Red Rock settlement executed in July 2022, the Company issued an
 aggregate of 
 shares of common stock to six previous owners. The Company recognized the fair value for the issuance of 37,104 shares at 
 per share on the closing market price of February 4 through February 6, 2024, and recorded share loss from discontinued operations
 of 
 in the consolidated statement of operations. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion
of certain convertible notes. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Warrants Exercisable at March 31, 2024 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2023 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Warrants Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

shares of common stock to six previous owners. The Company recognized the fair value for the issuance of 37,104
shares at 
 per share on the closing market price of February 4 through February 6, 2024, and recorded share loss from discontinued operations
of 
in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net liabilities of discontinued operations 

Three Months Ended March 31, 
 
 Gain (Loss) from discontinued operations 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Interest expense 

Settlement loss 

Loss from discontinued operations 

impairment. 

and for the three
months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The Company has operating leases with future
commitments as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Total 

The following table summarizes supplemental information
about the Company s leases: 

 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Employees 

The Company agreed to pay 360,000 per year and
 200,000 of targeted annual incentives to the Chief Executive Officer based on his employment agreement since July 1, 2020, of which currently
50 is paid in cash and 50 is accrued. The total outstanding accrued compensation as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was . 

The Company agreed to pay 360,000 per year and
 200,000 of targeted annual incentives to the Chairman of the Board based on his employment agreement since July 1, 2020, of which currently
50 is paid in cash and 50 is accrued. The total outstanding accrued compensation as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 
and , respectively. 

The Company agreed to pay 
per year to the Chief Finance Officer based on his employment agreement effective as of January 2, 2024. There was 
outstanding accrued compensation as of March 31, 2024. 

The Company agreed to pay per year to
the Chief Accounting Officer based on her employment agreement effective as of January 2, 2024. There was outstanding accrued compensation as
of March 31, 2024. 

The Company agreed to pay per year to
the previous Chief Financial Officer based on his amended employment agreement executed on May 15, 2021. The total outstanding accrued
compensation as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was . 

The Company entered into a management agreement
effective May 31, 2021 for compensation to the principals of Nova in the form of an annual base salaries of to one of the three
doctors, to the second, and to the third doctor. Collectively, as a group, such principals will receive an annual cash
bonus and stock equity set forth below, which will be conditioned upon the Company achieving 100 of the annual objectives of financial
performance goals as set forth below. 

.0M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2022 
 M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2023 
 M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2024 
 M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2025 
 .0M 
 
 Shares 

Management uses numerous tools and methods to
evaluate and measure of its subsidiaries success. To help succeed, management retains the prior owners of the subsidiaries and
allow them to do what they do best is run the business. Additionally, management monitors key metrics primarily revenues and net income
from operations. 

Real Estate 

Others 

Consolidated assets 

Three Months Ended March 31, 

2024 
(Restated) 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Consolidated revenues 

Cost of sales: 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Consolidated cost of sales 

Income from operations from subsidiaries 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Income from operations from subsidiaries 

Loss from operations from Cardiff Lexington 

Total income from operations 

Income before taxes 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Corporate, administration and other non-operating expenses 

Consolidated income (loss) before taxes 

43 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following management s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment
and understanding of our plans and financial condition . The following financial information is derived from our financial statements
and should be read in conjunction with such financial statements and notes thereto set forth elsewhere herein. 

Use of Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context and
for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to we, us, our and our
company are to Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information
currently available to us. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements relate
to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to successfully identify and acquire
additional businesses; 
 
 our ability to effectively integrate and operate
the businesses that we acquire; 
 
 our expectations around the performance of our
current businesses; 
 
 our ability to maintain our business model and
improve our capital efficiency; 
 
 our ability to effectively manage the growth
of our business; 
 
 our ability to maintain profitability; 
 
 the competitive environment in which our businesses
operate; 
 
 trends in the industries in which our businesses
operate; 
 
 the regulatory environment in which our businesses
operate under; 
 
 changes in general economic or business conditions
or economic or demographic trends in the United States, including changes in interest rates and inflation; 
 
 our ability to service and comply with the terms
of indebtedness; 

44 

our ability to retain or replace qualified employees
of our businesses; 
 
 labor disputes, strikes or other employee disputes
or grievances; 
 
 casualties, condemnation or catastrophic failures
with respect to any of our business facilities; 
 
 costs and effects of legal and administrative
proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; and 
 
 extraordinary or force majeure events affecting
the business or operations of our businesses. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, could, will, should, would, expect, 
 plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, 
 potential, project or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Item
1A Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. If one or more of these
risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly
from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to
unduly rely upon these statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this report
relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in this report. Except as expressly required by the
federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

Overview 

We are an acquisition holding company focused
on locating undervalued and undercapitalized companies, primarily in the healthcare industry, and providing them capitalization and leadership
to maximize the value and potential of their private enterprises while also providing diversification and risk mitigation for our stockholders.
Specifically, we have and will continue to look at a diverse variety of acquisitions in the healthcare sector in terms of growth stages
and capital structures and we intend to focus our portfolio of subsidiaries approximately as follows: 80 will be targeted to established
profitable niche small to mid-sized healthcare companies and 20 will be targeted to second stage startups in healthcare and related financial
services (emerging businesses with a strong organic growth plan that is materially cash generative). 

On May 31, 2021, we acquired Nova Ortho and Spine,
LLC, or Nova, which operates a group of regional primary specialty and ancillary care facilities throughout Florida that provide traumatic
injury victims with primary care evaluations, interventional pain management, and specialty consultation services. We focus on plaintiff
related care are and a highly efficient provider of emergency medical condition, or EMC, assessments. We provide a full range of diagnostic
and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments, and
nerves. From sports injuries, to sprains, strains, and fractures, our doctors are dedicated to helping patients return to active lifestyles. 

45 

We also own a real estate company, Edge View Properties,
Inc., or Edge View, which we acquired on July 16, 2014. Edge View owns five (5) acres zoned medium density residential (MDR) with 12 lots
already platted, six (6) acres zoned high-density residential (HDR) that can be platted in various configurations to meet current
housing needs, and twelve (12) acres zoned in Lemhi County as Agriculture that is available for further annexation into the City of Salmon
for development, as well as a common area for landowners to view wildlife, provide access to the Salmon River and fishing in a two (2)
acre pond. Management has invested years working to develop a new and exciting housing development in Salmon, Idaho and plans
to enter into a joint venture agreement with a developer for this planned concept development. 

All of our operations are conducted through, and
our income derived from, our two subsidiaries. 

Segments 

As of March 31, 2024, we had two reportable operating
segments as determined by management using the management approach as defined by the authoritative guidance on Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information . 

(1) Healthcare (Nova) 
 
 (2) Real Estate (Edge View) 

These segments are a result of differences in
the nature of the products and services sold. Corporate administration costs, which include, but are not limited to, general accounting,
human resources, legal and credit and collections, are partially allocated to the three operating segments. Other revenue consists of
nonrecurring items. 

The healthcare segment provides a full range of
diagnostic and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments,
and nerves. 

The real estate segment consists of Edge View,
a real estate company that owns five (5) acres zoned medium density residential (MDR) with 12 lots already platted, six (6) acres zoned
high-density residential (HDR) that can be platted in various configurations to meet current housing needs, and twelve (12) acres
zoned in Lemhi County as Agriculture that is available for further annexation into the City of Salmon for development, as well as a common
area for landowners to view wildlife, provide access to the Salmon River and fishing in a two (2) acre pond. 

Management uses numerous tools and methods to
evaluate and measure our subsidiaries success. To help succeed, management retains the prior owners of the subsidiaries and allows
them to do what they do best is run the business. Additionally, management monitors key metrics primarily revenues and net income from
operations. 

Discontinued Operations 

On November 10, 2023, we sold our financial services
(tax resolution) business, Platinum Tax Defenders, or Platinum Tax, that we acquired on July 31, 2018, which was a full-service tax resolution
firm located in Los Angeles, California. As part of the asset purchase agreement between us and the purchaser, the assets that were purchased
included substantially all assets, rights, interests, and licenses, except for bank accounts in place prior to the sale, for the purchase
consideration of 15 of cash collected by the purchaser within one year following the sale date. 

46 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Three Months Ended March 31,
2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth key components
of our results of operations during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, both in dollars and as a percentage of our revenue. 

March 31, 2024 
 March 31, 2023 

Amount 
 of Revenue 
 Amount 
 of Revenue 
 
 Total revenue 
 2,322,132 
 100.00 
 2,706,399 
 100.00 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 948,154 
 40.83 
 956,295 
 35.33 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,373,978 
 59.17 
 1,750,104 
 64.67 
 
 Operating expenses 

Depreciation expense 
 3,365 
 0.14 
 4,635 
 0.17 
 
 Share based compensations 
 300,225 
 12.93 

Selling, general and administrative 
 851,396 
 36.66 
 987,921 
 36.50 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,154,986 
 49.74 
 992,556 
 36.67 
 
 Income from continuing operations 
 218,992 
 9.43 
 757,548 
 27.99 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 

205 
 0.01 
 
 Gain on debt refinance and forgiveness 

390 
 0.01 
 
 Penalties and fees 
 (1,000 
 (0.04) 
 (17,000 
 (0.63) 
 
 Interest expense 
 (376,269 
 (16.20) 
 (693,661 
 (25.63) 
 
 Amortization of debt discounts 
 (13,515 
 (0.58) 
 (17,983 
 (0.66) 
 
 Total other (expense) 
 (390,784 
 (16.83) 
 (728,049 
 (26.90) 
 
 Net income (loss) before discontinued operations 
 (171,792 
 (7.40) 
 29,499 
 1.09 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (111,312 
 (4.79) 
 (45,490 
 (1.68) 
 
 Net (loss) 
 (283,104 
 (12.19) 
 (15,991 
 (0.59) 

Revenue . For the three months ended
March 31, 2024 and 2023, all of our revenue was generated by our healthcare segment, which generates revenue through a full range of diagnostic
and surgical services. Our total revenue decreased by 384,267, or 14.20 , to 2,322,132 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 from
 2,706,399 for the three months ended March 31, 2023. The decrease in revenue is primarily attributable to the mix of services provided
during the quarter with less higher revenue surgical procedures performed and an increase in the lower revenue pain management treatments
being performed for approximately the same number of patient visits in the current three month period as compared to the same three month
period in the prior year. Additionally, we underwent efforts to accelerate cash settlements of our accounts receivable throughout 2024
in order to generate cash flow for operating purposes. We did this by shortening our settlement negotiations with insurance companies
and accepting lower settlement realization rates. As a result of the new effort, during the three months ended March 31, 2024 we realized
a 42.9 average settlement rate of our gross billed charges during this time frame, which were historically recorded in accounts receivable
and revenue at 49 of gross billings. As a result of this reduced settlement realization percentage, we recorded a reduction to net revenue
of 339,834 for the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

Cost of sales . Consists of surgical
center and laboratory fees, physician and professional fees, salaries and wages and medical supplies. Our total cost of sales decreased
by 8,141, or 0.85 , to 948,154 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 from 956,295 for the three months ended March 31, 2023. Such
decrease was primarily due to a decrease in surgical contracted services and laboratory fees . 

Gross profit . As a result of the
foregoing, our total gross profit decreased by 376,126, or 21.49 , to 1,373,978 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 from 1,750,104
for the three months ended March 31, 2023. Our total gross margin (percent of revenue) decreased from 64.67 for the three months ended
March 31, 2023 to 59.17 for the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

47 

Depreciation expense . Our depreciation
expense was 3,365, or 0.14 of revenue, for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 4,635, or 0.17 of revenue, for the
three months ended March 31, 2023. The decrease in depreciation expense was due to certain assets becoming fully depreciated. 

Share based compensation expense .
Our share-based compensation expense was 300,225, or 12.93 of revenue, for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 0
for the three months ended March 31, 2023. The increase was due to stock issuances to an investor relation services to outside consultant,
stock issued to board members and stock issued as compensation for new employment bonuses to management. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses .
Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of accounting, auditing, legal and public reporting expenses, personnel
expenses, including employee salaries, bonuses plus related payroll taxes and stock compensation expense, advertising expenses, professional
advisor fees, rent expense, insurance and other expenses incurred in connection with general operations. Our selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased by 136,525, or 13.82 , to 851,396 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 from 987,921 for the three months ended
March 31, 2023. As a percentage of revenue, our selling, general and administrative expenses were 36.66 and 36.50 for the three months
ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Decreases were primarily attributable to decreased professional fees. 

Total other expense . We had 390,784
in total other expense, net, for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to other expense, net, of 728,049 for the three months
ended March 31, 2023. Other expense, net, for the three months ended March 31, 2024 consisted of interest expense of 376,269, amortization
of debt discounts of 13,515 and penalties and fees of 1,000. Other expense, net, for the three months ended March 31, 2023 consisted
of interest expense of 693,661, amortization of debt discounts of 17,983 and financing penalties and fees of 17,000, offset by a gain
on debt refinance of forgiveness of 390 and other income of 205. 

Discontinued operations . For
the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 , we recorded a loss from discontinued operations
of 111,312 and 45,490 , respectively. 

Net loss . As a result of the cumulative
effect of the factors described above, our net loss was 283,104 for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 15,991 for
the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 267,113. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of March 31, 2024, we
had 1,253,552 in cash . To date, we have financed our operations primarily through revenue generated from operations, sales of
securities, advances from stockholders and third-party and related party debt. 

We believe, based on our operating plan, that
current working capital and current and expected additional financing should be sufficient to fund operations and satisfy our obligations
as they come due for at least one year from the financial statement issuance date. However, additional
funds from new financing and/or future equity raises are required for continued operations and to execute our business plan and our strategy
of acquiring additional businesses. The funds required to sustain operations ranges between
 600,000 to 1 million and additional funds execute our business plan will depend on the size, capital structure and purchase price consideration
that the seller of a target business deems acceptable in a given transaction. The amount of funds needed to execute our business plan
also depends on what portion of the purchase price of a target business the seller of that business is willing to take in the form of
seller notes or our equity or equity in one of our subsidiaries. Given these factors, we believe that the amount of outside additional
capital necessary to execute our business plan on the low end (assuming target company sellers accept a significant portion of the purchase
price in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one of our subsidiaries) ranges between 4 million to 8 million. If, and
to the extent, that sellers are unwilling to accept a significant portion of the purchase price in seller notes and equity, then the cash
required to execute our business plan could be as much as 10 million. 

48 

We intend to raise capital for additional acquisitions
primarily through equity and debt financings. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The
incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial
covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. There
is no guarantee that we will be able to acquire additional businesses under the terms outlined above. 

The financial statements were prepared on a going
concern basis and do not include any adjustment with respect to these uncertainties. 

Summary of Cash Flow 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Three Months Ended March 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 
 (1,187,816 
 (160,989 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,463,113 
 239,250 
 
 Net change in cash 
 386,609 
 123,751 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 866,943 
 219,085 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 1,253,552 
 342,836 

Our net cash used in operating activities from
continuing operations was 1,187,816 for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 160,989 for the three months ended March
31, 2023. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, our net loss of 283,104, an decrease in accounts receivable of 1,344,676 and an
decrease in accrued officer s compensation of 410,000, offset by increase in share based compensation of 788,600 were the primary
drivers of our net cash used in operating activities. For the three months ended March 31, 2023, our net loss of 15,991 and an increase
in accounts receivable of 1,111,317, offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 270,710, bad debt of 270,000,
an increase in accrued officer s compensation of 154,000, and an increase in accrued interest of 122,508, were the primary drivers
for the cash used in operations. 

We monitor outstanding cases as they develop through
ongoing discussions with attorneys, doctors and our third party medical billing company and additionally monitor our settlement realization
rates over time. We have two primary methods of accelerating our cash settlement of our revenue and related accounts receivable. The first
is through factoring our receivables, which was done in 2023, but ended prior to April 2023. The second method is through accepting lower
settlement amounts during the final negotiations of the settlement, which is coordinated through our third party medical billing company.
When our third party medical billing company is provided with a settlement amount of 49 of gross charges or greater they will accept.
When presented with a lower amount we will discuss the reasons for the reduced rate and negotiate a higher rate. Shortening our negotiation
timeframe will typically result in a lower settlement realization rate, but will accelerate the cash settlement of the outstanding accounts
receivable. We began employing this second method in 2024, which reduced our settlement realization rate as described below. We have employed
both methods from time to time to accelerate our cash settlement and may employ one or both in the future. 

Prior to April 2023, we factored (sold) the vast
majority of our accounts receivable to third party(s) to generate working capital to fund ongoing business operations and growth. For
the three months ended March 31, 2023, we factored a total of 544,196 of our accounts receivable in exchange for cash of 253,750. We
ceased factoring of accounts receivable in the first quarter of 2023. The most recent average realization time for accounts receivable
was approximately eighteen to twenty four months from the initial date of service. Typically, a patient will have a series of dates of
service over an average of 12 to 16 months. 

Prior to fiscal year 2024, we historically realized
a 49 settlement rate from total gross billed charges. Accordingly, we had historically recognized net healthcare service revenue as 49 
of gross billed amounts. However, during the three months ended March 31, 2024, we underwent efforts to accelerate cash settlement of
our accounts receivable throughout 2024 in order to generate cash flow for operations. We did this by shortening our settlement negotiations
with insurance companies and accepting lower settlement amounts. As a result of the new effort, during the three months ended March 31,
2024, we realized a 42.9 average settlement rate of our gross billed charges during this time frame, which were historically recorded
in accounts receivable and revenue at 49 of gross billed charges. As a result of this reduced settlement realization rate, we recorded
a reduction to net revenue of 339,834 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. We expect this trend to continue in the short
term as we work to settle our accounts receivables more quickly to generate cash flow for operations. 

We had no investing activities for the three months
ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Our net cash provided by financing activities
was 1,463,113 for the three months ended March 31, 2024, as compared to 239,250 for the three months ended March 31, 2023. Net cash provided
by financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2024 consisted of the proceeds of 1,463,273 from line of credit, offset
by the repayment of a loan of 160. Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2023 consisted of the
proceeds of 240,000 from convertible notes, offset by the repayment of a loan of 750. 

49 

Convertible Notes 

As of March 31, 2024, we had convertible debt
outstanding net of amortized debt discount of 3,820,545. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we did not receive any proceeds
from convertible notes and repaid 50,000 of accrued interest to a convertible noteholder. 

The following is a schedule of convertible notes
payable outstanding as of March 31, 2024: 

Note # 
 Issuance Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Principal Balance 
 Accrued Interest 
 Unamortized Debt Discount 
 
 9 
 09/12/2016 
 09/12/2017 
 50,080 
 7,399 

10 
 01/24/2017 
 01/24/2018 
 55,000 
 83,618 

10-1 
 02/10/2023 
 02/10/2024 
 50,000 
 8,527 

10-2 
 03/30/2023 
 03/30/2024 
 25,000 
 3,771 

10-3 
 08/11/2023 
 08/11/2024 
 25,000 
 2,404 

29-2 
 11/08/2019 
 11/08/2020 
 36,604 
 12,299 

37-1 
 09/03/2020 
 06/30/2021 
 113,667 
 70,030 

37-2 
 11/02/2020 
 08/31/2021 
 113,167 
 68,673 

37-3 
 12/29/2020 
 09/30/2021 
 113,166 
 67,637 

40-1 
 09/22/2022 
 09/22/2024 
 2,600,000 
 267,488 

40-2 
 11/04/2022 
 09/22/2024 
 68,667 
 9,651 

40-3 
 11/28/2022 
 09/22/2024 
 68,667 
 9,217 

40-4 
 12/21/2022 
 09/22/2024 
 68,667 
 8,766 

40-5 
 01/24/2023 
 09/22/2024 
 90,166 
 10,531 

40-6 
 03/21/2023 
 03/21/2024 
 139,166 
 14,141 

40-7 
 06/05/2023 
 06/05/2024 
 139,166 
 11,295 
 6,530 
 
 40-8 
 06/13/2023 
 06/13/2024 
 21,167 
 1,654 
 1,032 
 
 40-9 
 07/19/2023 
 07/19/2024 
 35,500 
 2,490 
 2,650 
 
 40-10 
 07/24/2023 
 07/24/2024 
 14,000 
 963 
 1,093 
 
 41 
 08/25/2023 
 08/25/2024 
 5,000 
 300 

3,831,850 
 660,854 
 11,305 

Note 9 . On September 12, 2016, we issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on September 12, 2017. Note 9 is
currently in default and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 10, 10-1, 10-2 and 10-3 . On January
24, 2017, we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on January 24,
2018. Note 10 is currently in default and accrues interest at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. On February 10, 2023, we executed
a second tranche under this note in the principal amount of 50,000 (Note 10-1). On March 30, 2023, we executed a third tranche under
this note in the principal amount of 25,000 (Note 10-2). On August 11, 2023, we executed a fourth tranche under this note in the principal
amount of 25,000 (Note 10-3). Notes 10-1 and 10-2 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 20 per
annum. Note 10-3 accrues interest at a rate of 15 per annum. 

Note 29-2. On May 10, 2019, we issued a
convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 150,000. On November 8, 2019, this note (Note 29) was purchased by and assigned
to an unrelated party. The amount assigned was the existing principal amount of 150,000 and accrued interest of 5,918, which was issued
as Note 29-1, plus a new convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 62,367, which was issued as Note 29-2. Note 29-2 is currently
in default and accrues interest at a default interest rate of 24 per annum. 

50 

Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 37-3 . On September
3, 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000, with original issue discount of 50,000, which could
be drawn in several tranches. On September 3, 2020, we executed the first tranche in the principal amount of 67,000, less original issue
discount of 17,000, which matured on June 30, 2021 (Note 37-1). On November 2, 2020, we executed the second tranche in the principal
amount of 66,500, less original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on August 31, 2021 (Note 37-2). On December 29, 2020, we executed
the third tranche in the principal amount of 66,500, less original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on September 30, 2021 (Note
37-3). Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 27-3 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 18 per annum. 

Notes 40-1, 40-2, 40-3, 40-4, 40-5, 40-6, 40-7,
40-8, 40-9 and 40-10. On September 22, 2022, we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 2,600,000 in exchange
for total of 4,791,099 of defaulted promissory notes balances (Note 40-1). On November 4, 2022, we executed a second tranche under this
note in the principal amount of 68,667, less an original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-2). On November 28, 2022, we executed
the third tranche under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less an original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-3).
On December 21, 2022, we executed a fourth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less an original issue discount
and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-4). On January 24, 2023, we executed a fifth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 90,166, less
an original issue discount and fee of 25,166 (Note 40-5). On March 21, 2023, we executed a sixth tranche under this note in the principal
amount of 136,666, less an original issue discount and fee of 39,166 (Note 40-6). On June 5, 2023, we executed a seventh tranche under
this note in the principal amount of 136,667, less original issue discount and fee of 39,167 (Note 40-7). On June 13, 2023, we executed
an eighth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 21,167, less original issue discount and fee of 5,167 (Note 40-8). On July
19, 2023, we executed a ninth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 35,500, less an original issue discount and fee of 8,875
(Note 40-9). On July 24, 2023, we executed a tenth tranche under this note in the principal amount of 14,000, less an original issue
discount and fee of 3,500 (Note 40-10). On December 1, 2023, we executed amendment on Notes series 40 consolidated senior secured convertible
promissory note to extend the expired tranche note 40-1 through 40-5 due date to September 20, 2024. All of the Note 40 tranches mature
in one year from the note issuance date and accrue interest at a rate of 10 per annum. 

Note 41. On August 25, 2023, we issued
a twelve-month convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 5,000 to our Chief Executive Officer for our operating expenses.
The rate of interest is 10 per annum. 

Small Business Administration Loans 

On June 2, 2020, we obtained a loan from the Small
Business Administration of 150,000 at an interest rate of 3.75 with a maturity date of June 2, 2050. The principal balance and accrued
interest at March 31, 2024 was 149,494 and 0, respectively. 

Debenture 

On March 12, 2009, we issued a debenture in the
principal amount of 20,000. The debenture bore interest at 12 per year and matured on September 12, 2009. The balance of the debenture
was 10,989 at March 31, 2024 and the accrued interest was 7,876. We assigned all of our receivables from consumer activations of the
rewards program as collateral on this debenture. 

Line of Credit 

On September 29, 2023, our company and Nova entered
into a two-year revolving purchase and security agreement with DML HC Series, LLC to sell, with recourse, Nova s accounts receivables
for a revolving financing up to a maximum advance amount of 4.5 million. As of March 31, 2024, we had 3,583,373 outstanding balance
against the revolving receivable line of credit. The revolving purchase and security agreement includes discounts recorded as interest
expense on each funding and matures on September 29, 2025. 

51 

Related Party Loans 

In connection with the acquisition of Edge View
on July 16, 2014, we assumed amounts due to previous owners who are current managers of Edge View. These amounts are due on demand and
do not bear interest. The balance of these amounts are 4,979 as of March 31, 2024. 

We have obtained short-term advances from the
Chairman of the Board that are non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of March 31, 2024, we owed the Chairman 45,844. 

Contractual Obligations 

Our principal commitments consist mostly of obligations
under the loans described above. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On a regular basis, we evaluate these estimates. These
estimates are based on management s historical industry experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

For a description of the accounting policies that,
in management s opinion, involve the most significant application of judgment or involve complex estimation and which could, if
different judgment or estimates were made, materially affect our reported financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, see
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies 
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the
SEC, on March 27, 2024. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

52 

As required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange
Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of March 31, 2024.
Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer determined that, because of
the material weaknesses described in Item 9A Controls and Procedures of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2023, which we are still in the process of remediating as of March 31, 2024, along with the error identified in our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Investors
are directed to Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 for the description of these weaknesses. 

Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

We have evaluated the material weakness described
above and our management and board of directors are committed to the design and successful implementation of internal control over financial
reporting as promptly as possible. We currently plan to evaluate our updated internal controls design and determine whether the controls
have operated effectively during 2024 in order to fully remediate the aforementioned material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. 

As disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, our management has identified the steps necessary to address the material weaknesses, and
in the first quarter of 2024, we continued to implement the following remedial procedures: 

We are making necessary changes by providing
training to our financial team and our other relevant personnel on the GAAP accounting guidelines applicable to financial reporting requirements. 

We plan to implement proper documentation procedures
for key functional areas, control objectives and our workflows. 

We plan to reinforce effective compensating controls
can improve the design of the current process with limited human resources. 

We have hired external consultants
 to assist with our assessment and accounting for variable consideration as accounted for
 under ASC 606 and our credit loss expense as accounted for under ASC 326. 

We intend to complete the remediation of the material
weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable, but we can give no assurance that we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing
an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business
and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately
satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken and intend to take may not fully address the material weaknesses
that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we
discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable. We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation,
as needed. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other than in connection with the implementation
of the remedial measures described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the first quarter
of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

53 

PART II 

 OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these, or other matters, may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of
any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating
results. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

We have not sold any equity securities during
the three months ended March 31, 2024 that were not previously disclosed in a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the quarter. 

We did not repurchase any shares of our common
stock during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2024) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 

54 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Amendment No. 1 to
 the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8
 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series F-1 Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Amendment No. 1 to
 the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series F-1 Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series I Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series I Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.12 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series J Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series J Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.14 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series L Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Series L Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.16 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.18 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 6, 2023) 
 
 3.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series R Convertible Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.18 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2024) 
 
 3.20 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.12 to
 Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 3, 2023) 
 
 3.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 6,
 2023) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to SILAC Insurance Company on May 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 6, 2023) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 ______________ 

 Filed herewith 

 Furnished herewith 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date: October 17,
 2024 
 CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Matthew Shafer 

Name: Matthew Shafer 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cardiff_10qa1-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Alex Cunningham, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Cardiff Lexington Corporation; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 17, 2024 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

Alex Cunningham 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cardiff_10qa1-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Matthew Shafer, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Cardiff Lexington Corporation; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 17, 2024 

/s/ Matthew Shafer 

Matthew Shafer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cardiff_10qa1-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Executive
Officer of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on October 17, 2024. 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

Alex Cunningham 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Cardiff Lexington Corporation and will be retained by Cardiff Lexington Corporation and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cardiff_10qa1-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Financial
Officer of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on October 17, 2024. 

/s/ Matthew Shafer 

Matthew Shafer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Cardiff Lexington Corporation and will be retained by Cardiff Lexington Corporation and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cdif-20240331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cdif-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cdif-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cdif-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

