<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_1967680_0001967680-24-000137.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7674211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107896</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2491039</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2392596</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1237830</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1306235</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001967680-24-000137.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023173322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001967680-24-000137
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Veralto Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001967680
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				921941413
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41770
		FILM NUMBER:		241390160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 WYMAN ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7817553655

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 WYMAN ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001967680-24-000137.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 vlto-20240927.htm
 10-Q

vlto-20240927 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding at October 16, 2024 was . 

VERALTO CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 FORM 10-Q 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated and Combined Condensed Statements of Earnings 
 2 
 Consolidated and Combined Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 3 
 Consolidated and Combined Condensed Statements of Equity 
 4 
 Consolidated and Combined Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 35 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 36 
 Signatures 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 VERALTO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 September 27, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories: Finished goods Work in process Raw materials Total inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Other long-term assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt Equity: Preferred stock - par value, as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million shares authorized as of both dates; and shares issued and outstanding as of both dates 
 Common stock - par value, as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, billion shares authorized as of both dates; and million and million shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Veralto equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 VERALTO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Sales Cost of sales ) ) ) ) Gross profit Operating costs: Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Research and development expenses ) ) ) ) Operating profit Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income taxes ) ) ) ) Net earnings Net earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Average common stock and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 VERALTO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Pension and post-retirement plan benefit adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on net investment hedge ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

VERALTO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 and shares in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Net Former Parent Investment Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interest Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net earnings for the period Dividends declared ) Separation related adjustments ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Common stock-based award activity Balance, March 29, 2024 ) Net earnings for the period Dividends declared ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Common stock-based award activity Balance, June 28, 2024 ) Net earnings for the period Dividends declared ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Common stock-based award activity Balance, September 27, 2024 ) 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Net Former Parent Investment Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net earnings for the period Net transfers to Former Parent ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Former Parent common stock-based award activity Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Net earnings for the period Net transfers to Former Parent ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Former Parent common stock-based award activity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net earnings for the period Recapitalization ) Consideration paid to Former Parent in connection with Separation ) Net transfers to Former Parent Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Former Parent common stock-based award activity Balance, September 29, 2023 ) 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 VERALTO CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Noncash items: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Stock-based compensation expense Loss on product line dispositions, net Impairment of equity method investment Change in trade accounts receivable, net ) ) Change in inventories ) Change in trade accounts payable ) ) Change in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Change in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment All other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of dividends ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Net proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) Consideration paid to Former Parent in connection with Separation ) Net transfers to Former Parent ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Beginning balance of cash and cash equivalents Ending balance of cash and cash equivalents Supplemental disclosures: Cash interest payments Cash income tax payments 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 VERALTO CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

NOTE 1. 
 segments Water Quality and Product Quality Innovation. Through the Water Quality segment, the Company improves the quality and reliability of water through leading brands including Hach, Trojan Technologies and ChemTreat. Through the Product Quality Innovation segment, the Company promotes consumer trust in products and helps enable product innovation through leading brands including Videojet, Linx, Esko, X-Rite and Pantone. 
 Separation from Danaher Corporation Veralto completed its separation from Danaher Corporation Danaher or Former Parent on September 30, 2023 (the Separation ), the first day of its fiscal fourth quarter. The Separation was completed on such date in the form of a pro rata distribution to Danaher stockholders of record on September 13, 2023 of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Veralto common stock held by Danaher. Each Danaher stockholder of record as of the close of business on September 13, 2023 received one share of Veralto common stock for every three shares of Danaher common stock held on the record date. Because September 30, 2023 was a Saturday, not a business day, the shares were credited to street name stockholders through the Depository Trust Company on the first trading day thereafter, October 2, 2023. Veralto s common stock began regular way trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol VLTO on October 2, 2023. For further discussion of the Separation refer to Note 1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K ). 
 7 

Table of Contents 

There have been no changes to the Company s significant accounting policies described within the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K that have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements and the related Notes. 
 On January 1, 2024, the Company adopted the ASU and it will be included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 million and million, respectively, and are included within other long-term assets in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. The associated operating lease liabilities were million and million as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 million as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2. 
 shares or common equivalent shares outstanding prior to that date. The total number of shares outstanding at Separation was million and is utilized for the calculation of both basic and diluted EPS for all periods prior to the Separation. 
 Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding used in Basic EPS Incremental shares from assumed exercise of dilutive options and vesting of dilutive restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance stock units ("PSUs") Weighted average common shares outstanding used in Diluted EPS Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3. 
 Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (b) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total For the Three-Month Period Ended September 29, 2023: Geographical region: North America (a) 
 Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (b) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (b) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total For the Nine-Month Period Ended September 29, 2023: Geographical region: North America (a) 
 Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (b) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total 
 (a) The Company defines North America as the United States and Canada. 
 
 The Company sells equipment to customers as well as consumables and services, some of which customers purchase on a recurring basis. Consumables sold for use with the equipment sold by the Company are typically critical to the use of the equipment and are typically used on a one-time or limited basis, requiring frequent replacement in the customer s operating cycle. Examples of these consumables include chemistries for water testing instruments and cartridges for marking and coding equipment. Additionally, some of the Company s consumables are used on a stand-alone basis, such as water treatment solutions. The Company separates its goods and services between those typically sold to a customer on a recurring basis and those typically sold to a customer on a nonrecurring basis. Recurring revenue includes revenue from consumables, services, spare parts and operating-type leases OTLs ). Nonrecurring revenue includes sales of equipment and sales-type leases STLs ). OTLs and STLs are in cluded in the above revenue amounts. For the three-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 , lease revenue was million and million, respectively. For the nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 , lease revenue was million and million, respectively. Service and software revenue was immaterial for all periods presented. Software revenues for point-in-time licenses are nonrecurring while revenues for Software as a Service and over time licenses are recurring. 
 Remaining performance obligations related to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations with an original contract term greater than one year which are fully or partially unsatisfied at the end of the pe riod. As of September 27, 2024 , the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was million. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next months , over the subsequent months , and the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million , respectively, and are included within accrued expenses and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. Revenue recognized during the nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 that was included in the opening contract liability balance was million and million 

NOTE 4. 
 separate business segments consisting of the Water Quality and Product Quality Innovation s egments . Operating profit represents total revenues less operating expenses, excluding nonoperating income and expense, interest and income taxes. Operating profit amounts in the Other segment consist of unallocated corporate costs and other costs not considered part of management s evaluation of reportable segment operating performance. Intersegment amounts are not significant and are eliminated to arrive at combined totals. 
 Product Quality Innovation Total Operating profit: Water Quality Product Quality Innovation Other ) ) ) ) Total 

NOTE 5. 
 
 The Company operates globally, including in certain jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates than the United States U.S. ). Therefore, based on earnings mix, the impact of operating in such jurisdictions contributes to a higher effective tax rate compared to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. 
 The effective tax rate for the three -month period ended September 27, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, net discrete expen se of million related primarily to the tax impact of uncertain tax positions, partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-base d compensation. The net discrete expense increased the effective t ax rate by for the three -month period ended September 27, 2024 . 
 The effective tax rate for the nine -month period ended September 27, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, the unfavorable impact of a non-deductible loss on the sale of a product line of million , net discrete expense of million related primarily to the tax impact of uncertain tax positions, partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The net discrete expense increased the effective tax rate by for the nine -month period ended September 27, 2024 . 
 The effective tax rate for the three -month period ended September 29, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, partially offset by net discrete benefits of million related primarily to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. The net discrete benefits reduced the effective tax rate by for the three -month period ended September 29, 2023. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, partially offset by net discrete benefits of million related primarily to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The net discrete benefits reduced the effective tax rate by for the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023 . 
 For a description of the Company s significant tax matters, reference is made to the financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 6 to the financial statements included within the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

NOTE 6. 
 million and million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 , respectively, and nonoperating income of less than million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2023 . 
 Gain or Loss on Sale of Product Lines, net 
 During the three-month period ended September 27, 2024, the Company divested a product line and recorded a million gain associated with the divestiture that is presented in other income (expense), net. During the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024, the Company divested product lines and recorded a million net loss associated with the divestitures that is presented in other income (expense), net. The divestiture of these product lines were recorded in the Water Quality segment. The divestitures did not represent a strategic shift with a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results and therefore are not reported as discontinued operations. 
 Impairment of Equity Method Investment 
 During the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023 , the Company recorded an impairment of million related to an equity method investment, which is reflected in nonoperating income (expense). 

NOTE 7. 
 Attributable to 2024 acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other Balance, September 27, 2024 
 The carrying value of goodwill by segment is summarized as follows in millions): September 27, 2024 December 31, 2023 Water Quality Product Quality Innovation Total 
 The Company has not identified any goodwill impairment indicators in the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023. 
 million and million, respectively, for the three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2023 within the Product Quality Innovation segment. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8. 
 December 31, 2023 Deferred compensation liabilities 
 Certain management employees participate in the Company s nonqualified deferred compensation programs, which permit such employees to defer a portion of their compensation, on a pretax basis, until after their termination of employment. All amounts deferred under such plans are unfunded, unsecured obligations and are presented as a component of the compensation and benefits accrual included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. Participants may choose among alternative earnings rates for the amounts they defer, which are primarily based on investment options within the defined contribution plans for the benefit of U.S. employees 401(k) Programs (except that the earnings rates for amounts contributed unilaterally by the Company are entirely based on changes in the value of the Company s common stock). Changes in the deferred compensation liability under these programs are recognized based on changes in the fair value of the participants accounts, which are based on the applicable earnings rates. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, long-term borrowings were categorized as Level 1. The fair value of long-term borrowings was based on quoted market prices. The fair values of borrowings with original maturities of one year or less, as well as cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, net and trade accounts payable, generally approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9. 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/18/2026 million) (the "2026 Notes") 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/18/2028 million) (the "2028 Notes") 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/19/2031 million) (the "2031 Notes") 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/18/2033 million) (the "2033 Notes") 
 Long-term debt 
 Unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs totaled million and million as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Debt discounts and issuance costs are presented as a reduction of debt in the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets and are amortized as a component of interest expense over the term of the related debt. Refer to Note 12 of the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of the Company s debt financing. 
 There were amounts outstanding under the credit facility or commercial paper program as of September 27, 2024. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 During 2023, the Company issued in a private placement of approximately billion aggregate principal amount of USD senior unsecured notes in three series with maturity dates ranging from 2026 through 2033. Additionally, the Company issued million principal amount of senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2031 (collectively, the Private Notes ). In connection with the issuance of the Private Notes, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, pursuant to which the Company was obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC, and cause to be declared effective, a registration statement with respect to an offer to exchange each series of Private Notes for registered notes Registered Notes with substantially identical terms Exchange Offer ). Accordingly, on July 26, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC, which was declared effective on August 5, 2024. On August 5, 2024, the Company launched the Exchange Offer, which expired on September 3, 2024. Substantially all Private Notes were tendered and exchanged for Registered Notes in the Exchange Offer. 

NOTE 10. 
 million of foreign currency denominated long-term debt that is designated as a partial hedge of its net investment in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro. This foreign currency denominated long-term debt issuance is designated and qualifies as a nonderivative hedging instrument. Accordingly, the foreign currency translation of this debt instrument is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company s related net investment that is also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). This instrument matures in September 2031. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ) For the Three-Month Period Ended September 29, 2023: Net investment hedges: Foreign currency denominated debt For the Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024: Net investment hedges: Foreign currency denominated debt ) For the Nine-Month Period Ended September 29, 2023 Net investment hedges: Foreign currency denominated debt 
 The Company did not reclassify any other deferred gains or losses related to the net investment hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023. In addition, the Company did not have any ineffectiveness related to the net investment hedge during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, and should they arise, any ineffective portions of the hedge would be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the period of change. 
 The Company s nonderivative debt instrument designated and qualifying as a net investment hedge, was classified in the Company s Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets within Long-term debt as of September 27, 2024. 

NOTE 11.) ) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Amortization of net loss Curtailment gain Net periodic cost ) ) 
 
 The curtailment gain recognized during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 relates to the divestiture of a product line described in Note 6. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12. 
 . The amount of the accrued warranty liability is determined based on historical information such as past experience, product failure rates or number of units repaired, estimated cost of material and labor and in certain instances estimated property damage. As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued warranty liabilities of million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 13. 
 million and million, respectively. The Company s stock-based compensation expense for the nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Stock-based compensation has been recognized as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Condensed Statements of Earnings. As of September 27, 2024, million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs and PSUs is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . As of September 27, 2024, million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . Future compensation amounts will be adjusted for any changes in estimated forfeitures. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) refers to certain gains and losses that under GAAP are included in comprehensive income (loss) but are excluded from net earnings as these amounts are initially recorded as an adjustment to equity. Foreign currency translation adjustments are generally not adjusted for income taxes as they relate to indefinite investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Net investment hedge adjustments reflect the gains or losses on the foreign currency denominated long-term debt issuance designated as a nonderivative hedging instrument. Pension and postretirement plan benefit adjustments relate to unrecognized prior service credits and actuarial losses. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Increase (decrease) ) Income tax impact Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) Reclassification adjustments: Decrease ) (a) 
 ) Reclassification adjustments, net of income taxes ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, September 27, 2024 ) ) ) ) For the Three-Month Period Ended September 29, 2023: Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Increase (decrease) ) ) Income tax impact ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, September 29, 2023 ) ) 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Net Investment Hedges Pension and Postretirement Plan Benefit Adjustments Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024: Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Increase (decrease) ) Income tax impact Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) Reclassification adjustments: Decrease ) (a) 
 ) Reclassification adjustments, net of income taxes ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, September 27, 2024 ) ) ) ) For the Nine-Month Period Ended September 29, 2023: Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Increase (decrease) ) ) Income tax impact ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, September 29, 2023 ) ) 

18 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14. 
 million and million, respectively. Following the Separation, the Company independently incurs expenses as a stand-alone company and no expenses are allocated by Danaher. 
 Insurance Programs Administered by Danaher 
 In addition to the corporate allocations discussed above, the Company was allocated expenses related to certain insurance programs Danaher administers on behalf of the Company, including workers compensation, property, cargo, automobile, crime, fiduciary, product, general and directors and officers liability insurance. These amounts were allocated using various methodologies, as described below. 
 Included within the insurance cost allocation are allocations related to programs for which Danaher is self-insured up to a certain amount. For the self-insured component, costs were allocated to the Company based on its incurred claims. Danaher has premium based policies which cover amounts in excess of the self-insured retentions. The Company was allocated a portion of the total insurance cost incurred by Danaher based on its pro-rata portion of Danaher s total underlying exposure base. An estimated liability relating to the Company s known and incurred but not reported claims has been allocated to the Company and reflected on the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 Insurance programs expenses allocated to Veralto from Danaher and its subsidiaries for three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 Medical Insurance Programs Administered by Danaher 
 In addition to the corporate allocations discussed above, the Company was allocated expenses related to the medical insurance programs Danaher administers on behalf of the Company. These amounts were allocated using actual medical claims incurred during the period for the associated employees attributable to the Company. 
 Medical insurance programs expenses allocated to Veralto from Danaher and its subsidiaries for three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 Revenue and other transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 Prior to the Separation, the Company operated as part of Danaher and not as a stand-alone company and certain of its revenue arrangements related to contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business with Danaher and its affiliates. 
 During the three-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, Veralto recorded revenues from sales to Danaher and its subsidiaries of million and million, respectively. During the nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, Veralto recorded revenues from sales to Danaher and its subsidiaries of million and million, respectively. Following the Separation, Veralto continues to enter into revenue arrangements in the ordinary course of business with Danaher and its subsidiaries, although certain agreements were entered into or terminated as a result of the Separation. 
 million and approximately million during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, in accordance with the transition services agreement for various services provided to the Company by Danaher . 

NOTE 15. 
 of the outstanding shares of Information Exchange Holdings, Inc., the holding company that owns TraceGains, a provider of cloud-based software solutions for food and beverage compliance and new product development digital workflows, for million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. This business will be included in the PQI segment. 
 The initial accounting for the TraceGains acquisition is incomplete as a result of the timing of the acquisition. Accordingly, it is impracticable for the Company to make certain business combination disclosures such as the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities acquired and the amount of goodwill. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is designed to provide material information relevant to an assessment of the Company s financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources. The MD A is designed to focus specifically on material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be necessarily indicative of future operating results or of future financial condition. This includes descriptions and amounts of matters that have had a material impact on reported operations, as well as matters that are reasonably likely based on management s assessment to have a material impact on future operations. The Company s MD A is divided into six sections: 
 Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements; 
 Basis of Presentation; 
 Overview; 
 Results of Operations; 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources; and 
 Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 You should read this discussion along with the Company s MD A and audited financial statements and Notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, included within the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the unaudited financial statements and related Notes as of and for th e three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 in cluded in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report ). 

INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Report, in other documents we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, in our press releases, webcasts, conference calls, materials delivered to shareholders and other communications, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, pricing, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, our liquidity position or other projected financial measures; management s plans and strategies for future operations, including statements relating to anticipated operating performance, cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions and the integration thereof, divestitures, spin-offs, split-offs, initial public offerings, other securities offerings, or other distributions, strategic opportunities, stock repurchases, dividends and executive compensation; growth, declines and other trends in markets we sell into; new or modified laws, regulations and accounting pronouncements; future regulatory approvals and the timing and conditionality thereof; outstanding claims, legal proceedings, tax audits and assessments and other contingent liabilities; future foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; general economic and capital markets conditions; the anticipated timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address events or developments that Veralto intends or believes will or may occur in the future. Terminology such as believe, anticipate, should, could, intend, will, plan, expect, estimate, project, target, may, possible, potential, forecast and positioned and similar references to future periods are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements are accompanied by such words. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Important factors that in some cases have affected us in the past and that in the future could cause actual results to differ materially from those envisaged in the forward-looking statements include the following: 
 Conditions in the global economy, including military conflicts, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce the prices we charge. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our growth depends on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. 
 Global economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors can negatively affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our growth can also suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. 
 Any inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our business. 
 Our acquisition or divestiture of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships can negatively impact our business and financial statements. 
 Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology IT systems or data or violations of data privacy laws can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distributions systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. 
 Climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and any inability on our part to address stakeholder expectations related to climate change may negatively affect us. 
 Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies that we use in, and the labor we need for, our operations. 
 Our success depends on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets. 
 Our restructuring actions can have long-term adverse effects on our business and financial statements. 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. These risks are particularly pronounced in countries in which we do business that do not have levels of protection of intellectual property comparable to the United States. 
 Third parties from time to time claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer from significant litigation expenses, losses or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. 
 Our outstanding debt has increased significantly as a result of our separation from Danaher, and we may incur additional debt in the future. Our existing and future indebtedness may limit our operations and our use of our cash flow and negatively impact our credit ratings; and any failure to comply with the covenants that apply to our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 Foreign currency exchange rates can adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities or assessments could affect our earnings. In addition, audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. 
 Changes in tax law relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect our tax position. 
 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation, failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We are subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Certain provisions in Veralto s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of Veralto, which could decrease the trading price of Veralto s common stock. 
 The forum selection provisions under Veralto s amended and restated certificate of incorporation could discourage lawsuits against Veralto and Veralto s directors, officers, employees and stockholders. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. 
 As an independent, public traded company, Veralto may not enjoy the same benefits that Veralto did as a part of Danaher. 
 Potential indemnification liabilities to Danaher pursuant to the separation agreement could materially and adversely affect Veralto s business and financial statements. 
 In connection with the Separation, Danaher has agreed to indemnify Veralto for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure Veralto against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Danaher s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future. 
 If there is a determination that the separation and/or the distribution, together with certain related transactions, is taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Danaher and its stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities, and we could also incur significant liabilities. 
 Veralto may be affected by significant restrictions, including on its ability to engage in certain corporate transactions for a two-year period after the distribution in order to avoid triggering significant tax-related liabilities. 
 Certain of Veralto s executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity interest in Danaher. Also, certain of Danaher s current directors and a current Danaher officer and a current Danaher employee have joined Veralto s Board, which may create conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest. 
 Danaher may compete with Veralto. 
 Veralto or Danaher may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the Separation or Veralto may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding reasons that actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the report, document, press release, webcast, call, materials or other communication in which they are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. 

BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 The accompanying Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements present the historical financial position of the Company, results of operations, changes in equity and cash flows in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Prior to the Separation from Danaher on September 30, 2023, Veralto businesses were comprised of certain Danaher operating units. Veralto Corporation and the Veralto Businesses (including the periods prior to the Separation) are collectively referred to as Veralto or the Company herein. 
 The Combined Condensed Financial Statements for periods prior to the Separation were derived from Danaher s Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements and accounting records and prepared in accordance with GAAP for the preparation of carved-out combined financial statements. Prior to the Separation, all revenues and costs as well as assets and liabilities directly associated with Veralto have been included in the Combined Condensed Financial Statements. Additionally, the Combined Condensed Financial Statements for periods prior to the Separation included allocations of certain general, administrative, sales and marketing expenses and cost of sales from Danaher s corporate office and from other Danaher businesses to Veralto, and 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 allocations of related assets, liabilities, and the Former Parent s investment, as applicable. The allocations were determined on a reasonable basis; however, the amounts are not necessarily representative of the amounts that would have been reflected in the financial statements had Veralto been operating independently of Danaher during the applicable periods. Accordingly, the Combined Condensed Financial Statements may not be indicative of Veralto s results had the Company been a separate stand-alone entity throughout the periods presented. For further discussion of related party allocations prior to the Separation, including the method for such allocation, refer to Note 18 o f the 2023 Ann ual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Following the Separation, the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements include the accounts of Veralto and those of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and no longer include any allocations from Danaher. 

OVERVIEW 
 Business Overview 
 The Company s unifying purpose is Safeguarding the World s Most Vital Resources TM . Our diverse group of leading operating companies provide essential technology solutions that monitor, enhance and protect key resources around the globe. The Company is committed to the advancement of public health and safety and believes it is positioned to support its customers as they address large global challenges including environmental resource sustainability, water scarcity, management of severe weather events, and food and pharmaceutical security. For decades, the Company has used its scientific expertise and innovative technologies to address complex challenges our customers face across regulated industries - including municipal utilities, food and beverage, pharmaceutical and industrials - where the consequence of failure is high. Through its core offerings in water analytics, water treatment, marking and coding and packaging and color, customers look to the Company s solutions to help ensure the safety, quality, efficiency and reliability of their products and processes. The Company is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts with a workforce of approximately 16,000 associates strategically located in more than 45 countries. 
 The Company operates through two segments Water Quality WQ and Product Quality Innovation PQI ). The Company s businesses within these segments have strong globally recognized brands as a result of its leadership in served markets over several decades. Through WQ, the Company provides innovative products and services that improve the quality and reliability of water through leading brands including Hach, Trojan Technologies and ChemTreat. Through PQI, the Company enables customers to promote consumer trust in products and help enable product innovation through leading brands including Videojet, Linx, Esko, X-Rite and Pantone. The Company believes its leading positions result from the strength of our commercial organizations, our legacy of innovation, and our close and long-term connectivity to its customers and knowledge of their workflows, underpinned by our culture of continuous improvement. This has resulted in a large installed base of instruments that drive ongoing consumables and software sales to support the Company s customers. As a result, the Company s business generates recurring sales which represented approximately 61 of total sales during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024. The Company s business model also supports a strong margin pr ofile with limited capital expenditure requirements and has generated attractive cash flows. The Company believes these attributes allow it to deliver financial performance that is resilient across economic cycles. 
 As a result of the Company s geographic and industry diversity, the Company faces a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development in most of the Company s served markets, the expansion and evolution of opportunities in high-growth markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, consolidation of the Company s competitors and increasing regulation. The Company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and the Company s long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions and identify and consummate appropriate investments and strategic partnerships, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the Company s sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality, effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment and expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments. The Company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in high-growth markets) to be responsive to the Company s customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the Company s operations. The Company defines high-growth markets as developing markets of the world experiencing extended periods of accelerated growth in gross domestic product and infrastructure which include Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America (including Mexico) and Asia (with the exception of Japan, Australia and New Zealand). The Company defines developed markets as all markets of the world that are not high-growth markets. 
 We also believe that the Veralto Enterprise System VES provides the Company with a strong foundation for competitive differentiation. VES is a business management system that consists of a philosophy, processes and tools that guide what 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Veralto does and measure how well Veralto executes, grounded in a culture of continuous improvement . The VES processes and tools are organized around the areas of Operational Excellence, Growth and Leadership, and are rooted in foundational tools known as the VES Fundamentals, which are relevant to every associate and business function. The VES Fundamentals are focused on core competencies such as using visual representations of processes to identify inefficiencies, defining and solving problems in a structured way, and continuously improving processes to drive consistent execution. 
 Veralto uses VES tools to improve our profitability and cash flows, which support our ability to expand our addressable market and improve our market position through investments in areas such as our commercial organization and research and development R D ), including software and digital solutions. Our cash flows also support acquisitions to enhance our product capabilities and expansion into new and attractive markets, which we have successfully done through the acquisition of approximately 80 businesses over more than two decades. 
 Business Performance 
 During t he three-month period ended September 27, 2024, the C ompany s overall revenues and core sales increased 4.7 compared to the comparable period in 2023 with growth in both segments. Acquisitions, net of divestitures, increased reported sales by 0.1 . For the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024, overall revenues increased 3.1 and core sales increased 3.4 compared to the comparable period in 2023. Currency exchange rates and acquisitions, net of divestitures, decreased reported sales by 0.2 and 0.1 , respectively. For the definition of core sales refer to Results of Operations below. 
 Geographically, the Company s sales in the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 in developed markets increased year-over-year by 5.4 driven by increased sales of 6.2 in North America and 4.8 in Western Europe, partially offset by decreased sales of 3.3 in other developed markets. Sales in high-growth markets increased 2.8 year-over-year, driven by mid-single digit growth in Latin America partially offset by low-single digit decreases in China. For the same period, core sales in developed markets increased 4.8 driven by an increase in core sales of 5.5 in North America and an increase in core sales of 4.2 in Western Europe, partially offset by a decrease in core sales in other developed markets. Core sales in high-growth markets increased 4.5 driven by high single-digit increases in Latin America partially offset by low-single digit decreases in China. 
 Geographically, the Company s sales in the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 in developed markets increased year-over-year by 4.0 driven by increased sales of 5.6 in North America and 1.8 in Western Europe, partially offset by decreased sales of 5.6 in other developed markets. Sales in high-growth markets increased 0.7 year-over-year, driven by mid-single digit growth in Latin America partially offset low-single digit decreases in China. For the same period, core sales in developed markets increased 3.6 driven by an increase in core sales of 5.1 in North America and an increase in core sales of 1.0 in Western Europe. Core sales in high-growth markets increased 2.9 driven by mid-single digit increases in Latin America partially offset by low-single digit decreases in China. 
 The Company s net earnings for the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 totaled 219 million and 606 million, respectively, compared to 205 million and 639 million, respectively, for the three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2023. The increase in net earnings during the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three-month period ended September 29, 2023 was driven by higher sales, gross profit and a gain on the disposition of a product line offset by standalone public company costs and interest expense post Separation from Dana her. The decrease in net earni ngs during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023 was driven by standalone public company costs, interest expense post Separation from Danaher, select investments in sales and marketing growth initiatives and a net loss on the disposition of product lines. Refer to Results of Operations for further discussion of the year-over-year changes in net earnings for t he three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 . 
 Outlook 
 During the fourth quarter, in the Water Quality Segment, the Company continues to expect growth driven by positive secular drivers across industrial markets, particularly in North America, along with steady demand at municipalities globally. In the Product Quality and Innovation segment, the Company expects to benefit from continued gradual recovery in the consumer-packaged goods markets. In any end market environment, the Company leverages VES to drive growth and continuous improvement. 
 The Company s outlook for 2024 reflects its current visibility and expectations based on the current market environment and other factors. The Company s ability to meet its expectations are subject to numerous risks, including, but not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors within the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent updates in Item 1A. Risk Factors within Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
 On October 4, 2024, the Company completed its acquisition of Information Exchange Holdings, Inc., the holding company that owns TraceGains, for 350 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The Company believes this business complements the PQI segment, specifically the packaging and color solutions business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 TraceGains is a leading provider of cloud-based software solutions that enable connected data and digital workflow management to help consumer brands meet increasingly stringent compliance and reporting regulations for food and beverage safety and traceability. Its solutions enable consumer brands to efficiently track ingredient inputs, monitor supplier quality and develop new products with greater safety and increased velocity. 
 Refer to Note 15, Subsequent Events in the accompanying Notes contained elsewhere in this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 In this Report, references to the non-GAAP measures of core sales (also referred to as core revenues or sales/revenues from existing businesses) refer to sales from continuing operations calculated according to GAAP but excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined below) and the impact of currency translation. 
 References to sales or operating profit attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses refer to sales or operating profit, as applicable, from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition less any sales and operating profit, during the applicable period, attributable to divested product lines not considered discontinued operations. The portion of revenue attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined above, as applicable)) and the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined above, as applicable)) after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period. 
 Core sales growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales growth, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Management believes that reporting the non-GAAP financial measure of core sales growth provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in the Company s business and facilitating comparisons of the Company s revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and to the Company s peers. Management also uses core sales growth to measure the Company s operating and financial performance and as one of the performance measures in the Company s short-term incentive compensation program. The Company excludes the effect of currency translation from core sales because currency translation is not under management s control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends, and excludes the effect of acquisitions and divestiture-related items because the nature, size, timing and number of acquisitions and divestitures can vary dramatically from period-to-period and between the Company and its peers, and can also obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 
 Change Three-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 vs. Comparable 2023 Period Change Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 vs. Comparable 2023 Period Total sales growth (GAAP) 4.7 3.1 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures 0.1 Currency exchange rates (0.1) 0.2 Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 4.6 3.4 
 2024 Sales Compared to 2023 
 Total sa les increased 4.7 and 3.1 during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, compared to the comparable periods in 2023, primarily as a result of core sales growth driven by the factors discussed below by segment. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions, net of divestitures increased reported sales by 0.1 during the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 compared to the comparable period in 2023. Currency exchange rates and acquisitions, net of divestitures decreased reported sales by 0.2 and 0.1 during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024, respectively, compared to the comparable period in 2023. Price increases contributed 1.8 and 2.0 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, and are reflected as a component of core sales growth above. 
 Business Segments 
 Sales by business segment for each of the periods indicated were as follows in millions): 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Water Quality 801 772 2,327 2,257 Product Quality Innovation 513 483 1,521 1,476 Total 1,314 1,255 3,848 3,733 
 For information regarding the Company s sales by geographical region, refer to Note 3 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended in millions) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Sales 1,314 1,255 3,848 3,733 Cost of sales (531) (532) (1,544) (1,578) Gross profit 783 723 2,304 2,155 Gross profit margin 59.6 57.6 59.9 57.7 
 Cost of sales decreased by 1 million or 0.2 and by 34 million or 2.2 on a year-over-year basis during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, as compared to the comparable periods in 2023, d riven primarily by the impact of lower year-over-year material costs and improved productivity. 
 Gross profi t margins increased 200 and 220 basis points on a year-over-year basis fo r the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, as com pared to the comparable perio ds in 2023, driven by positive pricing actions and to a lesser extent lower material costs and improved productivity. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended in millions) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Sales 1,314 1,255 3,848 3,733 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses (412) (395) (1,220) (1,133) Research and development R D expenses (63) (55) (184) (168) SG A as a of sales 31.4 31.5 31.7 30.4 R D as a of sales 4.8 4.4 4.8 4.5 
 SG A expenses as a percentage of sales decreased by 10 basis points and increased by 130 basis points during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, as compared to the comparable periods in 2023. The decrease during the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 was primarily driven by core sales growth driven by the factors discussed below by segment exceeding the increase in the Company s SG A expense. The increase during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 was driven by the increase in the Company s SG A expenses exceeding the increase in the Company s sales, due to select investments in sales and marketing growth initiatives, as well as the costs to operate as a stand-alone company. 
 R D expenses as a percentage of sales increased by 40 basis points and by 30 basis points during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, as compared to the comparable periods in 2023, driven by growth related R D initiatives. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins increased 160 basis points from 21.8 during the three-month period ended September 29, 2023 to 23.4 for the three-month period ended September 27, 2024. 
 Third quarter 2024 vs. third quarter 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 Third quarter 2023 impairment charges related to a tradename in the Product Quality and Innovation segment - 50 basis points 
 Higher third quarter 2024 core sales and year-over-year cost savings associated with productivity improvement initiatives and materials cost savings, partially offset by sales and marketing growth initiatives - 120 basis points 
 Third quarter 2024 vs. third quarter 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impac ted by: 
 Transaction costs incurred during the third quarter 2024 related to the Company's recent acquisition described in Note 15 - 10 basis points 
 Operating profit margins increased 50 basis points from 22.9 during the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023 to 23.4 for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024. 
 Year-to-date 2024 vs. year-to-date 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by : 
 Third quarter year-to-date 2023 impairment charge related to customer relationships and a tradename in the Product Quality and Innovation segment - 30 basis points 
 Higher 2024 core sales, foreign currency exchange rates and cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives, partially offset by the impact of incremental costs associated with operating as a stand-alone company, incremental labor and sales and marketing growth initiatives - 30 basis points 
 Year-to-date 2024 vs. year-to-date 2023 operating profit m argin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 Transaction costs incurred during the third quarter 2024 related to the Company's recent acquisition described in Note 15, and costs incurred as a result of the Separation from Danaher - 10 basis points 

WATER QUALITY 
 The Company s Water Quality segment provides proprietary precision instrumentation, consumables, software, services and advanced water treatment technologies to help measure, analyze and treat the world s water in municipal, industrial, commercial, residential, research and natural resource applications. 
 Water Quality Selected Financial Data 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended in millions) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Sales 801 772 2,327 2,257 Operating profit 195 188 564 536 Depreciation 7 6 19 18 Amortization of intangible assets 4 5 13 15 Operating profit as a of sales 24.3 24.4 24.2 23.7 Depreciation as a of sales 0.9 0.8 0.8 0.8 Amortization as a of sales 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.7 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 
 Change Three-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 vs. Comparable 2023 Period Change Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 vs. Comparable 2023 Period Total sales growth (GAAP) 3.6 3.1 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures 0.2 0.2 Currency exchange rates 0.2 0.3 Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 4.0 3.6 
 Total segment sales increased 3.6 and 3.1 year-over-year during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, compared to the comparable periods in 2023, p rimarily as a result of core sales growth driven by the factors discussed below. Geographically, sales growth was driven by North America, which saw increases of 7.1 and 6.7 , and Western Europe, which saw increases of 5.7 and 2.7 for the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 respectively, compared to the comparable periods in 2023. 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 2.1 and 2.3 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, and are reflected as a component of the change in core sales growth. 
 Core sales in the Water Quality segment increased 4.0 and 3.6 year-ov er-year during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively. Geographically, core sales growth during the three-month period ended September 27, 2024, was driven by increases of 6.7 in North America and increases of 3.7 in Western Europe, offset by decreases of 1.0 in high-growth markets. The core sales decrease in high-growth markets was driven by low double digit percentage core sales declines in China offset by high-single digits core sales increase in Latin America. Geographically, core sales growth during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024, was driven by increases of 6.3 in North America and increases of 0.4 in Western Europe. Core sales were flat during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 in high growth markets driven by mid-single digit decreases in China offset by low single digit increases in Latin America. 
 The increase in core sales during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 was driven by the chemical treatment solutions product line and, to a lesser extent, the analytical instrumentation product line. Core sales in the chemical treatment solutions product line increased 9.0 and 7.3 year-over-year in the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, as a result of increased core sales across most major end-markets. Core sales in the analytical instrumentation product line increased 2.4 year-over-year for both the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 as a result of increased core sales across North America and Western Europe. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins decreased 10 basis points during the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023. 
 Third quarter 2024 vs. third quarter 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 The impact of incremental year-over-year costs associated with labor, sales and select marketing growth initiatives offset by higher 2024 core sales - 10 basis points 
 Operating profit margins increased 50 basis points during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023. 
 Year-to-date 2024 vs. year-to-date 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 Higher year-to-date 2024 core sales and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with material costs, net of the impact of incremental year-over-year costs associated with labor and sales and marketing growth initiatives - 50 basis points 

PRODUCT QUALITY INNOVATION 
 The Company s Product Quality Innovation segment provides instruments, consumables, software and services for various marking and coding, traceability, printing, packaging design and quality management, packaging converting and color and appearance management applications for consumer packaged goods and industrial products. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Product Quality Innovation Selected Financial Data 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended in millions) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Sales 513 483 1,521 1,476 Operating profit 137 99 405 356 Depreciation 3 3 11 11 Amortization of intangible assets 3 7 15 21 Operating profit as a of sales 26.7 20.5 26.6 24.1 Depreciation as a of sales 0.6 0.6 0.7 0.7 Amortization as a of sales 0.6 1.4 1.0 1.4 
 Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 
 Change Three-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 vs. Comparable 2023 Period Change Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 vs. Comparable 2023 Period Total sales growth (GAAP) 6.3 3.1 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (0.2) Currency exchange rates (0.4) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 5.7 3.1 
 Total seg ment sales increased 6.3 and 3.1 year-over-year during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, primarily as a result of changes in core sales driven by the factors discussed below. Geographically, sales growth was driven by North America which saw increases of 3.7 and 2.6 and Western Europe which saw increases of 5.7 and 2.7 during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, compared to the comparable periods in 2023. High-growth markets also experienced increased sales of 9.5 and 4.6 during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, compared to the comparable periods in 2023. 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 1.4 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during both the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, and are reflected as a component of the change in core sales growth. 
 Core sales in the Product Quality Innovation s egment increased 5.7 and 3.1 year-over-year during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively. G eographically, core sales growth during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 was driven by increases of 2.5 and 2.0 in North America and increases of 10.6 and 6.0 in high-growth markets, respectively. The core sales growth in the high-growth markets during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 was driven by low double digit core sales increases in both periods in Latin America and mid-teens and low single digits core sales increases in respective periods in China. Core sales were in the mid and low single digits in Western Europe during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively. 
 From a product line perspective, core sales in the marking and coding business increased 4.6 and 2.3 year-over-year during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, driven by higher consumable demand in the industrial and consumer packaged goods end-markets. C ore sales in the packaging and color solutions business increased 8.2 and 4.8 year-over-year during the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 , respectively, driven by increased demand across the consumer packaged goods and industrial end-markets. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins increased 620 basis points during the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023. 
 Third quarter 2024 vs. third quarter 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 The impact of third quarter 2023 impairment charge related to a tradename - 120 basis points 
 The impact of higher 2024 core sales and cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives, partially offset by incremental labor and sales and marketing growth initiatives - 540 basis points 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Third quarter 2024 vs. third quarter 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 Transaction costs incurred during the third quarter 2024 related to the Company's recent acquisition described in Note 15 - 40 basis points 
 Operating profit margins increased 250 basis points during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023. 
 Year-to-date 2024 vs. year-to-date 2023 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 The impact of third quarter year-to-date 2023 impairment charges related to customer relationships and a tradename - 80 basis points 
 The impact of higher 2024 core sales, foreign currency exchange rates and cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives, partially offset by incremental labor and sales and marketing growth initiatives - 170 basis points 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 
 For a description of the Company s other income (expense), net during t he three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, refer to Note 6 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 

INTEREST COSTS AND FINANCING 
 For a discussion of the Company s outstanding indebtedness, refer to N ote 9 to the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Net interest expens e of 27 million and 85 million was recorded for the three and nine-month periods ended September 27, 2024, respectively, and net interest expense of 5 million was recorded for the three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2023 arising from our outstanding indebtedness, which was incurred in September 2023. Before the Separation, Veralto depended on Danaher for all of its working capital and financing requirements under Danaher s centralized approach to cash management and financing of operations of its subsidiaries. As a result, with the exception of cash, cash equivalents and borrowings clearly associated with Veralto and related to the Separation, the Company recorded no interest expense in the Combined Condensed Financial Statements for periods prior to the Separation. 

INCOME TAXES 
 General 
 Income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s assessment of future taxes expected to be paid on items reflected in the Company s Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements. The Company records the tax effect of discrete items and items that are reported net of their tax effects in the period in which they occur. 
 The Company s effective tax rate can be impacted by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, accruals related to contingent tax liabilities and period-to-period changes in such accruals, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns (as discussed below), the expiration of statutes of limitations, the implementation of tax planning strategies, tax rulings, court decisions, changes in tax laws and regulations, and legislative policy changes. For a description of the tax treatment of earnings that are planned to be reinvested indefinitely outside the United States, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s effective tax rate: 
 Three-Month Period Ended Nine-Month Period Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Effective tax rate 23.4 23.5 24.8 23.5 
 Year-Over-Year Changes in the Tax Provision and Effective Tax Rate 
 The Company operates globally, including in certain jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates than the U.S. Therefore, based on earnings mix, the impact of operating in such jurisdictions contributes to a higher effective tax rate compared to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The effective tax rate for the three -month period ended September 27, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, net discrete expen se of 1 million related primarily to the tax impact of uncertain tax positions, partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The net discrete expense increased the effective tax rate by 0.3 for the three -month period ended September 27, 2024. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, the unfavorable impact of a non-deductible loss on the sale of a product line of 3 million , net discrete expense of 5 million related primarily to the tax impact of uncertain tax positions, partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The net discrete expense increased the effective tax rate by 1.0 for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024. 
 The effective tax rate for the three -month period ended September 29, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, partially offset by net discrete benefits of 6 million related primarily to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. The net discrete benefits reduced the effective tax rate by 2.2 for the three -month period ended September 29, 2023. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 principally due to the geographic mix of earnings described above, partially offset by net discrete benefits of 12 million related primarily to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The net discrete benefits reduced the effective tax rate by 1.4 for the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023. 
 The Company conducts business globally, and Danaher filed numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The non-U.S. countries in which the Company has a significant presence include Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Excluding these non-U.S. jurisdictions, the Company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate of any individual non-U.S. country would not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated and Combined Condensed Financial Statements given the geographic dispersion of the Company s income. 
 The Company is routinely examined by various domestic and international taxing authorities. In connection with the Separation, the Company entered into certain agreements with Danaher, including a tax matters agreement. The tax matters agreement distinguishes between the treatment of tax matters for Joint filings compared to Separate filings prior to the Separation. Joint filings involve legal entities, such as those in the United States, that include operations from both Danaher and the Company. By contrast, Separate filings involve certain entities (primarily outside of the United States) that exclusively include either Danaher s or the Company s operations, respectively. In accordance with the tax matters agreement, Danaher is liable for and has indemnified the Company against all income tax liabilities involving Joint filings for periods prior to the Separation. The Company remains liable for certain pre-Separation income tax liabilities including those related to the Company s Separate filings. 
 The amount of income taxes the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. Management performs a comprehensive review of its global tax positions on a quarterly basis. Based on these reviews, the results of discussions and resolutions of matters with certain tax authorities, tax rulings and court decisions and the expiration of statutes of limitations, reserves for contingent tax liabilities are accrued o r adjusted, as necessary. For a discussion of risks related to these and other tax matters, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2023 An nual Report on Form 10-K. 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 In 2024, compre hensive income increased 142 million for the three-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023, primarily driven by gains from foreign currency translation adjustments and to a lesser extent higher net earnings during the three month period ended September 27, 2024. Comprehen sive income increased 14 million for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023, primarily driven by gains from foreign currency translation adjustments during the nine month period ended September 27, 2024. The Company recorded foreign currency translation gains of 88 million offset by an unrealized loss on their net investment hedge of 18 million for the three-month period ended September 27, 2024. The foreign currency translation gains were driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar against most major foreign currencies in the period, compared to losses of 62 million for the three-month period ended September 29, 2023, primarily driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro, Swiss Franc, British pound, and Canadian dollar. The Company recorded foreign currency translation gains of 23 million offset by an unrealized loss on their net investment hedge of 6 million for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024. The foreign currency translation gains were driven by the weakening of the U.S. dollar against most major foreign currencies in the 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 period, compared to losses of 34 million for the nine-month period ended September 29, 2023, primarily driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar in the period. Foreign currency translation adjustments reflect the gain or loss resulting from the impact of the change in currency exchange rates on the Company s foreign operations as they are translated to the Company s reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Management assesses the Company s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities. The Company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue to invest in existing businesses, consummate strategic acquisitions, make interest payments on its outstanding indebtedness, and manage its capital structure on a short and long-term basis. 
 Overview of Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 Following is an overview of the Company s cash flows and liquidity in millions): 
 Nine-Month Period Ended in millions) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 590 700 Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment (33) (32) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 2 All other investing activities (7) (3) Net cash used in investing activities (40) (33) Payment of dividends (67) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 18 Net proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) 2,608 Consideration paid to Former Parent in connection with Separation (2,600) Net transfers to Former Parent (240) Net cash used in financing activities (49) (232) 
 Operating cash flows decreased 110 million, or 16 , during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023, primarily driven by cash interest payments of 137 million, cash tax payments of 209 million, and lower net income offset by changes in net working capital. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 7 million for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023, primarily driven by a 1 million increase in capital expenditures and a 4 million increase in other investing activities. 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 183 million for the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in 2023 as the Company no longer returns cash to the Former Parent. 

Dividends 
 Aggregate cash payments for dividends on Company common stock during the nine-month period ended September 27, 2024 were 67 million. 
 I n the third quarter of 2024, the Company declared a regular quarterly dividend of 0.09 per share of Company common stock payable on October 31, 2024 to holders of record as of September 27, 2024. 

Cash and Cash Requirements 
 A s of September 27, 2024, the Company held approximately 1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents that were on deposit with financial institutions or invested in highly liquid investment-grade debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less. Of the cash and cash equivalents, appro ximately 467 million was held within the United States and approximately 800 million was held outside of the United States. The Company will continue to have cash requirements to support general corporate purposes, 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 which may include working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying taxes and any related interest or penalties, funding its restructuring activities and pension plans as required, paying dividends to shareholders, repurchasing shares of the Company s common stock and supporting other business needs. 
 The Company generally intends to use available cash and internally generated funds to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, the Company may also borrow under its commercial paper programs (if available) or borrow under the Company s credit facility, enter into new credit facilities and either borrow directly thereunder or use such credit facilities to backstop additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper programs (if available) and/or access the capital markets. The Company also may from time to time seek to access the capital markets to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. 
 Repatriation of some cash held outside the United States may be restricted by local laws. Following enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the associated Transition T ax in 2017, in general, re patriation of cash to the United States can be completed with no material incremental U.S. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject the Company to non-U.S. withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes on distributions. The cash that the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions. The income taxes, if any, applicable to such earnings in cluding basis differences in Veralto s foreign subsidiaries are not readily determinable. As of September 27, 2024, managemen t believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including its cash needs in the United States. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 For a description of the Company s lease obligations, commitments and litigation and contingencies, refer to Notes 8, 15 and 16 to the audited Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements included within the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting estimates as described in th e 2023 Annu al Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk appear in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Instruments and Risk Management, within the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There were no material changes during the quarter ended September 27, 2024 to this information as reported in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company s most recent completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For addition al information regarding legal proceedings, refer to the section titled Legal Proceedings in the MD A section of the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There were no material changes during the quarter ended September 27, 2024 to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section of the 2023 Annual Rep ort on Form 10-K. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 (a) Exhibits: 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Veralto Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Veralto Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 2, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Veralto Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Veralto Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 2, 2023) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

36 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 VERALTO CORPORATION Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ Sameer Ralhan Sameer Ralhan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ Bernard M. Skeete Bernard M. Skeete Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vlto-20240927xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Jennifer L. Honeycutt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Veralto Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Jennifer L. Honeycutt Jennifer L. Honeycutt 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vlto-20240927xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, Sameer Ralhan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Veralto Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Sameer Ralhan Sameer Ralhan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vlto-20240927xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jennifer L. Honeycutt, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, Veralto Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Veralto Corporation. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Jennifer L. Honeycutt Jennifer L. Honeycutt President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Veralto Corporation specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vlto-20240927xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Sameer Ralhan, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, Veralto Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Veralto Corporation. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Sameer Ralhan Sameer Ralhan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Veralto Corporation specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vlto-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vlto-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vlto-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vlto-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vlto-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

