<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-Q_edgar_data_315293_0001628280-24-043809.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10147191</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146693</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1615328</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4104783</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2073674</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1996887</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-043809.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025160501
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-043809
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aon plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315293
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				981539969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07933
		FILM NUMBER:		241397071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 GEORGES QUAY
		CITY:			DUBLIN 2
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			D02 VR98
		BUSINESS PHONE:		35312666000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 GEORGES QUAY
		CITY:			DUBLIN 2
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			D02 VR98

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMBINED INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870504

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-043809.txt : 20241025

10-Q
 1
 aon-20240930.htm
 10-Q

aon-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 IRELAND (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 + 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, 
 Including Area Code) 

, 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Number of class A ordinary shares of Aon plc, 0.01 nominal value, outstanding as of October 24, 2024: 

INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains certain statements related to future results, or states our intentions, beliefs, and expectations or predictions for the future, all of which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements represent management s expectations or forecasts of future events. These statements include statements about our plans, objectives, strategies, financial performance and outlook, trends, prospects or other future events and involve known and unknown risks that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, project, intend, plan, probably, potential, looking forward, continue, and other similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like could, may, might, should, will, and would. You can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. For example, we may use forward-looking statements when addressing topics such as: market and industry conditions, including competitive and pricing trends; changes in our business strategies and methods of generating revenue; the development and performance of our services and products; changes in the composition or level of our revenues; our cost structure and the outcome of cost-saving or restructuring initiatives, including the impacts of the Accelerating Aon United Program; the outcome of contingencies; dividend policy; the expected impact of acquisitions, dispositions, and other significant transactions or the termination thereof; litigation and regulatory matters; pension obligations; cash flow and liquidity; expected effective tax rate; expected foreign currency translation impacts; potential changes in laws or future actions by regulators; and the impact of changes in accounting rules. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from either historical or anticipated results depending on a variety of factors. Potential factors, which may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that could impact results include: 
 changes in the competitive environment, due to macroeconomic conditions (including impacts from instability in the banking or commercial real estate sectors) or otherwise, or damage to our reputation; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange, interest, or inflation rates that could impact our financial condition or results; 
 changes in global equity and fixed income markets that could affect the return on invested assets; 
 changes in the funded status of our various defined benefit pension plans and the impact of any increased pension funding resulting from those changes; 
 the level of our debt and the terms thereof reducing our flexibility or increasing borrowing costs; 
 rating agency actions that could limit our access to capital and our competitive position; 
 our global tax rate being subject to a variety of different factors, including the adoption and implementation in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, or other countries of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development tax proposals or other pending proposals in those and other countries, which could create volatility in that tax rate; 
 changes in our accounting estimates and assumptions on our financial statements; 
 limits on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or otherwise make payments to their respective parent entities; 
 the impact of legal proceedings and other contingencies, including those arising from acquisition or disposition transactions, errors and omissions and other claims against us (including proceedings and contingencies relating to transactions for which capital was arranged by Vesttoo Ltd. or related to actions we may take in being responsible for making decisions on behalf of clients in our investment businesses or in other advisory services that we currently provide, or may provide in the future); 
 the impact of, and potential challenges in complying with, laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, particularly given the global nature of operations and the possibility of differing or conflicting laws and regulations, or the application or interpretation thereof, across such jurisdictions; 
 the impact of any regulatory investigations brought in Ireland, the United Kingdom, the United States, and other countries; 
 failure to protect intellectual property rights or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others; 
 general economic and political conditions in the countries in which we do business around the world; 
 3 

the failure to retain, attract and develop experienced and qualified personnel; 
 international risks associated with our global operations, including impacts from military conflicts or political instability, such as the ongoing Russian war in Ukraine and the conflicts in the Middle East; 
 the effects of natural or human-caused disasters, including the effects of health pandemics and the impacts of climate-related events; 
 any system or network disruption or breach resulting in operational interruption or improper disclosure of confidential, personal, or proprietary data, and resulting liabilities or damage to our reputation; 
 our ability to develop, implement, update, and enhance new technology; 
 the actions taken by third parties that perform aspects of our business operations and client services; 
 our ability to continue, and the costs and risks associated with growing, developing and integrating acquired business, and entering into new lines of business or products; 
 our ability to secure regulatory approval and complete transactions, and the costs and risks associated with the failure to consummate proposed transactions; 
 changes in commercial property and casualty markets, commercial premium rates or methods of compensation; 
 our ability to develop and implement innovative growth strategies and initiatives intended to yield cost savings (including the Accelerating Aon United Program) and the ability to achieve such growth or cost savings; 
 the effects of Irish law on our operating flexibility and the enforcement of judgments against us; 
 adverse effects on the market price of Aon s securities and/or operating results for any reason, including, without limitation, because of a failure to realize the expected be nefits of the acquisition of NFP (including anticipated revenue and growth synergies) in the expected timeframe, or at all; 
 significant transaction and integration costs in connection with the acquisition of NFP or unknown or inestimable liabilities; and 
 any potential adverse impact of the consummation of the acquisition of NFP on our relationships, including with suppliers, customers, employees, and regulators. 
 Any or all of our forward-looking statements may turn out to be inaccurate, and there are no guarantees about our performance. The factors identified above are not exhaustive. Aon and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business environment in which new risks may emerge frequently. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We are under no (and expressly disclaim any) obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 Further information about factors that could materially affect Aon, including our results of operations and financial condition, is contained in our filings with the SEC, including the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the risk factors set forth under the headings Risks Related to Aon and the NFP business after Completion of the Transaction and Risks Related to NFP s Business in our registration statement on Form S-4 effective April 23, 2024. These factors may be revised or supplemented in our subsequent periodic filings with the SEC. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Aon plc Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Aon plc Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Aon plc Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 Aon plc Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Aon plc Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Signature 
 Exhibit Index 
 
 5 

The below definitions apply throughout this report unless the context requires otherwise: 
 Term Definition ASC Accounting Standards Codification CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker DCF Discounted Cash Flow E O Errors and Omissions EBITDA Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization EMEA Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ESG Environmental, Social, and Governance E.U. European Union FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCA Financial Conduct Authority GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GHG Greenhouse Gas LOC Letter of Credit OECD Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development P C Property and Casualty ROU Right-of-Use SEC Securities and Exchange Commission U.K. United Kingdom U.S. United States VIE Variable Interest Entity 
 6 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Aon plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Total revenue Expenses Compensation and benefits Information technology Premises Depreciation of fixed assets Amortization and impairment of intangible assets Other general expense Accelerating Aon United Program expenses Total operating expenses Operating income Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to redeemable and non-redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Aon shareholders Basic net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - basic Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 7 

Aon plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Less: Net income attributable to redeemable and non-redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Aon shareholders Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Change in fair value of financial instruments ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Postretirement benefit obligation Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Aon shareholders ) Comprehensive income attributable to Aon shareholders 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 8 

Aon plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 (Unaudited) (millions, except nominal value) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Receivables, net Fiduciary assets 
 Other current assets Total current assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Fixed assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Prepaid pension Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests, and equity (deficit) Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Fiduciary liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Pension, other postretirement, and postemployment liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity (deficit) Ordinary shares - nominal value 
 Authorized: shares (issued: 2024 - ; 2023 - 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Aon shareholders' equity (deficit) ) Nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Total equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity (deficit) 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 9 

Aon plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (millions) Shares Ordinary Shares and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Non- redeemable Non- controlling Interests Total Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Shares issued - employee stock compensation plans ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends to shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value of financial instruments Net foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net postretirement benefit obligation Purchases of subsidiary shares from nonredeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends paid to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Shares issued - NFP Transaction Shares issued - employee stock compensation plans ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends to shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value of financial instruments Net foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net postretirement benefit obligation Purchases of subsidiary shares from nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Dividends paid to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock ) ) Adjustments to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (1) 
 Shares issued - employee stock compensation plans Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends to shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value of financial instruments Net foreign currency translation adjustments Net postretirement benefit obligation Purchases of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests Dividends paid to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, which included million of Net income related to redeemable noncontrolling interests. 
 10 

(millions) Shares Ordinary Shares and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Non-redeemable Non- controlling Interests Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Shares issued - employee stock compensation plans ) ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends to shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value of financial instruments Net foreign currency translation adjustments Net postretirement benefit obligation Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Shares issued - employee stock compensation plans ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends to shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value of financial instruments Net foreign currency translation adjustments Net postretirement benefit obligation Purchases of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Shares issued - employee stock compensation plans Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends to shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value of financial instruments ) ) Net foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Net postretirement benefit obligation Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests on subsidiary common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 11 

Aon plc 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (millions) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Gain from sales of businesses ) Depreciation of fixed assets Amortization and impairment of intangible assets Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Other, net ) Change in assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Accelerating Aon United Program liabilities Current income taxes ) Pension, other postretirement and postemployment liabilities ) Other assets and liabilities Cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from investments Purchases of investments ) ) Net sales of short-term investments - non fiduciary Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and funds held on behalf of clients ) ) Sale of businesses, net of cash and funds held on behalf of clients Capital expenditures ) ) Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
 ) Cash flows from financing activities Share repurchase ) ) Proceeds from issuance of shares Cash paid for employee taxes on withholding shares ) ) Commercial paper issuances, net of repayments ) ) Issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) Increase in fiduciary liabilities, net of fiduciary receivables Cash dividends to shareholders ) ) Redeemable and non-redeemable noncontrolling interests, and other financing activities ) ) Cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
 ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients Cash, cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients at end of period Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients: Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients classified as held for sale Funds held on behalf of clients Total cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 12 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 13 

of the Company s Total assets on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position for the period ended September 30, 2024. 
 Aon holds a controlling financial interest in entities that are not VIEs when it, directly or indirectly holds more than 50 of the voting rights and the noncontrolling interest holders do not hold substantive participating rights. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Final Rules 
 The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors 
 In March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures. The final rules will require the Company to provide certain climate-related information in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis regarding material climate-related risks, activities to mitigate or adapt to such risks, information regarding oversight and management of climate-related risks, information on climate-related targets or goals, and disclosure of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. Additionally, within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company will be required to disclose the financial statement effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions. The final rules are effective for Aon for the year ended December 31, 2025, with the exception of GHG emissions disclosures which are effective for Aon for the year ended December 31, 2026. After the adoption of the final rules, the final rules became subject to several legal challenges, and on April 4, 2024 the SEC voluntarily stayed the final rules pending judicial review. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the guidance will have on our disclosures and will monitor the judicial process for impacts on the disclosure requirements. 
 14 

3. 
 Reinsurance Solutions Health Solutions Wealth Solutions Eliminations ) ) ) ) Total revenue 
 Consolidated revenue from contracts with customers by geographic area, which is attributed on the basis of where the services are performed, is as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States Americas other than United States United Kingdom Ireland Europe, Middle East, Africa other than United Kingdom and Ireland Asia Pacific Total revenue 
 Contract Costs 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) Impairment Foreign currency translation and other ) Balance at end of period 
 An analysis of the changes in the net carrying amount of costs to obtain contracts with customers are as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of period Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) Impairment Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Balance at end of period 
 15 

4. 
 restructuring program called the Accelerating Aon United Program (the Program with the purpose of streamlining the Company s technology infrastructure, optimizing its leadership structure and resource alignment, and reducing its real estate footprint to align to its hybrid working strategy. The Program includes technology-related costs to facilitate streamlining and simplifying operations, headcount reduction costs, and costs associated with asset impairments, including real estate consolidation and technology costs. 
 Program charges are recognized within Accelerating Aon United Program expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and consists of the following cost activities: 
 Technology and other includes costs associated with actions taken to rationalize certain applications and to optimize technology across the Company. These costs may include contract termination fees and other non-capitalizable costs associated with Program initiatives, which include professional service fees. 
 Workforce optimization includes costs associated with headcount reduction and other separation-related costs. 
 Asset impairments includes non-cash costs associated with impairment of assets, as they are identified, including ROU lease assets, leasehold improvements, and other capitalized assets no longer providing economic benefit. 
 The Program is currently expected to result in cumulative costs of approximately billion, consisting of approximately million of cash charges and approximately million of non-cash charges. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total Program costs incurred were million and million, respectively. The Company expects to continue to review the implementation of elements of the Program throughout the course of the Program and, therefore, there may be changes to expected timing, estimates of expected costs, and related savings. 
 The Company s unpaid liabilities for charges under the Program are primarily included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other Non-cash charges (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Liability balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Total costs incurred from inception to date 
 million and million, respectively, of accelerated ROU asset amortization or impairments due to the Company s decision to exit certain leased properties as a result of the Program. The amounts are presented in Technology and other, where the corresponding liability is reflected within Other current liabilities and Non-current operating lease liabilities, which will ultimately be settled in cash. 
 
 5. 
 billion compared to billion at December 31, 2023. Of the total balances, million and million were restricted as to their use at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Included within Short-term investments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were million million at September 30, 2024 exchange rates) and million million at December 31, 2023 exchange rates), respectively, of operating funds required to be held by the Company in the U.K. by the FCA, a U.K.-based regulator. 
 16 

6. 
 Equity earnings Extinguishment of debt ) ) Pension and other postretirement ) ) ) ) Foreign currency remeasurement ) ) ) Financial instruments and other (1) 
 ) Total 
 ) ) 
 million and million 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Information 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 Provision Accounts written off, net of recoveries ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Other Current Assets 
 Prepaid expenses Taxes receivable Assets held for sale Other Total 
 (1) Refer to Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further information. 

17 

Taxes receivable Investments Leases Other Total 
 (1) Refer to Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further information. 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 Leases Taxes payable Contingent consideration Liabilities held for sale Other Total 
 
 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue of million and million , respectively, was recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, revenue of million and million, respectively, was recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Other Non-Current Liabilities 
 Contingent consideration Compensation and benefits Deferred revenue Leases Other Total 
 
 (1) Includes million for the non-current portion of the one-time mandatory transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings as of December 31, 2023. 
 18 

7. 
 colleagues. The Transaction expands Aon s presence in the large and fast-growing middle-market and enhances NFP s strong existing client relationships and distribution, by bringing Aon s data and analytics-based content, capabilities, and expertise, delivered through the Aon Business Services platform. 
 The Company completed and other acquisitions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Total consideration transferred for these acquisitions was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company completed and acquisitions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Total consideration transferred was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Acquisition of NFP 
 The Company acquired of the outstanding equity interests of NFP Intermediate Holdings A Corp. in a cash-and-stock merger for an aggregate U.S. GAAP preliminary purchase price totaling billion, including approximately billion used to settle indebtedness of NFP and cash consideration to the selling shareholders, and approximately million class A ordinary shares with a fair value of approximately billion, based on the Company s closing stock price on April 25, 2024. In addition, the Company had other adjustments of billion for cash and certain assumed liabilities. As part of the NFP Transaction, the Company acquired certain less-than-wholly owned entities, resulting in the recognition of noncontrolling interests which are described further below. 
 The Company financed the NFP Transaction, in part, with the net proceeds from Senior Notes issued on March 1, 2024 totaling to an aggregate amount of billion and proceeds from a billion delayed draw term loan which was drawn on April 25, 2024. Refer to Note 9 Debt for further information. 
 19 

Deferred and contingent consideration Class A ordinary shares issued Aggregate consideration transferred Assets acquired: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Fiduciary assets (1) 
 Goodwill Other intangible assets: Customer-related and contract-based Tradenames Technology and other Operating lease right-of-use assets Current assets Non-current assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Fiduciary liabilities Current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Less: Fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests (2) 
 ) ) Less: Fair value of nonredeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net assets acquired 
 (1) Includes million of funds held on behalf of clients. 
 (2) The fair value of the noncontrolling interests acquired was estimated using a discounted cash flow model under the income approach and used estimated financial projections developed by management applying market participant assumptions. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company made measurement period adjustments related to the NFP Transaction. Measurement period adjustments consisted of a decrease of acquired assets of million primarily related to a decrease in the fair value of acquired notes receivable (recorded within other current assets), a decrease of assumed liabilities of million primarily related to a decrease of deferred tax liabilities resulting from an adjustment to deferred state tax rates and deferred taxes recorded on other measurement period adjustments, and a million increase in the fair value of redeemable 
 20 

million increase to goodwill. The net income effect associated with the measurement period adjustments during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was immaterial. 
 The purchase price related to the NFP Transaction exceeded the estimated fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and, as a result of the purchase allocation, the Company recorded goodwill of approximately billion, which is fully allocated to the Aon United segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to anticipated growth opportunities and synergies as a result of the NFP Transaction which provides the Company with an expanded presence in the large and fast-growing middle-market. 
 The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the NFP Transaction approximated their carrying values as of the Acquisition Date with the exception of certain intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company used independent third-party valuation specialists to assist in determining the fair value of these intangible assets and liabilities. Provisional estimates of fair value are established at the time of the NFP Transaction. Such estimates are preliminary in nature and, therefore, could be subject to material adjustments. Any necessary adjustments must be finalized within one year of the Acquisition Date. There are significant estimates used in determining the fair values of certain intangible assets acquired, which consist of customer-related and contract-based assets, tradename, and technology, as well as certain liabilities assumed, which consist of contingent consideration obligations. 
 Customer-related and contract-based assets: The fair value was estimated based on a multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach and used estimated financial projections developed by management applying market participant assumptions. The customer relationships are amortized over years based upon the estimated economic benefits received. 
 Tradename: The fair value was estimated based on a relief from royalty method of the income approach, considering publicly available third-party trade name royalty rates as well as expected revenue generated by the use of the tradename over its anticipated life. The trade name is amortized over years based upon the estimated economic benefits received. 
 Technology: The fair value was estimated based on a replacement cost method of the cost approach which estimates the cost the Company would incur in rebuilding the technology. The technology is amortized over years based upon the estimated economic benefits received. 
 Contingent Consideration: The fair value of assumed contingent consideration was estimated based on a Monte Carlo simulation in a risk-neutral framework. Key assumptions for estimating fair value include projected revenue and EBITDA, as well as the discount rate and volatility associated with the relevant metric. Contingent consideration liabilities are classified as Level 3 because of the Company s reliance on unobservable inputs. 
 The estimates described above directly impact the amount of identified intangible assets recognized and the related amortization expense in future periods as well as certain liabilities assumed. Intangible assets acquired had a weighted average useful economic life of y ears. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate intangible assets relating to the NFP Transaction of approximately billion were recorded in Intangible assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These amounts are considered preliminary and, therefore, the Company may refine estimates and adjust the assets acquired and liabilities assumed over a measurement period, not to exceed one year from the Acquisition Date. These adjustments are made in the period in which the amounts are determined, and the current period income effect of such adjustments will be calc ulated as if the adjustments had been completed as of the Acquisition Date. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized less than million and million, respectively, of transaction costs in Other general expenses. Additional transaction costs include million of debt extinguishment charges recognized in Other income (expense) in the second quarter of 2024 in connection with the extinguishment of assumed long-term debt through cash tender offers on April 26, 2024. 
 The Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include the operations of NFP from the Acquisition Date. 
 Net loss attributable to Aon shareholders ) ) 
 21 

Net income attributable to Aon shareholders 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information is based on historical information of the Company and NFP, along with certain material pro forma adjustments. The material pro forma adjustments primarily consist of (i) incremental amortization expense based on the preliminary fair values of the intangible assets acquired; (ii) interest expense to reflect Aon s borrowings under the Senior Notes offering and delayed draw term loan; (iii) increased compensation expense relating to the issuance of certain cash and equity plans related to the NFP Transaction; (iv) nonrecurring transaction costs; (v) accounting policy alignment adjustments, and (vi) income tax impact of the aforementioned pro forma adjustments. In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reflected pro forma adjustments related to measurement period adjustments. 
 Completed Dispositions 
 The Company completed and di spositions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and dispositions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 There were million and million of pretax gains recognized related to dispositions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Th ere were pretax gains recognized related to dispositions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gains recognized as a result of a disposition are included in Other income (expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. There were losses related to dispositions for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million in losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 recognized in Accelerating Aon United Program expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. There were losses related to dispositions recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other Significant Activity 
 billion in cash paid at closing and deferred consideration of up to million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company earned million and million, respectively, of deferred consideration from the Buyer and the other designated purchasers. 
 
 8. 
 Goodwill related to current year acquisitions Goodwill related to current year disposals ) Foreign currency translation and other Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 22 

Tradenames Technology and other Total 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 9. 
 million Senior Notes matured and were repaid in full. 
 On April 25, 2024, Aon North America, Inc. drew its billion delayed draw term loan and used proceeds, together with the proceeds of the Senior Notes issued on March 1, 2024 described below, to pay a portion of cash consideration in connection with the NFP Transaction, to repay certain debt of NFP, and to pay related fees and expenses. The term loan matures on April 24, 2027 and is prepayable at any time. As of September 30, 2024, Aon North America, Inc. repaid million of the outstanding balance. The remaining outstanding balance is billion. Aon plc incurred million of debt extinguishment charges in the third quarter of 2024 related to the delayed draw term loan. 
 On April 2, 2024, Aon plc announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Randolph Acquisition Corp., commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding Senior Notes due 2028, Senior Secured Notes due 2028, Senior Secured Notes due 2030 and Senior Secured Notes due 2031, each issued by NFP Corp. (together, the NFP Notes ), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement, dated as of April 2, 2024. The total amount tendered pursuant to the tender offers was approximately billion, excluding premiums. On April 26, 2024, Randolph Acquisition Corp. purchased those NFP Notes that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to April 15, 2024, effecting the early settlement of the offers (the Early Settlement ). In addition, on April 16, 2024, NFP Corp. delivered notices of redemption of all NFP Notes not validly tendered pursuant to the offers and purchased at the Early Settlement, at a purchase price equal to the price paid to holders of the NFP Notes in connection with the Early Settlement, with a redemption date of April 26, 2024. As a result of the Early Settlement of the offers and the related redemption which occurred on April 26, 2024, no NFP Notes remain outstanding. Aon plc incurred million of debt extinguishment charges in the second quarter of 2024 related to costs related to the NFP Transaction. 
 On March 1, 2024, Aon North America, Inc. issued million Senior Notes due in March 2027 , billion Senior Notes due in March 2029, million Senior Notes due in March 2031, billion Senior Notes due in March 2034, and billion Senior Notes due in March 2054, totaling to an aggregate amount of billion. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including a portion of which that was used to pay a portion of the cash consideration in connection with the NFP Transaction, to repay certain debt of NFP, and to pay related fees and expenses. 
 In November 2023, Aon Global Limited s million Senior Notes matured and were repaid in full. 
 23 

million Senior Notes due in February 2033. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, Aon had primary committed credit facilities outstanding: its billion multi-currency U.S. credit facility expiring in September 2027 and its billion multi-currency U.S. credit facility expiring in October 2028. In aggregate, these facilities provide billion in available credit. 
 Each of these primary committed credit facilities and the delayed draw term loan includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including financial covenants that require Aon to maintain specified ratios of adjusted consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense and consolidated debt to adjusted consolidated EBITDA, in each case, tested quarterl y. Aon did t have borrowings under either of these primary committed credit facilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Additionally, Aon was in compliance with the financial covenants and all other covenants contained therein during the rolling 12 months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Commercial Paper 
 Aon Corporation has established a U.S. commercial paper program (the U.S. Program and Aon Global Holdings plc has established a European multi-currency commercial paper program (the European Program and, together with the U.S. Program, the Commercial Paper Program ). Commercial paper may be issued in aggregate principal amounts of up to approximately billion under the U.S. Program and million million at September 30, 2024 exchange rates) under the European Program, not to exceed the amount of the Company s committed credit facilities, which was billion at September 30, 2024. The aggregate capacity of the Commercial Paper Program remains fully backed by the Company s committed credit facilities. The U.S. Program was fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Aon plc, Aon Global Limited, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Global Holdings plc and the European Program was fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Aon plc, Aon Global Limited, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Corporation. 
 
 The weighted average commercial paper outstanding and its related interest rates are as follows (in millions, except percentages): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Weighted average commercial paper outstanding Weighted average interest rate of commercial paper outstanding 
 
 10. 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The effective tax rate on Net income was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the quarter-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items. The year-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items, including the favorable impacts of share-based payments offset by the unfavorable impact of other discrete items. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the quarter-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items, including the tax benefit from the release of a valuation allowance due to a change in judgement about the realizability of deferred tax assets. The year-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items, including the tax benefits associated with the release of a valuation allowance, share-based payments, and the anticipated sale of certain assets and liabilities classified as held for sale. 
 24 

11. 
 billion in authorized repurchases, and was increased by billion in authorized repurchases in each of November 2014, June 2017, and November 2020, and by billion in February 2022 for a total of billion in repurchase authorizations. 
 Under the Repurchase Program, the Company s class A ordinary shares may be repurchased through the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, from time to time, based on prevailing market conditions, and will be funded from available capital. 
 Average price per share Repurchase costs recorded to accumulated deficit 
 
 (1) Included in the million and million shares repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, were thousand shares that did not settle until October 2024. These shares were settled at an average price per share of and total cost of million. 
 At September 30, 2024, the remaining authorized amount for share repurchases under the Repurchase Program was approximately billion. Under the Repurchase Program, the Company has repurchased a total of million shares for an aggregate cost of approximately billion. 
 Weighted Average Ordinary Shares 
 Dilutive effect of potentially issuable shares Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 
 Potentially issuable shares are not included in the computation of Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders if their inclusion would be antidilutive. There were shares and million shares excluded from the calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. There were shares excluded from the calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 25 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Tax expense ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Change in Fair Value of Financial Instruments (1) 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Postretirement Benefit Obligation (2) 
 Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Tax expense ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Reclassifications from this category included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are recorded in Total revenue, Interest expense, and Compensation and benefits in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 13 Derivatives and Hedging for further information regarding the Company s derivative and hedging activity. 
 (2) Reclassifications from this category included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are recorded in Other income (expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 26 

12. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets, net of administration expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior-service cost Amortization of net actuarial loss Net periodic (benefit) cost ) Loss on pension settlement Total net periodic (benefit) cost ) Nine Months Ended September 30, U.K. 
 U.S. 
 Other 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets, net of administration expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior-service cost Amortization of net actuarial loss Net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) Loss on pension settlement Total net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) 
 In May 2023, to further its pension de-risking strategy, the Company settled certain pension obligations in the Netherlands through the purchase of annuities, where certain pension assets were liquidated to purchase the annuities. A non-cash settlement charge totaling million was recognized in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Contributions 
 Assuming no additional contributions are agreed to with, or required by, the pension plan trustees, the Company expects to make total cash contributions of approximately million, million, and million (at December 31, 2023 exchange rates) to its significant U.K., U.S., and other major pension plans, respectively, during 2024. 
 Contributions to U.S. pension plans 
 Contributions to other major pension plans Total contributions 
 27 

13. 
 . These derivatives are accounted for as hedges, and changes in fair value are recorded each period in Other comprehensive income (loss) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 The Company also uses foreign exchange derivatives, typically forward contracts and options, to economically hedge the currency exposure of the Company s global liquidity profile, including monetary assets or liabilities that are denominated in a non-functional currency of an entity, typically on a rolling -day basis, but may be for up to in the future. These derivatives are not accounted for as hedges, and changes in fair value are recorded each period in Other income (expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Not accounted for as hedges (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Included within Other current assets million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023) or Other non-current assets million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023). 
 (2) Included within Other current liabilities million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023). 
 (3) These contracts typically are for -day durations and executed close to the last day of the most recent reporting month, thereby resulting in nominal fair values at the balance sheet date. 
 
 ) 
 The amounts of derivative gains (losses) reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income are as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gain (loss) recognized in Total revenue ) ) Interest expense Total ) ) 
 The Company estimates that approximately million of pretax gains currently included within Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into earnings in the next twelve months. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded gain of million and , respectively, in Other income (expense) for foreign exchange derivatives not designated or qualifying as hedges. During the 
 28 

million and a gain of million, respectively, in Other income (expense) for foreign exchange derivatives not designated or qualifying as hedges. 
 
 14. 
 29 

Other investments Government bonds Derivatives (2) 
 Gross foreign exchange contracts Liabilities Derivatives (2) 
 Gross foreign exchange contracts 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Balance at December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets Money market funds (1) 
 Other investments Government bonds Derivatives (2) 
 Gross foreign exchange contracts Liabilities 0 Derivatives (2) 
 Gross foreign exchange contracts 
 (1) Included within Fiduciary assets or Short-term investments in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, depending on their nature and initial maturity. 
 
 There were no transfers of assets or liabilities between fair value hierarchy levels in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. The Company recognized no realized or unrealized gains or losses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 related to assets and liabilities measured at fair value using unobservable inputs. 
 Long-term debt 
 
 15. 
 30 

million plus any liability the owner has to third parties. In November 2019, a federal prosecutor in Brazil filed a public civil action naming Aon entities as defendants, along with the airline, the insurer and the lead reinsurer. That claim seeks pecuniary damages for families affected by the crash in the sum of million; or, in the alternative, million; or, in the alternative, million; plus moral damages of an equivalent sum. Separately, in March 2020, the Brazilian Federal Senate invited Aon to give evidence to a Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry in an investigation into the accident. Aon cooperated with that inquiry. In August 2020, individuals (surviving passengers and estates of the deceased) filed a motion in the Circuit Court of the 11th Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida, seeking permission to commence proceedings against Aon (and the insurer and reinsurers) for claims totaling million. Finally, in April 2021, representatives of passengers issued a claim against Aon in the High Court in England seeking damages under the Fatal Accidents Act 1976 in the sum of million million at September 30, 2024 exchange rates). In February 2024, the claim brought by representatives of passengers in the High Court in England was dismissed pursuant to an agreement among the parties. In December 2022, the High Court in England granted an anti-suit injunction, restricting the individuals who previously filed a motion in the Circuit Court of the 11th Judicial Circuit in and for Miami Dade County, Florida, from continuing litigation in the Circuit Court of the 11th Judicial Circuit against Aon. Aon believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself against the remaining claims. 
 Certain of the Company s clients and counterparties have initiated or indicated that they may initiate legal proceedings against the Company following allegations in July 2023 that fraudulent letters of credit were issued in the name of third-party banks in connection with transactions for which capital was arranged by Vesttoo Ltd. Vesttoo ). Vesttoo is one of the third parties that identifies capital providers to collateralize insurance and reinsurance obligations of the Company s clients and counterparties. In certain transactions in which Vesttoo identified third party capital providers to collateralize reinsurance obligations, including transactions in which the Company or its affiliates provided brokerage or other services, some letters of credit from third party banks are alleged to have been fraudulent. The pending or threatened legal proceedings against the Company allege, among other theories of liability, that in certain circumstances the Company failed to comply with its alleged duty to procure appropriate letters of credit. In particular, on November 30, 2023, Clear Blue Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates filed a lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court against Aon plc and Aon Insurance Managers (Bermuda) Ltd. alleging such claims. While Aon has settled and/or is in discussions to settle certain claims, Aon believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself against those claims that are not settled. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company recognized actual or anticipated legal settlement expenses in connection with these matters of million, of which a potentially significant amount may be recoverable in future periods. Aon may also seek recourse against third parties where appropriate, including in connection with bankruptcy proceedings filed by Vesttoo in the Bankruptcy Court for the U.S. District of Delaware. In addition, in August 2023, joint provisional liquidators were appointed over one of the Company s subsidiaries in Bermuda with respect to segregated accounts that were impacted by the allegedly fraudulent letters of credit. The joint provisional liquidators were released from their appointment on July 3, 2024. Aon continues to cooperate with regulators in Bermuda, and other regulatory authorities could initiate investigations or proceedings against the Company or third parties. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 The Company provides a variety of guarantees and indemnifications to its customers and others. The maximum potential amount of future payments represents the notional amounts that could become payable under the guarantees and indemnifications if there were a total default by the guaranteed parties, without consideration of possible recoveries under 
 31 

million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. These LOCs cover the beneficiaries related to certain of Aon s U.S. and Canadian secure n on-qualified pension plan schemes, reinsurance obligations related to Aon s own E O liability insurance program, and secure deductible retentions for Aon s own workers compensation program. The Company has also obtained LOCs to cover contingent payments for taxes and other business obligations to third parties, and other guarantees for miscellaneous purposes at its international subsidiaries. 
 Premium Payments 
 The Company has certain contractual contingent guarantees for premium payments owed by clients to certain insurance companies. The maximum exposure with respect to such contractual contingent guarantees was approximately million at September 30, 2024 compared to million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 16. 
 segment that includes all of Aon s operations, which as a global professional services firm provides a broad range of Risk and Human Capital Solutions through solution lines Commercial risk, Reinsurance, Health, and Wealth, which make up its principal products and services. The CODM assesses the performance of the Company and allocates resources based on segment: Aon United. 
 The Company s reportable operating segment has been determined using a management approach, which is consistent with the basis and manner in which the CODM uses financial information for the purposes of allocating resources and evaluating performance. The CODM assesses performance and allocates resources based on total Aon results against its key metrics, expense discipline, and collaborative behaviors that maximize value for Aon and its shareholders, regardless of which solution line it benefits. 
 As Aon operates as segment, segment profit or loss is consistent with consolidated reporting as disclosed in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further information on revenue by principal service line. 
 32 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF THIRD QUARTER 2024 FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 Aon plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of Risk and Human Capital Solutions. Through our experience, global reach, and comprehensive analytics, we help clients meet rapidly changing, increasingly complex, and interconnected challenges related to risk and people. We are committed to accelerating innovation to address unmet and evolving client needs so that our clients are better informed, better advised, and able to make better decisions to protect and grow their business. Management remains focused on strengthening Aon and uniting the firm with one portfolio of capability enabled by data and analytics and one operating model to deliver additional insight, connectivity, and efficiency. 
 Financial Results 
 The following is a summary of our third quarter of 2024 financial results. 
 Revenue increased 768 million, or 26 , to 3.7 billion compared to the prior year period, reflecting 7 organic revenue growth and acquired revenues from NFP. For the first nine months of 2024, revenue increased 1.6 billion, or 15 , to 11.6 billion compared to the prior year period due primarily to organic revenue growth of 6 and acquired revenues from the acquisition of NFP, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. 
 Total operating expenses in the third quarter increased 836 million, or 37 , to 3.1 billion compared to the prior year period, due primarily to the inclusion of NFP s ongoing operating expenses, an increase in intangible asset amortization associated with the acquisition of NFP, an increase in expense associated with 7 organic revenue growth, Accelerating Aon United restructuring program charges, and investments in long-term growth, partially offset by 25 million of restructuring savings realized in the quarter. Operating expenses for the first nine months of 2024 were 8.8 billion, an increase of 1.8 billion, or 26 , compared to the prior year period due primarily to the inclusion of NFP s operating expenses, an increase in expense associated with 6 organic revenue growth, Accelerating Aon United restructuring charges, and transaction and integration costs, partially offset by 70 million of restructuring savings. 
 Operating margin decreased to 16.7 from 23.4 in the prior year period. The decrease was driven by an increase in operating expenses as previously described, partially offset by total revenue growth of 26 . Operating margin for the first nine months of 2024 decreased to 23.8 from 30.1 in the prior period. The decrease was primarily driven by an increase in operating expenses as previously described and partially offset by total revenue growth of 15 . 
 Due to the factors set forth above, net income decreased 112 million, or 24 , to 355 million compared to the prior year period. For the first nine months of 2024, net income decreased 135 million, or 6 , to 2.0 billion compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 Diluted earnings per share was 1.57 compared to 2.23 per share for the prior year period. During the first nine months of 2024, diluted earnings per share was 9.20 compared to 10.03 per share for the prior period. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities was 1.8 billion for the first nine months of 2024, a decrease of 339 million from the prior year period, primarily due to higher cash taxes, and payments related to restructuring, legal settlement expenses, transaction and integration costs, and higher receivables, including from NFP, partially offset by strong adjusted operating income growth. 
 We focus on four key metrics, which are not presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, that we communicate to shareholders: organic revenue growth, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow. These non-GAAP metrics should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The following is our measure of performance against these four metrics for the third quarter of 2024: 
 Organic revenue growth is a non-GAAP measure defined under the caption Review of Consolidated Results Organic Revenue Growth. Organic revenue growth was 7 for the third quarter of 2024, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. Organic revenue growth was 6 for the first nine months of 2024, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. 
 Adjusted operating margin, a non-GAAP measure defined under the caption Review of Consolidated Results Adjusted Operating Margin, was 24.6 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 24.3 in the prior year period. The increase in adjusted operating income reflects the impact from NFP, organic revenue growth, net restructuring savings and increased fiduciary investment income, partially offset by increased expenses and investments in long-term growth. For the first nine months of 2024, adjusted operating margin was flat at 30.8 compared to the prior year period. 
 33 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure defined under the caption Review of Consolidated Results Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share, was 2.72 per share for the third quarter of 2024 and 11.16 per share for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 2.32 and 10.26 per share for the respective prior year periods. 
 Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure defined under the caption Review of Consolidated Results Free Cash Flow, decreased in the first nine months of 2024 by 299 million from the prior year period, to 1.7 billion, reflecting a decrease in cash flows from operations, partially offset by a 40 million decrease in capital expenditures compared to the prior year period, which was elevated due to the timing of projects and investments within the year. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE 
 For many companies, the management of ESG risks and opportunities has become increasingly important, and ESG-related challenges, such as extreme weather events, supply chain disruptions, cyber events, regulatory changes, ongoing public health impacts, and the increased focus on workforce resilience in various work environments, continue to create volatility and uncertainty for our clients. At Aon, helping clients manage risk - including ESG risk - is at the core of what we do. We offer a wide range of risk assessment, consulting, and advisory solutions, many of which are significant parts of our core business offerings, designed to address and manage ESG issues for clients, and to enable our clients to create more sustainable value. We see significant opportunity in enhancing our impact and delivering innovative client solutions on ESG matters. 
 ACQUISITION OF NFP 
 On April 25, 2024, the Company completed its acquisition of NFP, a leading middle-market provider of property and casualty brokerage, benefits consulting, wealth management, and retirement plan consulting, with more than 7,700 colleagues. The Company acquired NFP Intermediate Holdings A Corp. in a cash-and-stock merger for an aggregate U.S. GAAP preliminary purchase price totaling 9.1 billion, including approximately 3.2 billion to settle NFP indebtedness and cash consideration to the selling shareholders, and approximately 19 million class A ordinary shares with a fair value of approximately 5.9 billion, based on the Company s closing stock price on April 25, 2024. In addition, the Company had other adjustments of 3.9 billion for cash and certain assumed liabilities. 
 34 

REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 Summary of Results 
 Our consolidated results (unaudited) are as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Total revenue 3,721 2,953 11,551 10,001 Expenses Compensation and benefits 2,150 1,685 6,163 5,231 Information technology 141 135 397 403 Premises 88 74 241 217 Depreciation of fixed assets 47 42 136 119 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets 174 20 318 70 Other general expense 429 300 1,232 949 Accelerating Aon United Program expenses 69 6 320 6 Total operating expenses 3,098 2,262 8,807 6,995 Operating income 623 691 2,744 3,006 Interest income 4 9 63 19 Interest expense (213) (119) (582) (360) Other income (expense) 35 (21) 346 (105) Income before income taxes 449 560 2,571 2,560 Income tax expense 94 93 585 439 Net income 355 467 1,986 2,121 Less: Net income attributable to redeemable and non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 12 11 48 55 Net income attributable to Aon shareholders 343 456 1,938 2,066 Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders 1.57 2.23 9.20 10.03 Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted 218.4 204.6 210.6 206.0 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue increased 768 million, or 26 , to 3.7 billion, compared to the prior year period, due to acquired revenues from the acquisition of NFP and organic revenue growth of 7 , driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. For the first nine months of 2024, revenue increased 1.6 billion, or 15 , to 11.6 billion compared to the prior year period. This increase reflects organic revenue growth of 6 and the acquired revenues from the acquisition of NFP. 
 Commercial Risk Solutions revenue increased 267 million, or 17 , to 1.9 billion in the third quarter of 2024, primarily related to acquired revenues from the acquisition of NFP and 6 organic revenue growth, compared to 1.6 billion in the third quarter of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 6 in the third quarter of 2024, reflecting mid-single-digit or greater increases across all major geographies, and in NFP, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. Results reflect strong growth in North America driven by strength in core P C, which includes the majority of NFP s Commercial Risk solutions, and a double-digit increase in M A services. On average globally, exposures were modestly positive and aggregate pricing was flat, resulting in modestly positive market impact. For the first nine months of 2024, revenue increased 538 million, or 10 to 5.7 billion, compared to 5.1 billion in the first nine months of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 5 in the first nine months of 2024, reflecting growth across all major geographies, driven by net new business and strong retention. 
 Reinsurance Solutions revenue increased 38 million, or 8 , to 503 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 465 million in the third quarter of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 7 in the third quarter of 2024, reflecting double-digit increase in facultative placements, as well as strength in treaty, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. Market impact was modestly positive on results in the quarter. The majority of revenue in our treaty portfolio is recurring in nature and is recorded in connection with the major renewal periods that take place throughout the first half of the year. For the 
 35 

first nine months of 2024, revenue increased 156 million, or 7 , to 2.3 billion, compared to 2.1 billion in the first nine months of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 7 in the first nine months of 2024, reflecting strong growth in treaty, driven by net new business and strong retention, and facultative placements. 
 Health Solutions revenue increased 318 million, or 58 , to 870 million in the third quarter of 2024, primarily related to acquired revenues from the acquisition of NFP and 9 organic revenue growth, compared to 552 million in the third quarter of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 9 in the third quarter of 2024, reflecting strong growth globally in core health and benefits brokerage, which includes the majority of NFP s Health solutions, driven by net new business and ongoing strong retention. The core performance was highlighted by double-digit growth in EMEA, Asia and the Pacific, and Latin America. Results also reflect double-digit growth in Talent, with strong demand for talent analytics, solid growth in NFP, and slower growth in executive benefits. For the first nine months of 2024, revenue increased 595 million, or 36 , to 2.3 billion, compared to the first nine months of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 7 in the first nine months of 2024, reflecting strong growth globally in core health and benefits brokerage. 
 Wealth Solutions revenue increased 147 million, or 42 , to 499 million in the third quarter of 2024, primarily related to acquired revenues from the acquisition of NFP and 7 organic revenue growth, compared to 352 million in the third quarter of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 7 in the third quarter of 2024, reflecting strength in Retirement, driven by advisory demand and project-related work related to pension de-risking and the ongoing impact of regulatory changes. Strong growth in Investments, which includes the majority of NFP s Wealth solutions, was highlighted by strong revenue growth within NFP, driven by net asset inflows and market performance. For the first nine months of 2024, revenue increased 278 million, or 26 , to 1.3 billion, compared to 1.1 billion in the first nine months of 2023. Organic revenue growth was 7 in the first nine months of 2024, reflecting growth in Retirement, driven by advisory demand and project-related work related to pension de-risking and ongoing impact of regulatory changes, and modest growth in Investments. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and benefits expense increased 465 million, or 28 , and compared to the prior year period due primarily to the inclusion of ongoing operating expenses from NFP and expense associated with 7 organic revenue growth, partially offset by savings from Accelerating Aon United restructuring actions. For the first nine months of 2024, compensation and benefits increased 932 million, or 18 , compared to the first nine months of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the inclusion of ongoing operating expenses from NFP and an increase in expense associated with 6 organic revenue growth, partially offset by savings from Accelerating Aon United restructuring actions. 
 Information Technology 
 Information technology expenses, which represent costs associated with supporting and maintaining our infrastructure, increased 6 million, or 4 , compared to the prior year period due primarily to the inclusion of ongoing operating expenses from NFP, partially offset by efficiencies from our Aon Business Services operating platform and savings from Accelerating Aon United restructuring actions. For the first nine months of 2024, information technology expenses decreased 6 million, or 1 , compared to the first nine months of 2023. The decrease was due primarily to efficiencies from our Aon Business Services operating platform and savings from Accelerating Aon United restructuring actions, partially offset by the inclusion of operating expenses from NFP. 
 Premises 
 Premises expenses, which represent the cost of occupying offices in various locations throughout the world, increased 14 million, or 19 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 24 million, or 11 for the first nine months of 2024, each compared to the prior year period, due primarily to the inclusion of operating expenses from NFP, partially offset by savings from Accelerating Aon United restructuring actions. 
 Depreciation of Fixed Assets 
 Depreciation of fixed assets primarily relates to software, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, and equipment, computer equipment, buildings, and automobiles. Depreciation of fixed assets increased 5 million, or 12 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 17 million, or 14 for the first nine months of 2024, each compared to the prior year period due primarily to the inclusion of operating expenses from NFP, partially offset by savings from Accelerating Aon United restructuring actions. 
 Amortization and Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets primarily relates to finite-lived customer-related and contract-based assets as well as technology and other assets. Amortization and impairment of intangible assets increased 154 million, or 
 36 

770 in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 248 million, or 354 for the first nine months of 2024, each compared to the prior year period due primarily to an increase in intangible assets related to the NFP acquisition. 
 Other General Expense 
 Other general expenses increased 129 million, or 43 , in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 283 million, or 30 for the first nine months of 2024, due primarily to the inclusion of ongoing operating expenses from NFP and transaction and integration costs. 
 Accelerating Aon United Program Expenses 
 Accelerating Aon United Program expenses increased 63 million and 314 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year period relating to technology and other costs, workforce optimization, and asset impairments. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income represents income, net of expense, earned on operating cash balances and other income-producing investments. It does not include interest earned on funds held on behalf of clients. During the third quarter of 2024, interest income decreased from 5 million to 4 million and for the first nine months of 2024, interest income increased 44 million to 63 million compared to the prior year period primarily reflecting interest earned on the investment of 5 billion of term debt proceeds, which were ultimately used to fund the purchase of NFP. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense, which represents the cost of our debt obligations, increased 94 million to 213 million during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior year period, reflecting an increase in total debt, primarily to fund the purchase of NFP, and higher interest rates. For the first nine months of 2024, interest expense increased 222 million to 582 million compared to the prior year period. The increase was driven primarily by an increase in total debt outstanding, primarily to fund the purchase of NFP, and higher interest rates. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income was 35 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to Other expense of 21 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a gain on the sale of businesses, offset by the unfavorable impact of exchange rates on the remeasurement of assets and liabilities in non-functional currencies. Other income was 346 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to Other expense of 105 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase was primarily due to a gain on the sale of businesses. 
 Income before Income Taxes 
 Due to the factors discussed above, Income before income taxes for the third quarter of 2024 was 449 million, a 20 decrease from 560 million in the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, Income before income taxes was 2.6 billion, flat compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate on Net income was 20.9 and 22.8 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The effective tax rate on Net income was 16.6 and 17.1 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the quarter-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items. The year-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items, including the favorable impacts of share-based payments offset by the unfavorable impact of other discrete items. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the quarter-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items, including the tax benefit from the release of a valuation allowance due to a change in judgement about the realizability of deferred tax assets. The year-to-date tax rate was primarily driven by the geographical distribution of income and certain discrete items, including the tax benefits associated with the release of a valuation allowance, share-based payments, and the anticipated sale of certain assets and liabilities classified as held for sale. 
 
 37 

Ireland, the U.K., and many E.U. member states, among others, have enacted legislation to implement the global minimum tax that are consistent with the OECD s proposed Pillar Two tax regime. There remains significant uncertainty as to how the proposed Pillar Two tax regime and the OECD s past and potentially future Pillar Two guidance will ultimately apply to the Company. The Company is actively monitoring developments in this area and continues to evaluate the guidance and the potential impacts this may have on its global effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition in 2024 and future periods. 
 Net Income Attributable to Aon Shareholders 
 Net income attributable to Aon shareholders for the third quarter of 2024 decreased to 343 million, or 1.57 per diluted share, from 456 million, or 2.23 per diluted share, in the prior year period. Net income attributable to Aon shareholders for the first nine months of 2024 decreased 128 million to 1.9 billion, or 9.20 per diluted share, from 10.03 per diluted share, in the prior year period. 
 Non-GAAP Metrics 
 In our discussion of consolidated results, we sometimes refer to certain non-GAAP supplemental information derived from consolidated financial information specifically related to organic revenue growth, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted net income attributable to Aon shareholders, adjusted net income per share, adjusted other income (expense), adjusted effective tax rate, free cash flow, and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on operating results. Management believes that these measures are important to make meaningful period-to-period comparisons and that this supplemental information is helpful to investors. Management also uses these measures to assess operating performance and performance for compensation. This non-GAAP supplemental information should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Organic Revenue Growth 
 We use supplemental information related to organic revenue growth to help us and our investors evaluate business growth from ongoing operations. Organic revenue growth is a non-GAAP measure that includes the impact of certain intercompany activity and excludes the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, fiduciary investment income, acquisitions (provided that organic revenue growth includes organic growth of an acquired business as calculated assuming that the acquired business was part of the combined company for the same proportion of the relevant prior year period), divestitures (including held for sale disposal groups, if any), transfers between revenue lines, and gains or losses on derivatives accounted for as hedges. This supplemental information related to organic revenue growth represents a measure not in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Industry peers provide similar supplemental information about their revenue performance, although they may not make identical adjustments. A reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the reported Total revenue is as follows (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Less: Currency Impact (1) 
 Less: Fiduciary Investment Income (2) 
 Less: Acquisitions, Divestitures Other Organic Revenue Growth (3) 
 Revenue Commercial Risk Solutions 1,852 1,585 17 11 6 Reinsurance Solutions 503 465 8 1 7 Health Solutions 870 552 58 (1) 50 9 Wealth Solutions 499 352 42 1 34 7 Eliminations (3) (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total revenue 3,721 2,953 26 19 7 
 38 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Less: Currency Impact (1) 
 Less: Fiduciary Investment Income (2) 
 Less: Acquisitions, Divestitures Other Organic Revenue Growth (3) 
 Revenue Commercial Risk Solutions 5,675 5,137 10 5 5 Reinsurance Solutions 2,305 2,149 7 1 (1) 7 Health Solutions 2,265 1,670 36 29 7 Wealth Solutions 1,332 1,054 26 1 18 7 Eliminations (26) (9) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total revenue 11,551 10,001 15 9 6 
 (1) Currency impact represents the effect on prior year period results if they were translated at current period foreign exchange rates. 
 (2) Fiduciary investment income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 85 million and 80 million, respectively. Fiduciary investment income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 239 million and 196 million, respectively. 
 (3) Organic revenue growth includes the impact of certain intercompany activity and excludes the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, fiduciary investment income, acquisitions (provided that organic revenue growth includes organic growth of an acquired business as calculated assuming that the acquired business was part of the combined company for the same proportion of the relevant prior year period), divestitures (including held for sale disposal groups, if any), transfers between revenue lines, and gains or losses on derivatives accounted for as hedges. 
 Adjusted Operating Margin 
 We use adjusted operating margin as a non-GAAP measure of our core operating performance. Adjusted operating margin excludes the impact of certain items, as listed below, because management does not believe these expenses are the best indicators of our core operating performance. This supplemental information related to adjusted operating margin represents a measure not in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 A reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the reported operating margin is as follows (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 3,721 2,953 11,551 10,001 Operating income 623 691 2,744 3,006 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets 174 20 318 70 Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration 14 32 Accelerating Aon United Program expenses (1) 
 69 6 320 6 Transaction and integration costs (2) 
 35 145 Adjusted operating income 915 717 3,559 3,082 Operating margin 16.7 23.4 23.8 30.1 Adjusted operating margin 24.6 24.3 30.8 30.8 
 (1) Total charges are expected to include technology-related costs to facilitate streamlining and simplifying operations, headcount reduction costs, and costs associated with asset impairments, including real estate consolidation and technology costs. 
 (2) On April 25, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of NFP. As part of the acquisition, Aon incurred 35 million and 151 million of transaction and integration costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Transaction costs include advisory, legal, accounting, regulatory, and other professional or consulting fees required to complete the acquisition. Less than 1 million of transaction costs were recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 90 million of transaction costs were recognized in Total operating expenses and 6 million were recognized in Other income (expense) related to the extinguishment of acquired NFP debt. The NFP acquisition also will result in certain non-recurring integration costs associated with colleague severance, retention bonus awards, termination of redundant third-party agreements, costs associated with legal entity rationalization, and professional or consulting fees related to alignment of management processes and controls, as well as costs associated with the assessment of NFP information technology environment and security protocols. Aon incurred 35 million and 55 million of integration costs in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 39 

Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share 
 We use adjusted diluted earnings per share as a non-GAAP measure of our core operating performance. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the impact of certain items, as listed below, because management does not believe these expenses are the best indicators of our core operating performance. This supplemental information related to adjusted diluted earnings per share represents a measure not in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 A reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to reported diluted earnings per share is as follows (in millions, except per share data and percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 U.S. GAAP 
 Adjustments Non-GAAP Adjusted 
 Operating income 623 292 915 Interest income 4 4 Interest expense (213) (213) Other income (expense) (1) 
 35 (2) 33 Income before income taxes 449 290 739 Income tax expense (2) 
 94 39 133 Net income 355 251 606 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 12 12 Net income attributable to Aon shareholders 343 251 594 Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders 1.57 1.15 2.72 Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted 218.4 218.4 Effective tax rates (2) 
 20.9 18.0 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 U.S. GAAP 
 Adjustments Non-GAAP Adjusted 
 Operating income 691 26 717 Interest income 9 9 Interest expense (119) (119) Other income (expense) (21) (21) Income before income taxes 560 26 586 Income tax expense (2) 
 93 8 101 Net income 467 18 485 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 11 11 Net income attributable to Aon shareholders 456 18 474 Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders 2.23 0.09 2.32 Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted 204.6 204.6 Effective tax rates (2) 
 16.6 17.2 
 
 40 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 U.S. GAAP 
 Adjustments Non-GAAP Adjusted 
 Operating income 2,744 815 3,559 Interest income 63 63 Interest expense (582) (582) Other income (expense) (1)(3)(4) 
 346 (335) 11 Income before income taxes 2,571 480 3,051 Income tax expense (2) 
 585 67 652 Net income 1,986 413 2,399 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 48 48 Net income attributable to Aon shareholders 1,938 413 2,351 Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders 9.20 1.96 11.16 Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted 210.6 210.6 Effective tax rates (2) 
 22.8 21.4 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 U.S. GAAP 
 Adjustments Non-GAAP Adjusted 
 Operating income 3,006 76 3,082 Interest income 19 19 Interest expense (360) (360) Other income (expense) (5) 
 (105) 27 (78) Income before income taxes 2,560 103 2,663 Income tax expense (2) 
 439 55 494 Net income 2,121 48 2,169 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 55 55 Net income attributable to Aon shareholders 2,066 48 2,114 Diluted net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders 10.03 0.23 10.26 Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted 206.0 206.0 Effective tax rates (2) 
 17.1 18.6 
 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 2 million and 84 million gain was recognized, respectively, related to deferred consideration from the affiliates of The Blackstone Group L.P. and the other designated purchasers related to a divestiture completed in a prior year period. 
 (2) Adjusted items are generally taxed at the estimated annual effective tax rate, except for the applicable tax impact associated with certain pension settlements, Accelerating Aon United Program expenses, deferred consideration from a prior year sale of business, certain gains from dispositions, certain transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of NFP, and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, which are adjusted at the related jurisdictional rate. The tax adjustment also excludes interest accruals for income tax reserves related to the termination fee payment made in connection with the Company s terminated proposed combination with Willis Towers Watson. 
 (3) Adjusted Other income (expense) excluded gains from dispo sitions of 257 million related to the sale of a business fo r the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 (4) Adjusted Other income (expense) excluded 6 million of debt extinguishment charges related to the repayment of NFP debt, which is considered a transaction related cost incurred in the second quarter of 2024. 
 (5) To further its pension de-risking strategy, the Company settled certain pension obligations in the Netherlands through the purchase of annuities, where certain pension assets were liqu idated to purchase the annuities. A non-cash settlement charge of 27 million was recognized in the second quarter of 2023 which is excluded from adjusted other income (expense). 
 
 41 

Free Cash Flow 
 We use free cash flow, defined as cash flows provided by operations less capital expenditures, as a non-GAAP measure of our core operating performance and cash-generating capabilities of our business operations. This supplemental information related to free cash flow represents a measure not in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be viewed in addition to, not instead of, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Management believes the supplemental information related to free cash flow is helpful to investors when evaluating our operating performance and liquidity results. The use of this non-GAAP measure does not imply or represent the residual cash flow for discretionary expenditures. A reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the reported Cash provided by operating activities is as follows (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash provided by operating activities 1,835 2,174 Capital expenditures (163) (203) Free cash flow 1,672 1,971 
 Impact of Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
 Because we conduct business in over 120 countries, foreign exchange rate fluctuations may have a significant impact on our business. Foreign exchange rate movements may be significant and may distort true period-to-period comparisons of changes in revenue or pretax income. Therefore, to give financial statement users meaningful information about our operations, we have provided an illustration of the comparable impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our financial results. The methodology used to calculate this comparable impact isolates the impact of the change in currencies between periods by hypothetically translating the prior year quarter s revenue, expenses, and net income using the current quarter s foreign exchange rates. 
 Currency fluctuations had an unfavorable impact of 0.02 and an unfavorable impact of 0.05 on net income per diluted share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, if prior year period results were translated at current period foreign exchange rates. Currency fluctuations had an unfavorable impact of 0.01 and an unfavorable impact of 0.20 on net income per diluted share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, if 2022 results were translated at 2023 rates. 
 Currency fluctuations had an unfavorable impact of 0.02 and an unfavorable impact of 0.05 on adjusted diluted earnings per share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, if prior year period results were translated at current period foreign exchange rates. Currency fluctuations had an unfavorable impact of 0.01 and an unfavorable impact of 0.20 on adjusted diluted earnings per share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, if 2022 results were translated at 2023 rates. These translations are performed for comparative and illustrative purposes only and do not impact the accounting policies or practices for amounts included in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Liquidity 
 Executive Summary 
 We believe that our balance sheet and strong cash flow provide us with adequate liquidity. Our primary sources of liquidity in the near-term include cash flows provided by operations and available cash reserves; primary sources of liquidity in the long-term include cash flows provided by operations, debt capacity available under our credit facilities, and capital markets. Our primary uses of liquidity are operating expenses and investments, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, pension obligations, shareholder dividends, and Accelerating Aon United Program cash charges. We believe that cash flows from operations, available credit facilities, available cash reserves, and the capital markets will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including principal and interest payments on debt obligations, capital expenditures, pension contributions, and anticipated working capital requirements in the next twelve m onths and over the long-term. 
 Cash on our balance sheet includes funds available for general corporate purposes, as well as amounts restricted as to their use. Funds held on behalf of clients in a fiduciary capacity are segregated and shown together with uncollected insurance premiums in Fiduciary assets in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, with a corresponding amount in Fiduciary liabilities. 
 In our capacity as an insurance broker or agent, we collect premiums from insureds and, after deducting our commission, remit the premiums to the respective insurance underwriters. We also collect claims or refunds from underwriters on behalf of insureds, which are then returned to the insureds. Unremitted insurance premiums and claims are held by us in a fiduciary 
 42 

capacity. The levels of funds held on behalf of clients and liabilities can fluctuate significantly depending on when we collect the premiums, claims, and refunds, make payments to underwriters and insureds, and collect funds from clients and make payments on their behalf, and upon the impact of foreign currency movements. Funds held on behalf of clients, because of their nature, are generally invested in highly liquid securities with highly rated, credit-worthy financial institutions. Fiduciary assets include funds held on behalf of clients of 7.9 billion and 6.9 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and fiduciary receivables of 9.7 billion and 9.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. While we earn investment income on the funds held in cash and money market funds, the funds cannot be used for general corporate purposes. 
 We maintain multicurrency cash pools with third-party banks in which various Aon entities participate. Individual Aon entities are permitted to overdraw on their individual accounts provided the overall global balance does not fall below zero. At September 30, 2024, cash balances of one or more non-U.S. entities may have been negative; however, the overall balance was positive. 
 The following table summarizes our Cash and cash equivalents, Short-term investments, and Fiduciary assets as of September 30, 2024 (in millions): 
 Statement of Financial Position Classification Asset Type Cash and Cash Equivalents Short-term Investments Fiduciary Assets Total Certificates of deposit, bank deposits, or time deposits 1,103 4,768 5,871 Money market funds 196 3,172 3,368 Cash, Short-term investments, and funds held on behalf of clients 1,103 196 7,940 9,239 Fiduciary receivables 9,656 9,656 Total 1,103 196 17,596 18,895 
 A summary of our cash flows provided by and used for operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash provided by operating activities 1,835 2,174 Cash provided by (used for) investing activities (2,256) 52 Cash provided by (used for) financing activities 1,565 (1,201) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients 177 (57) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and funds held on behalf of clients 1,321 968 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 339 million from the prior year period to 1.8 billion. This amount represents Net income reported, generally adjusted for gains from sales of businesses, losses from sales of businesses, share-based compensation expense, depreciation expense, amortization and impairments, and other non-cash income and expenses, including pension settlement charges. Adjustments also include changes in working capital, that relate primarily to the timing of payments of accounts payable and accrued liabilities, collection of receivables, and payments for Accelerating Aon United Program expenses. 
 Pension Contributions 
 Pension contributions were 43 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 40 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the remainder of 2024, we expect to contribute approximately 25 million in cash to our pension plans, including contributions to non-U.S. pension plans, which are subject to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Accelerating Aon United Program Expenses 
 In the third quarter of 2023, we initiated the Accelerating Aon United Program (the Program with the purpose of streamlining our technology infrastructure, optimizing our leadership structure and resource alignment, and reducing our real estate footprint to align to our hybrid working strategy. The Program includes technology-related costs to facilitate streamlining and simplifying operations, headcount reduction costs, and costs associated with asset impairments, including real estate consolidation and technology costs. 
 43 

Program charges are recognized within the Program s expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and consists of the following cost activities: 
 Technology and other includes costs associated with actions taken to rationalize certain applications and to optimize technology across the Company. These costs may include contract termination fees and other non-capitalizable costs associated with Program initiatives, which include professional service fees. 
 Workforce optimization includes costs associated with headcount reduction and other separation-related costs. 
 Asset impairments includes costs associated with impairment of assets, as they are identified, including ROU lease assets, leasehold improvements, and other capitalized assets no longer providing economic benefit. 
 The changes in the Company s liabilities for the Program as of September 30, 2024 are as follows (in millions): 
 Technology and other Workforce optimization Asset impairments Total Liability Balance as of January 1, 2024 14 86 100 Charges 87 173 60 320 Cash payments (63) (120) (183) Foreign currency translation and other 2 2 Non-cash charges (1) 
 (24) (10) (60) (94) Liability balance as of September 30, 2024 
 14 131 145 Total costs incurred from inception to date 101 276 78 455 
 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 4 million and 24 million, respectively, of accelerated ROU asset amortization or impairments due to the Company s decision to exit certain leased properties as a result of the AAU Program. The amounts are presented in Technology and other, where the corresponding liability is reflected within Other current liabilities and Non-current operating lease liabilities, which will ultimately be settled in cash. 
 The Program is currently expected to result in cumulative costs of approximately 1.0 billion, consisting of approximately 900 million of cash charges and approximately 100 million of non-cash charges. The Program is estimated to generate annualized expense savings of approximately 350 million by the end of 2026, largely benefiting Compensation and benefits, Information technology, and Premises on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total Program costs incurred were 69 million and 320 million, respectively. The Company expects to continue to review the implementation of elements of the Program throughout the course of the Program and, therefore, there may be changes to expected timing, estimates of expected costs and related savings. Expense savings resulting from Program actions are continuously being realized in 2024, including 25 million and 70 million of savings realized in the first three and nine months of 2024, respectively, the majority of which are recognized within Compensation and benefits on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used for investing activities was 2.3 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.3 billion compared to 52 million of Cash flow provided by investing activities in the prior year period. Generally, the primary drivers of cash flows used for investing activities are acquisition of businesses, purchases of short-term investments, capital expenditures, and payments for investments. Generally, the primary drivers of cash flows provided by investing activities are sales of businesses, including collection of deferred consideration in connection with prior year business divestitures, sales of short-term investments, and proceeds from investments. The gains and losses corresponding to cash flows provided by proceeds from investments and used for payments for investments are primarily recognized in Other income (expense) in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Short-term Investments 
 As of September 30, 2024, short-term investments decreased 173 million to 196 million compared to December 31, 2023. The majority of our investments carried at fair value are money market funds. These money market funds are held throughout the world with various financial institutions. We are not aware of any market liquidity issues that would materially impact the fair value of these investments. 
 44 

Acquisitions and Dispositions of Businesses 
 During the first nine months of 2024, we completed sixteen acquisitions. Cash consideration, net of cash and funds held on behalf of clients acquired, was 3.0 billion, which includes 4 million related to acquisitions completed in 2023. During the first nine months of 2023, we completed two acquisitions. Cash consideration, net of cash and funds held on behalf of clients acquired, was 18 million, which included 2 million related to acquisitions completed in 2022. 
 During the first nine months of 2024, we completed five dispositions for 602 million, net of cash and funds held on behalf of clients. Additionally, we received 84 million of cash related to the deferred consideration earned in the first nine months of 2024 for the 2017 sale of the benefits administration and business process outsourcing business. During the first nine months of 2023, no businesses were sold, however, there was a 1 million impact, net of cash and funds held on behalf of clients, to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows related to dispositions completed in 2022. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our additions to fixed assets including capitalized software, amounted to 163 million and 203 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which primarily relate to the refurbishing and modernizing of office facilities, software development costs, and computer equipment purchases. In the current period, we continue to support certain technology projects to drive long-term growth and real estate projects to align with our Smart Working strategy. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.6 billion compared to 1.2 billion of Cash flows used for financing activities in the prior year period. Generally, the primary drivers of cash flows used for financing activities are repayments of debt, partially related to the cash tender offer for the NFP Notes, share repurchases, cash paid for employee taxes on withholding shares, dividends paid to shareholders, transactions with noncontrolling interests, and other financing activities, such as payments for deferred consideration in connection with prior year business acquisitions. Generally, the primary drivers of cash flow provided by financing activities are issuances of debt, changes in net fiduciary liabilities, and proceeds from issuance of shares. 
 We have a share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors. The Repurchase Program was established in April 2012 with 5.0 billion in authorized repurchases, and was increased by 5.0 billion in authorized repurchases in each of November 2014, June 2017, and November 2020, and by 7.5 billion in February 2022 for a total of 27.5 billion in repurchase authorizations. 
 The following table summarizes our share repurchase activity (in millions, except per share data): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Shares repurchased (1) 
 0.9 2.6 2.5 6.1 Average price per share 339.31 330.98 316.57 321.40 Repurchase costs recorded to accumulated deficit 
 304 850 804 1,950 
 (1) Included in the 0.9 million and 2.5 million shares repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, were 10.5 thousand shares that did not settle until October 2024. These shares were settled at an average price per share of 345.04 and total cost of 3.6 million. 
 At September 30, 2024, the remaining authorized amount for share repurchase under the Repurchase Program was approximately 2.5 billion. Under the Repurchase Program, the Company has repurchased a total of 171.6 million shares for an aggregate cost of approximately 25.0 billion. For further information regarding the Repurchase Program, see Part II, Item 2 of this report. 
 Borrowings 
 Total debt at September 30, 2024 was 17.1 billion, an increase of 5.9 billion compared to December 31, 2023. Further, commercial paper activity during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total issuances (1) 
 425 1,080 1,697 3,361 Total repayments (425) (1,137) (2,288) (3,635) Net repayments (57) (591) (274) 
 (1) The proceeds of the commercial paper issuances are generally used for short-term working capital needs. 
 45 

In June 2024, Aon Global Limited s 600 million 3.50 Senior Notes matured and were repaid in full. 
 On April 25, 2024, Aon North America, Inc. drew its 2 billion delayed draw term loan and used proceeds, together with the proceeds of the notes issued on March 1, 2024 described below, to pay a portion of cash consideration in connection with the NFP acquisition, to repay certain debt of NFP, and to pay related fees and ex penses. The term loan matures on April 24, 2027 and is prepayable at any time. As of September 30, 2024, Aon North America, Inc. repaid 850 million of the outstanding balance. The remaining outstanding balance is 1.2 billion. Aon plc incurred 1 million of debt extinguishment charges in the third quarter of 2024 related to the delayed draw term loan. 
 On April 2, 2024, Aon plc announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Randolph Acquisition Corp., commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding 6.875 Senior Notes due 2028, 4.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2028, 7.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2030 and 8.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2031, each issued by NFP Corp. (together, the NFP Notes ), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement, dated as of April 2, 2024. The total amount tendered pursuant to the tender offers was approximately 3.3 billion, excluding premiums. On April 26, 2024, Randolph Acquisition Corp. purchased those NFP Notes that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to April 15, 2024, effecting the early settlement of the offers (the Early Settlement ). In addition, on April 16, 2024, NFP Corp. delivered notices of redemption of all NFP Notes not validly tendered pursuant to the offers and purchased at the Early Settlement, at a purchase price equal to the price paid to holders of the NFP Notes in connection with the Early Settlement, with a redemption date of April 26, 2024. As a result of the Early Settlement of the offers and the related redemption which occurred on April 26, 2024, no NFP Notes remain outstanding. Aon plc incurred 6 million of debt extinguishment charges in the second quarter of 2024 related to costs related to the NFP Transaction. 
 On March 1, 2024, Aon North America, Inc. issued 600 million 5.125 Senior Notes due in Mar ch 2027, 1 billion 5.150 Senior Notes due in March 2029, 650 million 5.300 Senior Notes due in March 2031, 1.75 billion 5.450 Senior Notes due in March 2034, and 2 billion 5.750 Senior Notes due in March 2054, totaling to an aggregate amount of 6 billion. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including a portion of which that was used to pay a portion of the cash consideration in connection with the acquisition of NFP, to repay certain debt of NFP and to pay related fees and expenses. 
 In November 2023, Aon Global Limited s 350 million 4.00 Senior Notes matured and were repaid in full. 
 On February 28, 2023, Aon Corporation and Aon Global Holdings plc co-issued 750 million 5.35 Senior Notes due in February 2033. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. 
 Other Liquidity Matters 
 Distributable Profits 
 We are required under Irish law to have available distributable profits to make share repurchases or pay dividends to shareholders. Distributable profits are created through the earnings of the Irish parent company and, among other methods, through intercompany dividends or a reduction in share capital approved by the High Court of Ireland. Distributable profits are not linked to a U.S. GAAP reported amount (e.g. Accumulated Deficit). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had distributable profits in excess of 30.0 billion and 27.5 billion, respectively. We believe that we will have sufficient distributable profits for the foreseeable future. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 We expect cash generated by operations for 2024 to be sufficient to service our debt and contractual obligations, finance capital expenditures, and continue to pay dividends to our shareholders. Although cash from operations is expected to be sufficient to service these activities, we have the ability to access the commercial paper markets or borrow under our credit facilities to accommodate any timing differences in cash flows. Additionally, under current market conditions, we believe that we could access capital markets to obtain debt financing for longer-term funding, if needed. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Aon had two primary committed credit facilities outstanding: its 1.0 billion multi-currency U.S. credit facility expiring in September 2027 and its 1.0 billion multi-currency U.S. credit facility expiring in October 2028. In aggregate, these two facilities provide 2.0 billion in available credit. 
 Each of these primary committed credit facilities and the delayed draw term loan includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including financial covenants that require us to maintain specified ratios of adjusted consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense and consolidated debt to adjusted consolidated EBITDA, in each case, tested quarterly. Aon did not have borrowings under either of these primary committed credit facilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Additionally, Aon was in compliance with the financial covenants and all other covenants contained therein during the rolling 12 months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 46 

Shelf Registration Statement 
 On June 22, 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, registering the offer and sale from time to time of an indeterminate amount of, among other securities, debt securities, preference shares, class A ordinary shares and convertible securities. Our ability to access the market as a source of liquidity is dependent on investor demand, market conditions, and other factors. 
 Rating Agency Ratings 
 The major rating agencies ratings of our debt at October 25, 2024 appear in the table below. 
 Ratings Senior Long-term Debt Commercial Paper Outlook Standard Poor s A- A-2 Negative Moody s Investor Services Baa2 P-2 Stable Fitch, Inc. BBB+ F-2 Negative 
 Letters of Credit and Other Guarantees 
 We have entered into a number of arrangements whereby our performance on certain obligations is guaranteed by a third party through the issuance of a letter of credit. We had total LOCs outstanding of approximately 149 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 86 million at December 31, 2023. These LOCs cover the beneficiaries related to certain of our U.S. and Canadian secure non-qualified pension plan schemes, reinsurance obligations related to our own E O liability insurance program, and secure deductible retentions for our own workers compensation program. We also have ob tained LOCs to cover contingent payments for taxes and other business obligations to third parties, and other guarantees for miscellaneous purposes at our international subsidiaries. 
 We have certain contractual contingent guarantees for premium payments owed by clients to certain insurance companies. The maximum exposure with respect to such contractual contingent guarantees was approximately 133 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 194 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Guarantee of Registered Securities 
 Newly issued and outstanding debt securities by Aon Corporation are guaranteed by Aon Global Limited, Aon plc, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Global Holdings plc, and include the following (collectively, the Aon Corporation Notes ): 
 Aon Corporation Notes 8.205 Junior Subordinated Notes due January 2027 4.50 Senior Notes due December 2028 3.75 Senior Notes due May 2029 2.80 Senior Notes due May 2030 6.25 Senior Notes due September 2040 
 All guarantees of Aon plc, Aon Global Limited, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Global Holdings plc of the Aon Corporation Notes are joint and several as well as full and unconditional. Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of payment with all other present and future unsecured debt which is not expressed to be subordinate or junior in rank to any other unsecured debt of Aon Corporation. There are no subsidiaries other than those listed above that guarantee the Aon Corporation Notes. 
 47 

Newly issued and outstanding debt securities by Aon Global Limited are guaranteed by Aon plc, Aon Global Holdings plc, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Corporation, and include the following (collectively, the Aon Global Limited Notes ): 
 Aon Global Limited Notes 3.875 Senior Notes due December 2025 2.875 Senior Notes due May 2026 4.25 Senior Notes due December 2042 4.45 Senior Notes due May 2043 4.60 Senior Notes due June 2044 4.75 Senior Notes due May 2045 
 All guarantees of Aon plc, Aon Global Holdings plc, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Corporation of the Aon Global Limited Notes are joint and several as well as full and unconditional. Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of payment with all other present and future unsecured debt which is not expressed to be subordinate or junior in rank to any other unsecured debt of Aon Global Limited. There are no subsidiaries other than those listed above that guarantee the Aon Global Limited Notes. 
 Newly issued and outstanding debt securities by Aon North America, Inc. are guaranteed by Aon Global Limited, Aon plc, Aon Global Holdings plc, and Aon Corporation, and include the following (collectively, the Aon North America, Inc. Notes ): 
 Aon North America, Inc. Notes 5.125 Senior Notes due March 2027 Delayed Draw Term Loan due April 2027 5.150 Senior Notes due March 2029 5.300 Senior Notes due March 2031 5.450 Senior Notes due March 2034 5.750 Senior Notes due March 2054 
 All guarantees of Aon Global Limited, Aon plc, Aon Global Holdings plc, and Aon Corporation of the Aon North America, Inc. Notes are joint and several as well as full and unconditional. Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of payment with all other present and future unsecured debt which is not expressed to be subordinate or junior in rank to any other unsecured debt of Aon North America, Inc. There are no subsidiaries other than those listed above that guarantee the Aon North America, Inc. Notes. 
 Newly co-issued and outstanding debt securities by Aon Corporation and Aon Global Holdings plc (together, the Co-Issuers are guaranteed by Aon plc, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon Global Limited and include the following (collectively, the Co-Issued Notes ): 
 Co-Issued Notes - Aon Corporation and Aon Global Holdings plc 2.85 Senior Notes due May 2027 2.05 Senior Notes due August 2031 2.60 Senior Notes due December 2031 5.00 Senior Notes due September 2032 5.35 Senior Notes due February 2033 2.90 Senior Notes due August 2051 3.90 Senior Notes due February 2052 
 All guarantees of Aon plc, Aon Global Limited, and Aon North America, Inc. of the Co-Issued Notes are joint and several as well as full and unconditional. Senior Notes rank pari passu in right of payment with all other present and future unsecured debt which is not expressed to be subordinate or junior in rank to any other unsecured debt of the Co-Issuers. There are no subsidiaries other than those listed above that guarantee the Co-Issued Notes. 
 Aon Corporation, Aon North America, Inc., Aon Global Limited, and Aon Global Holdings plc are indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Aon plc. Aon plc, Aon Global Limited, Aon Global Holdings plc, Aon North America, Inc., and Aon 
 48 

Corporation together comprise the revised Obligor group . The following tables set forth summarized financial information for the revised Obligor group, which reflects the financial results of Aon North America, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the period ended September 30, 2024. 
 Adjustments are made to the tables to eliminate intercompany balances and transactions between the revised Obligor group. Intercompany balances and transactions between the revised Obligor group and non-guarantor subsidiaries are presented as separate line items within the summarized financial information. These balances are presented on a net presentation basis, rather than a gross basis, as this better reflects the nature of the intercompany positions and presents the funding or funded position that is to be received or owed. No balances or transactions of non-guarantor subsidiaries are presented in the summarized financial information, including investments of the revised Obligor group in non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
 Obligor Group Summarized Statement of Income Information Nine Months Ended (millions) September 30, 2024 Revenue Operating loss (88) Income from non-guarantor subsidiaries before income taxes 44 Net loss (606) Net loss attributable to Aon shareholders (606) 
 Obligor Group Summarized Statement of Financial Position Information As of As of (millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Receivables due from non-guarantor subsidiaries 14,206 1,431 Other current assets 57 230 Total current assets 14,263 1,661 Non-current receivables due from non-guarantor subsidiaries 10,875 10,873 Other non-current assets 1,339 1,228 Total non-current assets 12,214 12,101 Payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries 11,041 3,750 Other current liabilities 2,578 4,987 Total current liabilities 13,619 8,737 Non-current payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries 9,626 10,933 Other non-current liabilities 18,519 11,447 Total non-current liabilities 28,145 22,380 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies, which include revenue recognition, pensions, goodwill and other intangible assets, contingencies, share-based payments, income taxes, and Accelerating Aon United restructuring charges as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Note 2 Accounting Principles and Practices to our Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report contains a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and Securities and Exchange Commission final rules and their future potential impact on our financial results or disclosures, if determinable. 
 49 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to potential fluctuations in earnings, cash flows, and the fair values of certain of our assets and liabilities due to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To manage the risk from these exposures, we enter into a variety of derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivatives or financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 The following discussion describes our specific exposures and the strategies we use to manage these risks. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Practices in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements as discussed in Part II, Item 8 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our accounting policies for financial instruments and derivatives. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We are subject to foreign exchange rate risk. Our primary exposures include exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro, the British pound, the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, the Indian rupee, and the Japanese yen. We use over-the-counter options and forward contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency risk to our financial statements. 
 Additionally, some of our non-U.S. brokerage subsidiaries receive revenue in currencies that differ from their functional currencies. Our U.K. subsidiaries earn a portion of their revenue in U.S. dollars, euro, and Japanese yen, but most of their expenses are incurred in British pounds. At September 30, 2024, we have hedged approximately 45 of our U.K. subsidiaries expected exposures to U.S. dollar, euro, and Japanese yen transactions for the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We generally do not hedge exposures beyond three years. 
 We also use forward and option contracts to economically hedge foreign exchange risk associated with monetary balance sheet exposures, such as intercompany notes and current assets and liabilities that are denominated in a non-functional currency and are subject to remeasurement. 
 The translated value of revenues and expenses from our international brokerage operations are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we were to hypothetically translate prior year results at current quarter exchange rates, diluted earnings per share would have an unfavorable 0.02 comparable impact and an unfavorable 0.05 comparable impact during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Further, adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure as defined and reconciled under the caption Review of Consolidated Results Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share, would have an unfavorable 0.02 comparable impact and an unfavorable 0.05 comparable impact during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, if we were to hypothetically translate prior year results at current quarter exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our fiduciary investment income is affected by changes in international and domestic short-term interest rates. We monitor our net exposure to short-term interest rates and, as appropriate, hedge our exposure with various derivative financial instruments. This activity primarily relates to brokerage funds held on behalf of clients in the U.S. and in continental Europe. A decrease in global short-term interest rates adversely affects our fiduciary investment income. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. We have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information relating to Aon, including our consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in appropriate statute, SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to Aon s management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting . On April 25, 2024, Aon completed its acquisition of NFP. Aon is in the process of assessing NFP s internal controls over financial reporting and will make appropriate changes as NFP is integrated into the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. There were no changes in Aon s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, Aon s internal control over financial reporting. 
 50 

Part II Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 15 Claims, Lawsuits, and Other Contingencies to our Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The risk factors set forth in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the risk factors set forth under the headings Risks Related to Aon and the NFP business after Completion of the Transaction and Risks Related to NFP s Business in our Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective April 23, 2024, which are incorporated by reference herein, reflect certain risks associated with existing and potential lines of business and contain forward-looking statements as discussed in Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this report. Readers should consider them in addition to the other information contained in this report as our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if any of these risks actually occur. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following information relates to the purchase of equity securities by Aon or any affiliated purchaser during each month within the third quarter of 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1)(2) 
 7/1/24 - 7/31/24 42,683 328.00 42,683 2,803,273,430 8/1/24 - 8/31/24 462,258 333.09 462,258 2,649,299,377 9/1/24 - 9/30/24 389,784 347.93 389,784 2,513,681,233 894,725 339.31 894,725 2,513,681,233 
 (1) Does not include commissions paid to repurchase shares. 
 (2) The Repurchase Program was established in April 2012 with 5.0 billion in authorized repurchases and was increased by 5.0 billion in authorized repurchases in each of November 2014, June 2017, and November 2020, and by 7.5 billion in February 2022 for a total of 27.5 billion in repurchase authorizations. Included in the 0.9 million shares repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 10.5 thousand shares that did not settle until October 2024. These shares were settled at an average price per share of 345.04 and total cost of 3.6 million. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 We did not make any unregistered sales of equity in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibits The exhibits filed with this report are listed on the attached Exhibit Index. 
 51 

Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Aon plc (Registrant) October 25, 2024 By: /s/ Michael Neller Michael Neller SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND GLOBAL CONTROLLER (Principal Accounting Officer and duly authorized officer of Registrant) 
 52 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Aon plc, Randolph Acquisition Corp., Randolph Merger Sub LLC, NFP Intermediate Holdings A. Corp and NFP Parent Co, LLC, dated as of December 19, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Aon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2023). 
 3.1 Memorandum and Articles of Association of Aon plc (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Aon s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021) . 
 22.1 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 
 31.1 Certification of CEO. 
 31.2 Certification of CFO. 
 32.1 Certification of CEO Pursuant to section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 32.2 Certification of CFO Pursuant to section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 101 Interactive Data Files. The following materials are filed electronically with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 
 53 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 a221q32024.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The table below sets forth the respective issuers, co-issuers, and guarantors of the notes issued by Aon Global Limited, Aon Global Holdings plc, and Aon Corporation and the jurisdiction of incorporation of each such entity. 
 
 Aon Corporation Aon Global Limited Aon North America, Inc. Aon Corporation and Aon Global Holdings plc Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation 8.205 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2027 4.50 Senior Notes due 2028 3.75 Senior Notes due 2029 2.8 Senior Notes due 2030 6.25 Senior Notes due 2040 3.875 Senior Notes due 2025 2.875 Senior Notes due 2026 4.25 Senior Notes due 2042 4.45 Senior Notes due 2043 4.60 Senior Notes due 2044 4.75 Senior Notes due 2045 5.125 Senior Notes due 2027 5.150 Senior Notes due 2029 5.300 Senior Notes due 2031 5.450 Senior Notes due 2034 5.750 Senior Notes due 2054 2.85 Senior Notes due 2027 2.05 Senior Notes due 2031 2.60 Senior Notes due 2031 5.00 Senior Notes due 2032 
 5.35 Senior Notes due 2033 
 2.90 Senior Notes due 2051 3.90 Senior Notes due 2052 
 Aon plc Ireland Guarantor Guarantor Guarantor Guarantor Aon Global Limited UK Guarantor Issuer Guarantor Guarantor Aon Global Holdings plc UK Guarantor Guarantor Guarantor Co-Issuer Aon Corporation US Issuer Guarantor Guarantor Co-Issuer Aon North America, Inc. US Guarantor Guarantor Issuer Guarantor 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a311certificationofceoq320.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Gregory C. Case, the Chief Executive Officer of Aon plc, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aon plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 October 25, 2024 s GREGORY C. CASE 
 Gregory C. Case Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a312certificationofcfoq320.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Edmund Reese, the Chief Financial Officer of Aon plc, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aon plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 October 25, 2024 s EDMUND REESE 
 Edmund Reese Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a321certificationofceoq320.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 
 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 I, Gregory C. Case, the Chief Executive Officer of Aon plc (the Company ), certify that (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s GREGORY C. CASE 
 Gregory C. Case Chief Executive Officer October 25, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a322certificationofcfoq320.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 
 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 I, Edmund Reese, the Chief Financial Officer of Aon plc (the Company ), certify that (i) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s EDMUND REESE 
 Edmund Reese Chief Financial Officer October 25, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aon-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aon-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aon-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aon-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aon-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

