<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_313143_0000313143-24-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9058901</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118823</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1488510</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3490124</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2003453</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1760681</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000313143-24-000063.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107061111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000313143-24-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAEMONETICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000313143
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				042882273
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0329

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14041
		FILM NUMBER:		241432922

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 SUMMER STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7818487100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 SUMMER STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000313143-24-000063.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 hae-20240928.htm
 10-Q

hae-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No x 
 The number of shares of 0.01 par value common stock outstanding as of November 5, 2024: 

HAEMONETICS CORPORATION 
 INDEX 
 PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income - Three and Six Months Ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet - September 28 , 2024 and Consolidated Balance Sheet - March 30, 2024 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity - Three and Six Months Ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Six Months Ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 40 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 40 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 ITEM 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 40 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 40 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 41 
 SIGNATURES 
 42 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 HAEMONETICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited in thousands, except per share data) 

Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of acquired intangible assets Total operating expenses Operating income Interest and other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share - basic Net income per share - diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 HAEMONETICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited in thousands, except share data) 
 September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of at September 28, 2024 and at March 30, 2024 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization of at September 28, 2024 and at March 30, 2024 
 Goodwill Deferred tax asset Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related costs Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liability Other long-term liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; Authorized shares; Issued and outstanding shares at September 28, 2024 and shares at March 30, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 HAEMONETICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income Total Stockholders Equity Shares Par Value Balance, March 30, 2024 ) Employee stock purchase plan Exercise of stock options ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations ) Tax withholding on employee equity awards ) ) ) ) Purchase of capped call related to convertible notes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, June 29, 2024 ) Exercise of stock options ) Shares repurchased, including excise tax ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations Tax withholding on employee equity awards ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, September 28, 2024 ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income Total Stockholders Equity Shares Par Value Balance, April 1, 2023 ) Employee stock purchase plan Exercise of stock options ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations ) Tax withholding on employee equity awards ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, July 1, 2023 ) Exercise of stock options 37 Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations Tax withholding on employee equity awards ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 HAEMONETICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited in thousands) 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Non-cash items: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of fair value inventory step-up Share-based compensation expense Impairment of intangible assets Gain on repurchase of convertible senior notes, net ) Inventory reserve adjustment Gains on sales of property, plant and equipment ) ) Deferred tax benefit ) ) Other non-cash operating activities Change in operating assets and liabilities: Change in accounts receivable ) Change in inventories ) ) Change in prepaid income taxes ) ) Change in other assets and other liabilities ) ) Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Non-cash transfers from inventory to property, plant and equipment for Haemonetics equipment ) ) Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Repurchase of convertible senior notes ) Purchase of capped call related to convertible notes ) Term loan borrowings Term loan redemption ) Payments on revolving facility ) Repayment of term loan borrowings ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Share repurchases ) Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Cash used to net share settle employee equity awards ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 HAEMONETICS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, which included an upfront cash payment of million, or million net of cash acquired, the fair value of contingent consideration of million, and million of working capital adjustments. The contingent consideration is based on sales growth over the next three years, which is uncapped, and the achievement of certain other milestones. The Company financed the acquisition through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under its senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 Attune Medical's ensoETM technology is designed for use across a range of medical conditions involving patient cooling or warming, including treatment in electrophysiology, critical care, neurocritical care, trauma, burn surgery, spine surgery, and cancer surgery, among others. The Company s addition of the Esophageal Protection product line through its acquisition of 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million, net of million of cash acquired, consists of the amounts presented below, which represent the preliminary determination of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
 
 (In thousands) April 1, 2024 Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related costs Other liabilities Deferred tax liability Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 The Company determined that the identifiable intangible assets were developed technology, customer contracts and related relationships and trade names. The fair values of intangible assets were based on valuation techniques with estimates and assumptions developed by the Company. Developed technology was valued using the excess earnings method. Customer contracts and related relationships were valued using the distributor method. The trademark was valued using the relief from royalty method. The cash flows used in the valuation of the intangible assets were based on estimates used to price the transaction. In developing the discount rates applied to the cash flow projections, the discount rates were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital and then adjusted to reflect the relative risk of the asset. 
 
 The excess of the purchase price over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill. As a result of the acquisition of Attune Medical, the Company recognized goodwill of million based on expected synergies from integration into our Hospital business. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes and relates entirely to the Hospital reportable segment. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 years Customer contracts and related relationships years Trade names years Total 
 
 The Company recorded a long-term net deferred tax liability of million primarily related to fair value adjustments recorded associated with definite-lived intangible assets and inventory in which there is no tax basis, partially offset by deferred tax assets primarily related to net operating losses acquired. 
 
 Acquisition-Related Costs 
 
 The Company incurred million of acquisition-related costs during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 in connection with the Attune Medical acquisition. These costs related to legal and other professional fees, which were recognized in selling, general and administrative on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of Attune Medical from the date the acquisition was completed. Pro forma financial information has not been presented as the acquisition is not material to the Company s overall financial results. 
 
 OpSens Inc. 
 
 On October 10, 2023, the Company entered into an Arrangement Agreement with OpSens Inc. OpSens ), a medical device cardiology-focused company delivering solutions based on its proprietary optical technology, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of OpSens. On December 12, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of OpSens for total consideration of approximately million, or million, net of cash acquired. The Company financed the acquisition through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under its senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 OpSens offers commercially and clinically validated optical technology for use primarily in interventional cardiology. OpSens core products include the SavvyWire , a sensor-guided 3-in-1 guidewire for TAVR procedures, advancing the workflow of the procedure and enabling potentially shorter hospital stays for patients; and the OptoWire , a pressure guidewire that aims to improve clinical outcomes by accurately and consistently measuring Fractional Flow Reserve (FFR) and diastolic pressure ratio (dPR) to aid clinicians in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with coronary artery disease. OpSens also manufactures a range of fiber optic sensor solutions used in medical devices and other critical industrial applications. The addition of OpSens expands the Hospital business unit portfolio in the interventional cardiology market and is included in the Hospital reportable segment. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination, and in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations (Topic 805), recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recognized based on management s estimates and assumptions using the information regarding facts and circumstances that existed at the closing date. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 million, net of million of cash acquired, consists of the amounts presented below, which represe nt the final d etermination of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
 
 (In thousands) December 12, 2023 Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related costs Other liabilities Deferred tax liability Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 The Company determined that the identifiable intangible assets were developed technology, customer contracts and related relationships and trade names. The fair values of intangible assets were based on valuation techniques with estimates and assumptions developed by the Company. Developed technology and customer contracts and related relationships were valued using the excess earnings method. Trademarks were valued using the relief from royalty method. The cash flows used in the valuation of the intangible assets were based on estimates used to price the transaction. In developing the discount rates applied to the cash flow projections, the discount rates were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital and then adjusted to reflect the relative risk of the asset. 
 
 The excess of the purchase price over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill. As a result of the acquisition of OpSens, the Company recognized goodwill of million based on expected synergies from integration into our Hospital business. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes and relates entirely to the Hospital reportable segment. 
 
 years Customer contracts and related relationships years Trade names years Total 
 
 The Company recorded a net long-term deferred tax liability of million, primarily as a result of fair value adjustments recorded associated with definite-lived intangible assets and inventory in which there is no tax basis. 
 
 Acquisition-Related Costs 
 
 The Company incurred million of acquisition-related costs for fiscal 2024 in connection with the OpSens acquisition. These costs related to legal and other professional fees, which were recognized in selling, general and administrative on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million. The investments include both preferred stock and a special share that allows the Company to acquire Vivasure in accordance with an agreement between the parties. In addition, the Compan y made certain other strategic investments totaling million and million during fiscal 2025 and 2024, r espectively. The Company s strategic investments are classified as other long-term assets on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Company has recorded any adjustments to the carrying value of our strategic investments during three and six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

million of transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations related to executed contracts with an original duration of one year or more. The Company expects to recognize approximately of this amount as revenue within the next and the remaining balance thereafter. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables and contract assets, as well as customer advances, customer deposits and deferred revenue (contract liabilities) on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The difference in timing between billing and revenue recognition primarily occurs in software licensing arrangements, resulting in contract assets and contract liabilities. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the Company had contract liabilities of million and million, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized million and million of revenue, respectively, that was included in the above March 30, 2024 contract liability balance. Contract liabilities are classified as other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the Company s contract assets were immaterial. 

million and million by the end of fiscal 2025 under the program. The majority of charges will result in cash outlays, including severance and other employee costs, and will be incurred as the specific actions required to execute these initiatives are identified and approved. During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company incurred million and million , respectively, of restructuring and restructuring related costs under this program. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of restructuring and restructuring related costs under this program. Total cumulative charges under this progra m are million. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of restructuring and restructuring related costs related to these portfolio rationalization initiatives. 
 
 Costs incurred, net of reversals Payments ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 

Research and development ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Total 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had a restr ucturing liability of million , all of which is paya ble within the next twelve months. 
 
 In addition to the restructuring expenses included in the table above, the Company also incurred costs that do not constitute restructuring costs under ASC 420, Exit and Disposal Cost Obligations, and which the Company instead refers to as restructuring related costs. These costs consist primarily of expenditures directly related to the restructuring actions. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

) Blood Center Hospital Corporate Total Restructuring related costs Three Months Ended Six Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Plasma Blood Center Hospital Corporate Total Total restructuring and restructuring related costs 

million and million, respectively, representing effective tax rates of and . The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024, which includes an immaterial discrete tax benefit. The effective tax rate for the six months ended September 28, 2024 includes million of discrete tax benefit, primarily related to stock compensation windfalls. The discrete benefit also includes other items such as provision to return differences. 
 
 For the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company reported income tax expense of million and million, respectively, representing effective tax rates of and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 includes million of discrete tax benefit primarily related to stock compensation windfalls. The effective tax rate for the six months ended September 30, 2023 includes million of discrete tax benefit primarily related to stock compensation windfalls. 
 
 The increase in the reported tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in fiscal 2024, relates primarily to the unfavorable impact of the jurisdictional mix of earnings and non-deductible acquisition-related expenses. The decrease in the reported tax rate for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in fiscal 2024, relates primarily to increased discrete tax benefits year-over-year, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of jurisdictional mix of earnings and non-deductible acquisition-related expenses. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the U.S. Tax Court issued a decision in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. v. Commissioner. The decision related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Transition Tax on unrepatriated earnings of applicable foreign subsidiaries. The Company is still evaluating the impact and whether to file a protective refund claim with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average shares Basic income per share Diluted EPS Net income Basic weighted average shares Net effect of common stock equivalents Diluted weighted average shares Diluted income per share 
 
 Basic earnings per share is calculated using the Company s weighted-average outstanding common shares. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using its weighted-average outstanding common shares including the dilutive effect of stock awards as determined under the treasury stock method and the outstanding convertible senior notes as determined under the net share settlement method. From the time of the issuance of the convertible senior notes, the average market price of the Company's common shares has been less than the applicable initial conversion prices, and consequently no shares have been included in diluted earnings per share for the co nversion values of both convertible senior notes. For the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, weighted average shares outstanding, assuming dilution, excludes the impact of million anti-dilutive shares for both periods. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, weighted average shares outstanding, assuming dilution, excludes the impact of million and million anti-dilutive shares, respectively. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 In August 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a three-year share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to million of Haemonetics common stock, based on market conditions, through August 2025. Under the share repurchase program, the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time, outstanding shares of common stock in accordance with applicable laws on the open market, including under trading plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in privately negotiated transactions. The actual tim ing, number and value of shares repurchased will be determined by the Company at its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, applicable legal requirements and compliance with the terms of loan covenants. The share repurchase program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and the Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under the program. 
 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ASR with Citibank N.A. Citibank to repurchase million of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR, in August 2024, the Company paid Citibank million in cash and received an initial delivery of million shares of the Company's common stock based on a closing market price on the New York Stock Exchange on August 28, 2024 of . This initial delivery of shares represented approximately of the notional amount of the ASR. The ASR was completed in October 2024, subsequent to the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2025, and million additional shares were delivered upon settlement. As of September 28, 2024, the total remaining authorization for repurchases of the Company's common stock under the share repurchase program was million. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories 

Building and building improvements Plant equipment and machinery Office equipment and information technology Haemonetics equipment Construction in progress Total Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company received million of cash upon the sale of a manufacturing facility and related assets that previously met held for sale criteria, which resulted in a gain of million that was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 

percent o f the Company s total net sales. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Purchase accounting adjustments ) ) Acquisitions Currency translation Carrying amount as of September 28, 2024 
 
 The decrease in goodwill of million for purchase accounting adjustments was primarily related to the Company obtaining additional facts and information to finalize the pre-acquisition tax returns and associated analyses for OpSens. This resulted in the Company revising its estimate of the net deferred tax liability recorded as of the acquisition date. Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions and Strategic Investments, for additional information regarding the acquisitions of OpSens and Attune Medical. 
 
 Customer contracts and related relationships Capitalized software Patents and other Trade names Total Non-amortizable: In-process software development Total 
 (In thousands) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net As of March 30, 2024 
 Amortizable: Developed technology Customer contracts and related relationships Capitalized software Patents and other Trade names Total Non-amortizable: In-process research and development In-process software development Total 
 
 During fiscal 2025, the Company acquired Attune Medical and recorded million of developed technology, million of customer contracts and related relationships and million of trade name intangibles based on the purchase accounting valuation. Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions and Strategic Investments, for additional information regarding the acquisition. 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company announced the commercialization of MVP XL and moved the related in-process research and development intangible asset to developed technologies and commenced amortization. In the second quarter of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million related to the intangibles acquired as part of the enicor GmbH acquisition completed in fiscal 2021 within the Hospital business unit. 
 
 Intangible assets include the value assigned to license rights and other developed technology, patents, customer contracts and relationship s and trade names. The estimated useful lives for all of these intangible assets are approximately to years. 
 
 During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, amortization expense was million and million, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, amortization expense was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 

Term loan, net of financing fees Revolving credit facility Other borrowings Less: current portion ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 In March 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). The 2026 Notes are governed by the terms of the Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2026 Notes will mature on March 1, 2026, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company repurchased million of the aggregate principal amount for million, resulting in a gain of million related to the discount on repurchase. As the repurchase of the 2026 Notes met the criteria for extinguishment accounting, million of unamortized debt issuance costs were allocated to the repurchase, resulting in a net gain of million, which was recorded in Interest and other income (expense), net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, the conditions allowing holders of the 2026 Notes to convert have not been met. The 2026 Notes were therefore not convertible as of September 28, 2024 and were classified as long-term debt on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the million principal balance was netted down by million of remaining debt issuance costs, resulting in a net convertible note payable of million. Interest expense related to the 2026 Notes was million and million for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, which is entirely attributable to the amortization of the debt issuance costs. The remaining debt issuance costs are amortized at an effective interest rate of . 

17 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes are governed by the terms of the Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The total net proceeds from the sale of the 2029 Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and debt issuance costs, were million, with a portion of funds used to repay the entirety of the balance on the revolving credit facility under the Company s second amended and restated credit agreement, to repurchase a portion of the Company s 2026 Notes and to complete capped call transactions in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, as described further below. The Company intends to use the remainder of the proceeds for future cash requirements, which may include additional repurchases of the 2026 Notes from time to time following the offering, or the repayment at maturity of the 2026 Notes. The 2029 Notes will mature on June 1, 2029, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. 
 
 Holders may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 1, 2028 only under the following circumstances: 
 
 During any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) beginning after September 30, 2024, if, the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the applicable conversion price on each applicable trading day for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) in the period of the 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 
 
 During the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period in which, for each day of that period, the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Notes for such trading day was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the applicable conversion rate on such trading day; 
 
 The Company issues to common stockholders any rights, options, or warrants, entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 days, to purchase shares of common stock at a price per share less than the average closing sale price of 10 consecutive trading days, or the Company s election to make a distribution to common stockholders exceeding of the previous day s closing sale price; 
 
 Upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, as set forth in the indenture governing the 2029 Notes; or 
 
 Prior to the related redemption date if the Company calls the 2029 Notes for redemption. 
 
 On or after December 1, 2028, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or a portion of their 2029 Notes, in multiples of 1,000 principal amount, at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. The conversion rate for the 2029 Notes is shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Indenture. Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be converted and pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, common stock or a combination of cash and common stock, at the Company s election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Company s conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the notes being converted. If a make-whole adjustment event, as described in the Indenture, occurs and a holder elects to convert its 2029 Notes in connection with such make-whole adjustment event, such holder may be entitled to an increase in the conversion rate as described in the Indenture. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, the conditions allowing holders of the 2029 Notes to convert have not been met. The 2029 Notes were therefore not convertible as of September 28, 2024 and were classified as long-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The 2029 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after June 5, 2027 and on or before the 50th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving the Company, holders of the 2029 Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their 2029 Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be repurchased, plus 
 accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million, which will be amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the 2029 Notes at an effective interest rate of . 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the million principal balance was netted down by million of remaining debt issuance costs, resulting in a net convertible note payable of million. Interest expense related to the 2029 Notes was million and million for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, which includes nominal interest expense and the amortization of the debt issuance costs. 
 
 Capped Calls 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties Capped Calls ). The Capped Calls each have an initial strike price of approximately per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2029 Notes. The Capped Calls have initial cap prices of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Capped Calls are expected to partially offset the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the 2029 Notes, with such offset subject to a cap based on the cap price. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares of the Company s common stock. For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions, and not part of the 2029 Notes. As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the Capped Calls are recorded in stockholders' equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of million incurred to purchase the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and will not be remeasured. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 
 On July 26, 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement to refinance its credit facilities initially entered into in 2018 and extend their maturity date through June 2025. The amended and restated credit agreement provided for a million senior unsecured term loan and a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (together, the 2022 Revised Credit Facilities with applicable interest rates during the period established using an annual rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus an applicable rate ranging from to based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio, as specified in the agreement. 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with certain lenders to refinance the 2022 Revised Credit Facilities and extend their maturity date through April 2029. The second amended and restated credit agreement provides for a million senior unsecured term loan, the proceeds of which, along with million of cash on hand, were used to retire the balance of the term loan under the 2022 Revised Credit Facilities, and a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (together, the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities ). Loans under the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities will initially bear interest at an annual rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as specified in the second amended and restated credit agreement), which is subject to a floor of , plus an applicable rate ranging from to based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio (as specified in the second amended and restated credit agreement) at the applicable measurement date. The revolving credit facility carries an unused fee that ranges from to annually based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio at the applicable measurement date. The 2024 Revised Credit Facilities mature on April 30, 2029. The principal amount of the term loan under the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities amortizes quarterly through the maturity date at a rate of for the first three years following the closing date, for the fourth year following the closing date and for the fifth year following the closing date, with the unpaid balance due at maturity. 
 
 Under the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities, the Company is required to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not to exceed :1.0 or, on up to two occasions during the term of the facility, :1.0 for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ended immediately following acquisitions meeting certain criteria specified in the agreement. 
 
 The Company applied modification accounting for the credit facility refinancing, which resulted in the capitalization of an additional million in lender fees and third-party costs. During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs related to its credit facilities. 
 
 At September 28, 2024, million was outstanding under the term loan with an effective interest rate of , which was netted down by the million of remaining debt discount, resulting in a net note payable of million. The Company has scheduled principal payments of million required during the 12 months following September 28, 2024. There were outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facilities at September 28, 2024. The Company also had million of uncommitted operating lines of credit to fund its global operations under which there were outstanding borrowings as of September 28, 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter 

of the Company s sales were generated outside the U.S. in local currencies. The Company also incurs certain manufacturing, marketing and selling costs in international markets in local currency. 
 
 Accordingly, earnings and cash flows are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar, the Company s reporting currency. The Company has a program in place that is designed to mitigate the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. That program includes the use of derivative financial instruments to minimize, for a period of time, the impact on its financial results from changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the anticipated cash flows from transactions denominated in foreign currencies, primarily Japanese Yen and Euro, and to a lesser extent, Swiss Franc and Mexican Peso. This does not eliminate the impact of the volatility of foreign exchange rates. However, because the Company generally enters into forward contracts one year out, rates are fixed for a period, thereby facilitating financial planning and resource allocation. 
 
 Designated Foreign Currency Hedge Contracts 
 
 All of the Company s designated foreign currency hedge contracts as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 were cash flow hedges under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The Company records the effective portion of any change in the fair value of designated foreign currency hedge contracts in other comprehensive income until the related third-party transaction occurs. Once the related third-party transaction occurs, the Company reclassifies the effective portion of any related gain or loss on the designated foreign currency hedge contracts to earnings. In the event the hedged forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not occur, the Company will reclassify the amount of any gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge to earnings at that time. The Company had designated foreign currency hedge contracts outstanding in the contract amount of million as of September 28, 2024 and million as of March 30, 2024. At September 28, 2024, a loss of million, net of tax, will be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months. All currency cash flow hedges outstanding as of September 28, 2024 mature within twelve months. 
 
 Non-Designated Foreign Currency Contracts 
 
 The Company manages its exposure to changes in foreign currency on a consolidated basis to take advantage of offsetting transactions and balances. It uses foreign currency forward contracts as a part of its strategy to manage exposure related to foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. These foreign currency forward contracts are entered into for periods consistent with currency transaction exposures, generally one month. They are not designated as cash flow or fair value hedges under ASC 815. These forward contracts are marked-to-market with changes in fair value recorded to earnings. The Company had non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts under ASC 815 outstanding in the contract amount of million as of September 28, 2024 and million as of March 30, 2024. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 interest rate swaps, of which expired in June 2023 and the remaining were amended and extended in September 2024. The amendment and extension of the interest rate swaps did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Loans under the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities bear interest at an annual rate equal to the 1-month USD Term SOFR, plus an applicable rate ranging from to based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio. As a result of the amendment and extension in September 2024, the modified interest rate swaps (the Swaps have an average blended fixed interest rate of plus the applicable rate on approximately of the notional value of the unsecured term loan, until their maturity in April 2029. The Company has determined both of the Swaps are effective and qualify for hedge accounting treatment. 
 
 9/27/2024 9/30/2024 4/30/2029 ) 1-month USD Term SOFR 9/27/2024 9/30/2024 4/30/2029 ) Total ) 
 
 For the six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of million, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive loss to recognize the effective portion of the fair value of the swaps that qualify as cash flow hedges. 
 
 Trade Receivables 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company grants trade credit to its customers on normal credit terms. In an effort to reduce its credit risk, the Company (i) establishes credit limits for all customers, (ii) performs ongoing credit evaluations of customers financial condition, (iii) monitors the payment history and aging of customers receivables, and (iv) monitors open orders against an individual customer s outstanding receivable balance. 
 
 The Company s allowance for credit losses is maintained for trade accounts receivable based on the expected collectability, the historical collection experience, the length of time an account is outstanding, the financial position of the customer and information provided by credit rating se rvices. The Company has not experienced significant customer payment defaults, or identified other significant collectability concerns. 
 
 Credit loss Write-offs ) ) Ending balance 

21 

Table of Contents ) Net revenues, COGS and SG A Interest and other expense, net Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts Interest and other expense, net Designated interest rate swaps, net of tax ) Interest and other expense, net 
 
 The Company did not have fair value hedges or net investment hedges outstanding as of September 28, 2024 or March 30, 2024. As of September 28, 2024, material deferred taxes were recognized for designated foreign currency hedges. 
 
 ASC 815 requires all derivative instruments to be recognized at their fair values as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet. The Company determines the fair value of its derivative instruments using the framework prescribed by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , by considering the estimated amount it would receive or pay to sell or transfer these instruments at the reporting date and by taking into account current interest rates, currency exchange rates, current interest rate curves, interest rate volatilities, the creditworthiness of the counterparty for assets, and its creditworthiness for liabilities. In certain instances, the Company may utilize financial models to measure fair value. Generally, the Company uses inputs that include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; other observable inputs for the asset or liability; and inputs derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other means. As of September 28, 2024, the Company has classified its derivative assets and liabilities within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy prescribed by ASC 815, as discussed below, because these observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of its derivative instruments. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts Other current assets Designated interest rate swaps Other current assets Designated interest rate swaps Other long-term assets Derivative Liabilities: Designated foreign currency hedge contracts Other current liabilities Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts Other current liabilities Designated interest rate swaps Other long-term liabilities 
 
 Fair Value Measured on a Recurring Basis 
 
 Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts Designated interest rate swaps Liabilities Designated foreign currency hedge contracts Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts Designated interest rate swaps Contingent consideration As of March 30, 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Money market funds Designated foreign currency hedge contracts Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts Designated interest rate swaps Liabilities Designated foreign currency hedge contracts Non-designated foreign currency hedge contracts 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Monte Carlo Simulation Model Discount rate Projected year of payments 2025 - 2027 Regulatory-based payment Monte Carlo Simulation Model Discount rate Probability of payment 50 Projected year of payment 2026 - 2028 Event-based payment Monte Carlo Simulation Model Discount rate Projected year of payment 2028 
 
 The fair value of contingent consideration associated with the Attune Medical acquisition was million at September 28, 2024. As of September 28, 2024, million was included in other current liabilities and million was included in other long-term liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration Purchase accounting adjustments Change in fair value Balance at September 28, 2024 

Other Fair Value Disclosures 
 
 The fair values of the 2026 Notes and 2029 No tes were million and million as o f September 28, 2024, respectively, which were determined by using the market price on the last trading day of the reporting period and are considered as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 million within Other current liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets. In March 2024, notice of the settlement was mailed to class members and the parties are now awaiting the complete administration of the settlement through the third-party administrator. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company issued payment of the million settlement amount following the court's final approval of the settlement agreement and dismissal of the matter with prejudice. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, a complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware by Knoninklijke Philips N.V. and IP2IPO Innovations, Ltd. (together, the Plaintiffs against OpSens, OpSens Medical, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of OpSens, and Haemonetics (1:24-cv-00206-CFC). The complaint alleges, inter alia, that OpSens interventional cardiology systems, including its OptoWire and OptoMonitor technology, infringe a single patent held by the Plaintiffs and seeks both injunctive relief and damages. The Company believes it has valid and meritorious defenses to the complaint and plans to vigorously defend against the complaint. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company recorded a loss contingency related to this matter, which did not have a material impact on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Product Recall 
 
 In August 2023, the Company issued a voluntary recall of certain products within the Whole Blood portion of our Blood Center business unit sold to customers in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded cumulative charges of million related to inventory, returns and customer claims associated with this recall. Substantially all outstanding claims have been paid as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1) 
 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (1) 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of September 28, 2024 ) ) ) (1) Presented net of income taxes, the amounts of which are insignificant. 

global business units and the information that is regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker. 
 
 The Company s reportable and operating segments are as follows: 
 Plasma 
 Blood Center 
 Hospital 
 
 Management measures and evaluates the operating segments based on operating income. Management excludes certain corporate expenses from segment operating income. In addition, certain amounts that management considers to be non-recurring or non-operational are excluded from segment operating income because management evaluates the operating results of the segments excluding such items. Although these amounts are excluded from segment operating income, as applicable, they are included in the reconciliations that follow. Management measures and evaluates the Company s net revenues and operating income using internally derived standard currency exchange rates that remain constant from year to year; therefore, segment information is presented on this basis. 
 
 Blood Center Hospital Net revenues in constant currency Effect of exchange rates ) ) ) ) Net revenues (1) Beginning in fiscal 2025, the Company integrated service revenue within its three business units. Prior periods were conformed to current presentation. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Blood Center Hospital Segment operating income Corporate expenses (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates ) ) ) Amortization of acquired intangible assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of fair value inventory step-up ) ) Integration and transaction costs ) ) ) ) Restructuring costs ) ) ) ) Restructuring related costs ) ) ) ) Digital transformation costs ) ) ) ) PCS2 related charges ) ) MDR and IVDR costs ) ) ) ) Litigation-related charges ) ) ) ) Impairment of intangible assets ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment Operating income (1) Reflects shared service expenses including quality and regulatory, customer and field service, research and development, manufacturing and supply chain, as well as other corporate support functions. 

Apheresis Whole Blood Blood Center Interventional Technologies (1) 
 Blood Management Technologies (2) 
 Hospital Net revenues (3) 
 (1) Interventional Technologies includes Vascular Closure, Sensor Guided Technologies and Esophageal Protection product lines of the Hospital business unit. 
 (2) Blood Management Technologies includes Hemostasis Management, Cell Salvage and Transfusion Management product lines of the Hospital business unit. 
 (3) Beginning in fiscal 2025, the Company integrated service revenue within its three business units. Prior periods were conformed to current presentation. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Japan Europe Rest of Asia Other Net revenues 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with both our interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our annual consolidated financial statements, notes thereto and the MD A contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements and should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information in this discussion. 

Introduction 
 
 Haemonetics is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing a suite of innovative medical technology solutions that improve the quality, effectiveness and efficiency of care. We challenge ourselves to think big and make new possibilities a reality, so that our customers can make it matter for patients, every single day. Our technology addresses important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite and hospital transfusion services. 
 
 We view our operations and manage our business in three principal reporting segments: Plasma, Blood Center and Hospital. For that purpose, Plasma includes plasma collection devices and disposables, donor management software and supporting software solutions sold to plasma customers. Blood Center includes blood collection and processing devices and disposables for red cells, platelets and whole blood. Hospital is comprised of Interventional Technologies, which includes Vascular Closure, Sensor Guided Technologies and Esophageal Protection products, and Blood Management Technologies, which includes Hemostasis Management, Cell Salvage and Transfusion Management products. 
 
 We believe that Plasma and Hospital have growth potential, while Blood Center competes in challenging markets that require us to manage the business differently, including reducing costs, shrinking the scope of the current product line, and evaluating opportunities to exit unfavorable customer contracts. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Accelerated Share Repurchase 
 
 In August 2024, in accordance with our previously-announced three-year share repurchase program, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ASR with Citibank N.A. Citibank to repurchase 75.0 million of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR, in August 2024, we paid Citibank 75.0 million in cash and received an initial delivery of 0.8 million shares of our common stock based on a closing market price on the New York Stock Exchange on August 28, 2024 of 75.08. This initial delivery of shares represented approximately 80 of the notional amount of the ASR. The ASR was completed in October 2024, subsequent to the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2025, and 0.2 million additional shares were delivered upon settlement. As of September 28, 2024, the total remaining authorization for repurchases of our common stock under the share repurchase program was 150.0 million. 
 
 Issuance of Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 On May 28, 2024, we issued 700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.5 convertible senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes are governed by the terms of the Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The total net proceeds from the sale of the 2029 Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and debt issuance costs, were 682.8 million, of which 230.0 million was used to repay the entirety of the balance on the revolving credit facility under the Company s current credit agreement, 185.5 million was used to repurchase a portion of our existing 0 convertible senior notes due 2026 and 88.2 million was used to complete capped call transactions, with the remaining proceeds available for future cash requirements. The 2029 Notes will mature on June 1, 2029, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. 
 
 Debt Issuance and Repayment 
 
 On April 30, 2024, we entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with certain lenders to refinance our prior credit facilities and extend their maturity date through April 2029. The second amended and restated credit agreement provides for a 250.0 million senior unsecured term loan, the proceeds of which, along with 12.5 million of cash on hand, have been used to retire the balance of the term loan under our prior credit facilities, and a 750.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition of Attune Medical 
 
 On April 1, 2024, we completed our acquisition of Advanced Cooling Therapy, Inc., d/b/a Attune Medical Attune Medical for total consideration of 187.7 million, which included an upfront cash payment of 162.0 million, or 150.5 million net of cash acquired, the fair value of contingent consideration of 25.3 million, and 0.4 million of working capital adjustments. The contingent consideration is based on sales growth over the next three years, which is uncapped, and the achievement of certain other milestones. We financed the acquisition through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under its senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 Attune Medical's ensoETM technology is designed for use across a range of medical conditions involving patient cooling or warming, including treatment in electrophysiology, critical care, neurocritical care, trauma, burn surgery, spine surgery, and cancer surgery, among others. The addition of our Esophageal Protection product line through this acquisition expands our Hospital business unit s presence in electrophysiology and complements its Vascular Closure product line within Interventional Technologies, which is included in the Hospital reportable segment. 
 
 Acquisition of OpSens Inc. 
 
 On December 12, 2023, we completed our acquisition of OpSens Inc. OpSens for total consideration of approximately 254.5 million, or 243.9 million, net of cash acquired. We financed the acquisition through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under its senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 OpSens offers commercially and clinically validated optical technology for use primarily in interventional cardiology. OpSens core products include the SavvyWire , a sensor-guided 3-in-1 guidewire for TAVR procedures, advancing the workflow of the procedure and enabling potentially shorter hospital stays for patients; and the OptoWire , a pressure guidewire that aims to improve clinical outcomes by accurately and consistently measuring Fractional Flow Reserve (FFR) and diastolic pressure ratio (dPR) to aid clinicians in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with coronary artery disease. OpSens also manufactures a range of fiber optic sensor solutions used in medical devices and other critical industrial applications. The addition of OpSens expands our Hospital business unit portfolio in the interventional cardiology market and is included in the Hospital reportable segment. 
 
 Financial Summary 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended (In thousands, except per share data) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Increase/ (Decrease) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Increase/ (Decrease) Net revenues 345,511 318,183 8.6 681,683 629,515 8.3 Gross profit 187,437 170,510 9.9 362,361 337,775 7.3 of net revenues 54.2 53.6 53.2 53.7 Operating expenses 135,740 135,207 0.4 270,908 248,813 8.9 Operating income 51,697 35,303 46.4 91,453 88,962 2.8 of net revenues 15.0 11.1 13.4 14.1 Interest and other expense, net (6,993) (2,471) 183.0 (36) (4,540) (99.2) Income before provision for income taxes 44,704 32,832 36.2 91,417 84,422 8.3 Provision for income taxes 10,873 7,924 37.2 19,213 18,472 4.0 of pre-tax income 24.3 24.1 21.0 21.9 Net income 33,831 24,908 35.8 72,204 65,950 9.5 of net revenues 9.8 7.8 10.6 10.5 Net income per share - basic 0.66 0.49 34.7 1.42 1.30 9.2 Net income per share - diluted 0.66 0.48 37.5 1.40 1.28 9.4 
 
 Net revenues increased 8.6 and 8.3 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, net revenues increased 8.7 during both the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Revenue increases in our Hospital businesses, primarily related to recent acquisitions as well as volume and price benefits, drove the overall increases in revenue during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income in creased 46.4 and 2.8 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The increase during the three months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily due to operating leverage, partially offset by operating costs related to recent acquisitions and increased amortization of acquired intangible assets. The increase for the six months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily due to operating leverage and the gains realized on the sale of a manufacturing facility in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, partially offset by operating, transaction and integration costs related to recent acquisitions and increased amortization of acquired intangible assets. 
 
 Management s Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Management uses non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), to monitor the financial performance of the business, make informed business decisions, establish budgets and forecast future results. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplemental to, and not a substitute for, our reported financial results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Constant currency growth, a non-GAAP financial measure, measures the change in revenue between the current and prior year periods using a constant currency conversion rate. We have provided this non-GAAP financial measure because we believe it provides meaningful information regarding our results on a consistent and comparable basis for the periods presented. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Revenues by Geography 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Reported growth Currency impact Constant currency growth (1) 
 United States 256,061 236,345 8.3 8.3 International 89,450 81,838 9.3 (0.5) 9.8 Net revenues 345,511 318,183 8.6 (0.1) 8.7 Six Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Reported growth Currency impact Constant currency growth (1) 
 United States 504,963 473,418 6.7 6.7 International 176,720 156,097 13.2 (1.8) 15.0 Net revenues 681,683 629,515 8.3 (0.4) 8.7 (1) Constant currency growth, a non-GAAP financial measure, measures the change in revenue between the current and prior year periods using a constant currency. See Management s Use of Non-GAAP Measures. 

Our principal operations are in the United States, Europe, Japan and other parts of Asia. Our products are marketed in approximately 90 countries around the world through a combination of our direct sales force and independent distributors and agents. During both the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, our revenue generated outside the U.S. was 25.9 of total net revenues, as compared with 25.7 and 24.8 , respectively, during the three and six months ended September 30, 2023. International sales are generally conducted in local currencies, primarily Japanese Yen, Euro and Chinese Yuan. Our results of operations are impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly in the value of the Yen and Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar. We have placed foreign currency hedges on certain foreign currencies to mitigate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 Please see the section entitled Foreign Exchange in this discussion for a more complete explanation of how foreign currency affects our business and our strategy for managing this exposure. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenues by Business Unit 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Reported growth Currency impact Constant currency growth (1) 
 Plasma 138,561 142,794 (3.0) (3.0) Apheresis 54,332 54,973 (1.2) (1.0) (0.2) Whole Blood 14,196 14,683 (3.3) (3.3) Blood Center 68,528 69,656 (1.6) (0.7) (0.9) Interventional Technologies (2) 
 61,923 38,541 60.7 (0.2) 60.9 Blood Management Technologies (3) 
 76,499 67,192 13.9 0.3 13.6 Hospital 138,422 105,733 30.9 0.1 30.8 Net revenues (4) 
 345,511 318,183 8.6 (0.1) 8.7 Six Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Reported growth Currency impact Constant currency growth (1) 
 Plasma 274,471 282,415 (2.8) (2.8) Apheresis 103,426 104,139 (0.7) (2.0) 1.3 Whole Blood 31,347 34,723 (9.7) (0.1) (9.6) Blood Center 134,773 138,862 (2.9) (1.4) (1.5) Interventional Technologies (2) 
 124,967 76,161 64.1 (0.3) 64.4 Blood Management Technologies (3) 
 147,472 132,077 11.7 (0.2) 11.9 Hospital 272,439 208,238 30.8 (0.3) 31.1 Net revenues (4) 
 681,683 629,515 8.3 (0.4) 8.7 (1) Constant currency growth, a non-GAAP financial measure, measures the change in revenue between the current and prior year periods using a constant currency. See Management s Use of Non-GAAP Measures. 
 (2) Interventional Technologies includes Vascular Closure, Sensor Guided Technologies and Esophageal Protection product lines of the Hospital business unit. 
 (3) Blood Management Technologies includes Hemostasis Management, Cell Salvage and Transfusion Management product lines of the Hospital business unit. 
 (4) Beginning in fiscal 2025, the Company integrated service revenue within its three business units. Prior periods were conformed to current presentation. 

Plasma 
 
 Pla sma revenue decreased 3.0 and 2.8 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, Plasma revenue decreased 3.0 and 2.8 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The decreases during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily driven by lower sales volumes in North America, primarily relating to the previously announced customer transition of CSL Plasma, whose non-exclusive supply agreement with the Company is scheduled to expire in December 2025. We anticipate sales of approximately 100.0 million to CSL in fiscal 2025. The decrease for the six months ended September 28, 2024 was also due to a temporary plasma center outage at one of our customers. 
 
 Blood Center 
 
 Blood Center revenue decreased 1.6 and 2.9 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, Blood Center revenue decreased 0.9 and 1.5 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The decreases during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily driven by declines in our Whole Blood business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Hospital 
 
 Hospital revenue increased 30.9 and 30.8 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, Hospital revenue increased 30.8 and 31.1 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The increases during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily attributable to the product lines within the Interventional Technologies franchise with benefits from Sensor Guided Technologies and Esophageal Protection that were recently acquired, as well as growth in Vascular Closure as well as Blood Management Technologies. 

Gross Profit 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Increase September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Increase Gross profit 187,437 170,510 9.9 362,361 337,775 7.3 of net revenues 54.2 53.6 53.2 53.7 
 
 Gross profit increased 9.9 and 7.3 for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, gross profit increased 13.2 and 9.5 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The increases during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were driven by increased revenues in the Hospital business and volume, mix and price, partially offset by restructuring costs related to portfolio rationalization initiatives, foreign exchange, amortization of fair value inventory step-up related to the Attune Medical acquisition. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Increase/ (Decrease) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Increase Research and development 16,530 12,665 30.5 30,979 25,313 22.4 of net revenues 4.8 4.0 4.5 4.0 Selling, general and administrative 106,946 115,320 (7.3) 215,194 208,805 3.1 of net revenues 31.0 36.2 31.6 33.2 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 12,264 7,222 69.8 24,735 14,695 68.3 of net revenues 3.5 2.3 3.6 2.3 Total operating expenses 135,740 135,207 0.4 270,908 248,813 8.9 of net revenues 39.3 42.5 39.7 39.5 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 30.5 and 22.4 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, research and development expenses increased 30.7 and 22.5 during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The increases during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily due to increased headcount as a result of recent acquisitions. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrativ e expenses decreased 7.3 during the three months ended September 28, 2024 and increased 3.1 during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. Without the effects of foreign exchange, selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased 6.6 during the three months ended September 28, 2024 and increased 3.2 during th e six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024 . The decrease during the three months ended September 28, 2024 was driven by decreased performance-based compensation as well as decreases in impairment of intangible assets and litigation-related charges compared to the prior year period, partially offset by operating costs related to recent acquisitions and increased headcount. The increase during the six months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily driven by transaction, integration and operating costs related to recent acquisitions, increased headcount and restructuring costs related to portfolio rationalization initiatives, partially offset by gains 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 realized on the sale of a manufacturing facility in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and the decreases in impairment of intangible assets compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 We recognized amortization expense related to our acquired intangible assets of 12.3 million and 24.7 million during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and 7.2 million and 14.7 million during the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively . The increases were primarily related to the amortization of the intangible assets acquired in conjunction with the recent acquisitions of OpSens and Attune Medical. 
 
 Interest and Other Expense, Net 
 
 Interest and other expense in creased by 4.5 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024 and decreased 4.5 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024 , as compared with the same periods of fiscal 2024. The increase during the three months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the prior year period, was primarily driven by interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs on the 2029 Notes issued in fiscal 2025, partially offset by foreign exchange. The decrease during the six months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily driven by the net gain on the repurchase of convertible notes during the first quarter of fiscal 2025, partially offset by i nterest expense on the 2029 Notes issued in fiscal 2025 as well as higher interest incurred on our revolving credit facilities, as compared with the same period of fiscal 2024. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We conduct business globally and report our results of operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions in addition to the United States. Our reported tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings in any given period as the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have tax rates that differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate. Our effective tax rate is adversely impacted by non-deductible expenses including executive compensation and transaction costs. 
 
 For the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company reported income tax expense of 10.9 million and 19.2 million, representing effective tax rates of 24.3 and 21.0 . The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024, which includes an immaterial discrete tax benefit. The effective tax rate for the six months ended September 28, 2024 includes 3.6 million of discrete tax benefit, primarily related to stock compensation windfalls. The discrete benefit also includes other items such as provision to return differences. 
 
 For the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company reported income tax expense of 7.9 million and 18.5 million, respectively, representing effective tax rates of 24.1 and 21.9 , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 includes 0.1 million of discrete tax benefit primarily related to stock compensation windfalls. The effective tax rate for the six months ended September 30, 2023 includes 1.3 million of discrete tax benefit primarily related to stock compensation windfalls. 
 
 The increase in the reported tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in fiscal 2024, relates primarily to the unfavorable impact of the jurisdictional mix of earnings and non-deductible acquisition-related expenses. The decrease in the reported tax rate for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in fiscal 2024, relates primarily to increased discrete tax benefits year-over-year, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of jurisdictional mix of earnings and non-deductible acquisition-related expenses. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table contains certain key performance indicators we believe depict our liquidity and cash flow position: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents 299,283 178,800 Working capital 681,956 468,520 Current ratio 3.5 2.6 Net debt position (1) 
 (925,674) (628,993) Days sales outstanding (DSO) 56 54 Inventory turnover 1.4 1.7 
 (1) Net debt position is the sum of cash and cash equivalents less total debt. 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, internally generated cash flow from operations and our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. We believe these sources are sufficient to fund our cash requirements over at least the next twelve months and to meet our known long-term cash requirements, including our convertible senior notes due March 1, 2026. Our e xpected cash outlays relate primarily to acquisitions, investments, capital expenditures, including enhancements to our North American manufacturing facilities, share repurchases, portfolio rationalization initiatives and cash principal and interest payments under our revised credit agreements. As of September 28, 2024, we had 299.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, the majority of which is held in the U.S. or in countries from which it can be repatriated to the U.S. 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company used a portion of its proceeds from the 2029 Notes to repurchase, for 185.5 million, 200.0 million of the 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 0 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), resulting in a gain of 14.5 million related to the discount on repurchase. As the repurchase of the 2026 Notes met the criteria for extinguishment accounting, 1.9 million of unamortized debt issuance costs were allocated to the repurchase, resulting in a net gain of 12.6 million. As of September 28, 2024, the 300.0 million remaining principal balance on the 2026 Notes was netted down by 2.3 million of remaining debt issuance costs, resulting in a net convertible note payable of 297.7 million. Interest expense related to the 2026 Notes was 0.4 million and 1.0 million for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, which is entirely attributable to the amortization of the debt issuance costs. The remaining debt issuance costs are amortized at an effective interest rate of 0.5 . 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the 700.0 million principal balance of the 2029 Notes was netted down by 16.2 million of remaining debt issuance costs, resulting in a net convertible note payable of 683.8 million. Interest expense related to the 2029 Notes was 5.2 million and 6.9 million for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, which includes nominal interest expense and the amortization of the debt issuance costs. 
 
 On July 26, 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement to refinance its credit facilities initially entered into in 2018 and extend their maturity date through June 2025. The amended and restated credit agreement provided for a 280.0 million senior unsecured term loan and a 420.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (together, the 2022 Revised Credit Facilities with applicable interest rates during the period established using an annual rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus an applicable rate ranging from 1.125 to 1.750 based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio, as specified in the agreement. 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with certain lenders to refinance the 2022 Revised Credit Facilities and extend their maturity date through April 2029. The second amended and restated credit agreement provides for a 250.0 million senior unsecured term loan, the proceeds of which, along with 12.5 million of cash on hand, were used to retire the balance of the term loan under the 2022 Revised Credit Facilities, and a 750.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (together, the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities ). Loans under the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities will initially bear interest at an annual rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as specified in the second amended and restated credit agreement), which is subject to a floor of 0.0 , plus an applicable rate ranging from 1.125 to 1.750 based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio (as specified in the second amended and restated credit agreement) at the applicable measurement date. The revolving credit facility carries an unused fee that ranges from 0.125 to 0.250 annually based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio at the applicable measurement date. The 2024 Revised Credit Facilities mature on April 30, 2029. The principal amount of the term loan under the 2024 Revised Credit Facilities amortizes quarterly through the maturity date at a rate of 2.5 for the first three years following the closing date, 5.0 for the fourth year following the closing date and 7.5 for the fifth year following the closing date, with the unpaid balance due at maturity. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 At September 28, 2024, 248.4 million was outstanding under the term loan with an effective interest rate of 6.7 . There were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facilities at September 28, 2024. The Company also had 19.8 million of uncommitted operating lines of credit to fund its global operations under which there were no outstanding borrowings as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 The Company has scheduled principal payments of 3.1 million required during the remainder of fiscal 2025 related to its term loan. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors approved a revised Operational Excellence Program. We estimate that we will incur aggregate charges between 85.0 million and 90.0 million by the end of fiscal 2025 under the program in connection with the Operational Excellence Program. These charges, the majority of which will result in cash outlays, including severance and other employee costs, will be incurred as the specific actions required to execute these initiatives are identified and approved and are expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2025. During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company incurred 1.7 million and 4.1 million , respectively, of restructuring and restructuring related costs under this program. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Six Months Ended (In thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 21,402 118,210 Investing activities (162,564) (40,396) Financing activities 258,888 (7,770) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 2,757 (3,505) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 120,483 66,539 
 (1) The balance sheet is affected by spot exchange rates used to translate local currency amounts into U.S. Dollars. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have eliminated the effect of foreign currency throughout our cash flow statement, except for its effect on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 96.8 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the timing of accounts payable payments, increased inventory balances and a payment in connection with a previously disclosed legal settlement. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased by 122.2 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the six months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily the result of the acquisition of Attune Medical, partially offset by the proceeds from the sales of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 266.7 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared with the six months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the issuance the 2029 Notes, partially offset by the repurchase of a portion of the 2026 Notes, capped call transactions, share repurchases, payments on the revolving credit facility and debt issuance costs. 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 
 Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable are generally limited due to our large number of customers and their diversity across many geographic areas. Certain markets and industries, however, can expose us to concentrations of credit risk. For example, in the Plasma business unit, sales are concentrated with several large customers. As a result, accounts receivable extended to any one of these biopharmaceutical customers can be significant at any point in time. In addition, a portion of our trade accounts receivable outside the U.S. include sales to government-owned or supported healthcare systems in several countries, which are subject to payment delays and local economic conditions. Payment is dependent upon the financial stability and creditworthiness of those countries national economies. 
 
 We have not incurred significant losses on trade accounts or other receivables. We continually evaluate all receivables for potential collection risks associated with the availability of government funding and reimbursement practices. If the financial condition of customers or the countries healthcare systems deteriorate such that their ability to make payments is uncertain, allowances may be required in future periods. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Exchange 
 
 During both the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, 25.9 of our sales were generated outside the U.S., generally in foreign currencies, yet our reporting currency is the U.S. Dollar. We also incur certain manufacturing, marketing and selling costs in international markets in local currency. Our primary foreign currency exposures relate to sales denominated in Japanese Yen, Euro and Chinese Yuan. We also have foreign currency exposure related to manufacturing and other operational costs denominated in Swiss Francs, Canadian Dollars, Mexican Pesos and Malaysian Ringgit. The Yen, Euro and Yuan sales exposure is partially mitigated by costs and expenses for foreign operations and sourcing products denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 Since our foreign currency denominated Yen, Euro and Yuan sales exceed the foreign currency denominated costs, whenever the U.S. Dollar strengthens relative to the Yen, Euro or Yuan, there is an adverse effect on our results of operations and, conversely, whenever the U.S. Dollar weakens relative to the Yen, Euro or Yuan, there is a positive effect on our results of operations. For Swiss Francs, Canadian Dollars, Mexican Pesos and Malaysian Ringgit, our primary cash flows relate to product costs or costs and expenses of local operations. Whenever the U.S. Dollar strengthens relative to these foreign currencies, there is a positive effect on our results of operations. Conversely, whenever the U.S. Dollar weakens relative to these currencies, there is an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We have a program in place that is designed to mitigate our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. That program includes the use of derivative financial instruments to minimize, for a period of time, the unforeseen impact on our financial results from changes in foreign exchange rates. We utilize forward foreign currency contracts to hedge the anticipated cash flows from transactions denominated in foreign currencies, primarily Japanese Yen and Euro, and to a lesser extent Swiss Franc and Mexican Peso. This does not eliminate the volatility of foreign exchange rates, but because we generally enter into forward contracts one year out, rates are fixed for a one-year period, thereby facilitating financial planning and resource allocation. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. The final impact of currency fluctuations on the results of operations is dependent on the local currency amounts hedged and the actual local currency results. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 2, Recent Accounting Pronouncements , to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 
 Certain statements that we make from time to time, including statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference into this report, constitute forward looking-statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as may, will, should, could, would, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, projects, predicts, foresees, potential and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things: discussions of future operations; expected operating results and financial performance; the Company s strategy for growth; product development, commercialization and anticipated performance and benefits; regulatory approvals; impacts of acquisitions or dispositions; and market position and expenditures. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company s actual results and financial condition could vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. 
 
 The following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. For further discussion of these and other factors, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K (as supplemented by Part II, Item 1A. Risks Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended June 29, 2024). 
 
 Our ability to achieve our long-term strategic and financial-improvement goals; 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Demand for and market acceptance risks for new and existing products, including material reductions in purchasing from or loss of a significant customer; 
 
 Our ability to develop, manufacture and market new products and technologies successfully and in a timely manner and the ability of our competitors and other third parties to develop products or technologies that render our products or technologies noncompetitive or obsolete; 
 
 Product quality or safety concerns, leading to product recalls, withdrawals, regulatory action by the FDA (or similar non-U.S. regulatory agencies), reputational damage, declining sales or litigation; 
 
 Security breaches of our information technology systems or our products, which could impair our ability to conduct business or compromise sensitive information of the Company or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of customers patients; 
 
 The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from completed or planned acquisitions, including the Company s acquisitions of OpSens Inc. and Attune Medical, divestitures or other strategic investments by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected; 
 
 Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation among healthcare providers and other market participants; 
 
 Disruptions to the continuity, availability and pricing of plastic and other raw materials, finished goods and components used in the manufacturing of our products (including those purchased from sole-source suppliers) and the related continuity of our manufacturing, sterilization, supply chain and distribution operations, including disruptions caused by natural disasters, extreme weather and other conditions caused by or related to climate change, labor strikes, terrorism acts, cyber incidents or other adverse events; 
 
 Our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs that we have or may undertake, including the Operational Excellence Program and portfolio rationalization initiatives; 
 
 The impact of enhanced requirements to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. and around the world and the associated timing and cost of product approval; 
 
 Our ability to comply with established and developing U.S. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, European Union Medical Device Regulation and In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation and similar laws in other jurisdictions, as well as U.S. and foreign export and import restrictions and tariffs; 
 
 The impact of changes in U.S. and international tax laws; 
 
 Our ability to meet our debt obligations and raise additional capital when desired on terms reasonably acceptable to us; 
 
 The potential impact of our convertible senior notes and related capped call transactions; 
 
 Geopolitical and economic conditions in China, Taiwan, Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East and other foreign jurisdictions where we do business; 
 
 Our ability to execute and realize anticipated benefits from our investments in emerging economies; 
 
 The potential effect of foreign currency fluctuations and interest rate fluctuations on our net sales, expenses and resulting margins; 
 
 Our ability to protect intellectual property and the outcome of patent litigation; 
 
 Costs and risks associated with product liability and other litigation claims we may be subject to now or in the future; 
 
 Our ability to retain and attract key personnel; 
 
 Market conditions impacting our stock price and/or our share repurchase program, and the possibility that such share repurchase program may be delayed, suspended or discontinued; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to achieve against our corporate responsibility initiatives and meet evolving stakeholder expectations concerning corporate responsibility matters; and 
 
 The impact of actual or threatened public health crises. 
 
 Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the risks described above and in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (as supplemented by Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended June 29, 2024) to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information or future events or developments. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our exposures relative to market risk are due to foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 See the section above entitled Foreign Exchange for a discussion of how foreign currency affects our business. It is our policy to minimize, for a period of time, the unforeseen impact on our financial results of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates by using derivative financial instruments known as forward contracts to hedge anticipated cash flows from forecasted foreign currency denominated sales and costs. We do no t use the financial instruments for speculative or trading activities. 
 
 We estimate the change in the fair value of all forward con tracts assuming both a 10 strengthening and weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to all other major cu rrencies. As of September 28, 2024, in the event of a 10 strengthening of the U.S. Dollar, the change in fair value of all forward contracts would result in a 2.9 million increase in the fair value of the forward contracts, whereas a 10 weakening of the U.S. Dollar would result in a 3.5 million decr ease in the fair value of the forward contracts. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our exposure to changes in interest rates is associated with borrowings under our credit facilities, all of which is variable rate debt. Total outstanding debt under our senior unsecured term loan as of September 28, 2024 was 248.4 million with an effective interest rate of 6.7 based on prevailing Term SOFR rates. An increase of 100 basis points in Term SOFR rates would result in additional annual interest expense of 0.4 million . As of September 28, 2024 , the notional amount on our two active in terest rate swap agreements to effectively convert borrowings under our 2024 Revised Credit Facilities from a variable rate to a fixed rate were 205.8 million. These interest rate swaps are intended to mitigate the exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and qualify for hedge accounting treatment as cash flow hedges. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We conducted an evaluation, as of September 28, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively) regarding the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Offi cer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we implemented the first phase of a new global enterprise resource planning ERP system, which will continue to be impl emented in phases through fiscal 2026. The E RP will replace existing financial systems we have historically relied on. As each phase of the implementation occurs, we will reassess our processes and procedures, which may result in changes to our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information with respect to this Item may be found in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Except as set forth in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended June 29, 2024, there are no material changes from the Risk Factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In August 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had approved a three-year share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 300.0 million of Haemonetics common stock, based on market conditions, through August 2025. Under the share repurchase program, the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time, outstanding shares of common stock in accordance with applicable laws on the open market, including under trading plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in privately negotiated transactions. 
 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an ASR with Citibank to repurchase 75.0 million of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR, in August 2024, the Company paid Citibank 75.0 million in cash and received an initial delivery of 0.8 million shares of the Company's common stock based on a closing market price on the New York Stock Exchange on August 28, 2024 of 75.08. This initial delivery of shares represented approximately 80 of the notional amount of the ASR. The ASR was completed in October 2024, subsequent to the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2025, and 0.2 million additional shares were delivered upon settlement. As of September 28, 2024, the total remaining authorization for repurchases of the Company's common stock under the share repurchase program was 150.0 million. 
 
 The following table provides information on the Company s share repurchases during the second quarter of fiscal 2025: 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
 (in millions)( 
 June 30, 2024 July 27, 2024 
 225.0 July 28, 2024 August 24, 2024 
 225.0 August 25, 2024 September 28, 2024 
 799,148 75.08 
 799,148 150.0 Total 
 799,148 799,148 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 or trading arrangements for the sale of shares of our common stock. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Organization of the Company, reflecting Articles of Amendment dated August 23, 1993, August 21, 2006, July 26, 2018 and July 25, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated July 29, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 
 By-Laws of the Company, as amended through June 29, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Christopher A. Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley of 2002, of James C. D'Arecca, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Christopher A. Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of James C. D'Arecca, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 101 The following materials from Haemonetics Corporation on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 formatted in inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) includes: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Document filed with this report. Document furnished with this report. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 HAEMONETICS CORPORATION November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Christopher A. Simon Christopher A. Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 By: /s/ James C. D Arecca James C. D Arecca, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 haefy25q2sepex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Christopher A. Simon, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Haemonetics Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 
 s Christopher A. Simon Christopher A. Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 haefy25q2sepex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, James C. D'Arecca, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Haemonetics Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 
 s James C. D'Arecca James C. D'Arecca, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 haefy25q2sepex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 USC. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Haemonetics Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher A. Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 November 7, 2024 
 s Christopher A. Simon Christopher A. Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Haemonetics and will be retained by Haemonetics and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 haefy25q2sepex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 USC. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Haemonetics Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James C. D'Arecca, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 November 7, 2024 
 s James C. D'Arecca James C. D'Arecca, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Haemonetics and will be retained by Haemonetics and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hae-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hae-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hae-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hae-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hae-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

