<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_895464_0001640334-24-001693.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6494681</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125001</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1337289</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1549261</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1272617</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2030290</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-24-001693.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113060119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-24-001693
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yubo International Biotech Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				113074326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21320
		FILM NUMBER:		241450924

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 105, BUILDING 5, 31 XISHIKU AVENUE
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (010) 6615-5141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 105, BUILDING 5, 31 XISHIKU AVENUE
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAGNA LAB INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-24-001693.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 yubo_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

yubo_10q.htm 
 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to __________ Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , , , , (Address of principal executive offices and Zip code) +86 ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity as of the latest practicable date November 13, 2024. Class A Common Stock, 0.001 par value Class B Common Stock, 0.001 par value 4,447 Class Shares YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS QUARTERLY REPORT 3 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 4 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 5 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 5 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-1 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-2 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 6 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 18 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 18 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 19 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 19 Item 1A. Risk Factors 19 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 21 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 21 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 21 Item 5. Other Information 21 Item 6. Exhibits 22 SIGNATURES 23 2 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS QUARTERLY REPORT In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report ), unless otherwise specified, the terms we, our, us, our Company, the Company, or the Registrant refer to Yubo International Biotech Limited, a U.S. holding company and a New York corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Platinum International Biotech Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Platinum ), Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited, a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong and a wholly owned subsidiary of Platinum Platinum HK ), Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited, a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China and a wholly owned subsidiary of Platinum HK Yubo Chengdu or the WFOE ), and Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China Yubo Global ). We are a U.S. holding company primarily operating through our wholly owned subsidiary, Platinum. Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company, which in turn operates in China through its subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity VIE ), Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited, a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China and, through contractual arrangements with us, the Chinese operating company. None of our Company, Platinum, or Platinum HK, each as a holding company, conducts any day-to-day business operations in China. The term Yubo Beijing refers to Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited, a VIE organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China, including its wholly-owned subsidiary, Phoenix Club Bio-Medical Technology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd, a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China Yubo Phoenix ), and two other PRC subsidiaries, Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. Yubo Jingzhi and EpiAis Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd. Yubo Shenzhen ). Yubo Beijing conducts the day-to-day business operations of our Company in China through contractual arrangements with our subsidiaries. We do not own any equity interest in Yubo Beijing or any of its subsidiaries. Investors in our Class A common stock currently do not hold, and may never hold, any equity interest, directly or indirectly, in Yubo Beijing or any of its subsidiaries. Our corporate structure involving the VIE provides investors with contractual exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where PRC laws prohibit direct foreign investment in Chinese operating companies in certain industries, such as Yubo Beijing. This structure involves unique risks to investors and is subject to risks relating to our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and its shareholders. Our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing have not been tested in a court of law. If the PRC government finds these contractual arrangements non-compliant with the restrictions on direct foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if the relevant PRC laws, regulations, and rules or the interpretation thereof change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in Yubo Beijing or forfeit our rights under the contractual arrangements. Further, the Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and, given the resulting inability to consolidate Yubo Beijing s financial results in our consolidated financial statements, in the value of our Class A common stock, which could significantly decline or become worthless. 3 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this Quarterly Report that are not descriptions of historical facts are forward-looking statements that are based on management s current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price could be materially negatively affected. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, should, will, would or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated include those set forth in Part I Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The VIE and China Operations and Part II Other Information Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024, including, without limitation, risks relating to: the results of Yubo Beijing s research and development activities relating, in particular, to stem cell related technologies; the early stage of Yubo Beijing s product candidates presently under development; the need for substantial additional funds in order to continue our operations, and the uncertainty of whether we will be able to obtain the funding we need; Yubo Beijing s ability to obtain and, if obtained, maintain regulatory approval of its current product candidates, and any of its other future product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of any approved product candidate; Yubo Beijing s ability to retain or hire key scientific or management personnel; Yubo Beijing s ability to protect its intellectual property rights that are valuable to its business, including patent and other intellectual property rights; Yubo Beijing s dependence on third-party manufacturers, suppliers, research organizations, testing laboratories and other potential collaborators; Yubo Beijing s ability to develop successful sales and marketing capabilities in the future as needed; the size and growth of the potential markets for any of Yubo Beijing s approved product candidates, and the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of its approved product candidates; competition in the industry; and regulatory developments in China. We operate in a rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. As a result, it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report speak only as of the date hereof, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 4 Table of Contents PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Table of Contents Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) F-1 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) F-2 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) F-6 5 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets Cash Receivables Prepaid expenses Inventory Due from related parties Total Current Assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right of use asset Lease security deposits Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses (including accounts payable and accrued expenses of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Advances from prospective customers/distributors (including advances from prospective customers/distributors of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Due to related parties (including due to related parties without recourse to the Company of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Operating lease liabilities current (including operating lease liabilities - current of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Total Current Liabilities Non-current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - non-current (including operating lease liability non- current of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, none issued Common stock, Class A par value per share; authorized shares, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Common stock, Class B, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total deficit attributable to common shareholders Non-controlling interests Total Deficit Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-1 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenue Sales of products and services Cost of goods and services sold Gross Profit Operating expenses: Employee compensation Occupancy Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Other operating expenses Total Operating Expenses Income (loss) from operations Other Income (Expenses) Loss on obsolescence of inventory Interest expenses Total Other Income (Expenses) Loss before Provision for Income Tax Provision for Income Tax Net loss Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to common stock holders Net loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Comprehensive income (loss) Net loss to the Company Net loss to NCI Foreign currency translation adjustment to the Company Foreign currency translation adjustment to the NCI Total comprehensive income (loss) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other Total Non- Class A Class B paid in Accumulated Comprehensive Company s controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount capital Deficit Income (loss) equity interest Total BALANCE, December 31, 2023 Capital contribution to subsidiary by non-controlling interest - - Transfer of 27 interest in subsidiary (Yubo Jingzhi) to noncontrolling interest - - Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - BALANCE, March 31, 2024 Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2024 - - Capital contribution to subsidiary by non-controlling interest - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - BALANCE, June 30, 2024 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 - - Capital contribution to subsidiary by non-controlling interest - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - BALANCE, September 30, 2024 F-3 Table of Contents Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other Total Non- Class A Class B paid in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount capital Deficit Income (loss) Deficit interest Total BALANCE, December 31, 2022 Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2023 - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - BALANCE, March 31, 2023 Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2023 - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - BALANCE, June 30, 2023 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - BALANCE, September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss on obsolescence of inventory Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Prepaid expense Inventory Due from related parties Lease security deposit Accounts payable and accrued expenses Advances from prospective customers/distributors Due to related parties Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of Equipment Net cash provided in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Capital contribution to subsidiary (EpiAis) by non-controlling interest Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Income taxes paid Interest paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) shares of its Class A common stock to the Selling Stockholders, who were then stockholders of Platinum (the Selling Stockholders ), in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Platinum (the Exchange Transaction ). As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Selling Stockholders acquired more than of the Company s issued and outstanding capital stock, Platinum became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, and the Company acquired the business and operations of Platinum and Yubo Beijing. Immediately prior to the Exchange Transaction, the Company had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Immediately after the Exchange Transaction and the surrender and cancellation of shares held by Lina Liu, the controlling shareholder, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, the Company had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Platinum was incorporated on April 7, 2020 under the laws of the Cayman Islands as a holding company. On May 4, 2020, Platinum incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited Platinum HK in Hong Kong. On September 4, 2020, Platinum HK incorporated a wholly foreign owned enterprise WFOE Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu in Chengdu, China. On September 11, 2020, Yubo Chengdu entered into a series of Variable Interest Entity VIE agreements with the owners of Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited Yubo Beijing ). Pursuant to the VIE agreements, Yubo Beijing became Yubo Chengdu s contractually controlled affiliate. The purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements is to provide Yubo Chengdu with all management control and net profits earned by Yubo Beijing. Yubo Beijing was incorporated on June 14, 2016. For the year ended December 31, 2020 (commencing April 2020), Yubo Beijing sold approximately 850 nebulizers to customers in the People s Republic of China PRC ). In 2021, 2022 and 2023, Yubo Beijing sales also included sales of skincare products, hair care products, healthy beverages, and male and female personal care products. Commencing in the quarterly period ended September 30, 2023, Yubo Beijing started selling health management and health maintenance service agreements to customers. Upon executing the series of VIE agreements in September 2020, Yubo Beijing has been considered a Variable Interest Entity VIE of Yubo Chengdu, its primary beneficiary. Accordingly, Yubo Beijing has been consolidated under the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation. The officers, directors, and controlling beneficial owners of Yubo Beijing from its inception on June 14, 2016 were also officers, directors, and controlling beneficial owners of Platinum. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements include Yubo Beijing s operations from its inception on June 14, 2016. On January 21, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, the Company formed two new wholly owned subsidiaries: Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd. Yubo Jingzhi as a subsidiary of Yubo Beijing and Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd Yubo Global as a subsidiary of Platinum HK. On October 10, 2023, Yubo Beijing acquired a wholly owned subsidiary Phoenix Club Bio-Medical Technology (Chengdu), Co., Ltd. Yubo Phoenix , a company incorporated on April 12, 2021. Prior to October 10, 2023, Yubo Phoenix had minimal business operations. On January 27 2024, the Company acquired a equity interest in EpiAis Biomedical Engineering (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd Yubo Shenzhen ), a company incorporated on January 26, 2024. On September 2, 2024, the Company acquired an additional 19 equity in Yubo Shenzhen, resulting in a total equity ownership of 70 as of September 30, 2024. On February 27, 2024, the Company sold of the subscribed capital of Yubo Jingzhi to an affiliated investor for no consideration. The Company retains ownership of Yubo Jinghzi. Yubo International Biotech Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and VIE are collectively referred to herein as the Company unless specific reference is made to an entity. F-6 Table of Contents Interim Financial Information Principles of Consolidation Incorporated in Platinum International Biotech Co. LTD Platinum Incorporated on A holding company owned by Yubo New York Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited. Platinum HK Incorporated on A holding company owned by Platinum Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu Incorporated on Subscribed capital of A holding company owned by Platinum HK Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited Yubo Beijing Incorporated on Subscribed capital of (RMB 10,000,000) Stem cell storage and bank VIE of Yubo Chengdu WFOE Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (ChengDu) Co. Ltd. Yubo Jingzhi incorporated on owned by Yubo Beijing Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd Yubo Global incorporated on owned by Platinum HK Phoenix Club Bio-Medical Technology (Chengdu) Co., LTD Yubo Phoenix incorporated on . owned by Yubo Beijing EpiAis Biomedical Engineering Co., Ltd. Yubo Shenzhen incorporated on owned by Yubo Beijing F-7 Table of Contents F-8 Table of Contents Receivables (net) Prepaid Expenses Inventory Due from related parties Property and equipment (net) Intangible assets (net) Operating lease right of use asset Lease security deposit Receivables from other consolidated entities (A) Total assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Advances from prospective customers/distributors Due to related parties Operating lease liabilities Payables to other consolidated entities (A) Total liabilities Shareholders equity (A) Eliminated in consolidation. See Note 16 for a condensed consolidating balance sheet of the Company at September 30, 2024 and a condensed consolidating statement of operations of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Foreign Currency Translation RMB for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and RMB for the nine months ended September 30, 2023), assets and liabilities are translated at the current exchange rate at the end of the period RMB at September 30, 2024 and RMB at December 31, 2023), and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are included in determining other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses, which were not significant for the periods presented, are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. F-9 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents Inventories Property and Equipment years Office equipment years Intangible Assets years Patents years Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-10 Table of Contents Leases Revenue Recognition Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Advertising Costs Income Taxes F-11 Table of Contents Net Income (Loss) per Share Comprehensive Income (Loss) New Accounting Pronouncements F-12 Table of Contents and negative working capital of For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had losses of and , respectively. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its operating expenses and seeking third party equity and/or debt financing. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Oral liquid health products Beauty care products Other Total Inventory Total Due from Related Parties (1) Zhenhuikang is controlled by Beijing Zhenxigu Medical Research Center LP Zhenxigu ). Zhenxigu is controlled by Mr. Yulin Cao, a director and significant stockholder of Yubo Beijing. The due from related parties receivable is non-interest bearing and due on demand. F-13 Table of Contents X-Ray equipment Air conditioning equipment Office equipment Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment was and , respectively. Experience center software Patents acquired from related party Wechat application Total intangible assets Less: Accumulated amortization Intangible assets, net F-14 Table of Contents and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization of intangible assets expense was and , respectively. At September 30, 2024, the expected future amortization of intangible assets expense was: Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Thereafter Total square meters of office space in Beijing China. . Effective March 1, 2021, Yubo Global executed a lease agreement with Chengdu Liangkang Investment Co. to rent approximately square meters of laboratory space in Chengdu China. . Also in the fourth quarter of 2022, effective September 1, 2021, Yubo Jingzhi executed a lease agreement with Sichuan Anyi Hengke Tech Co. to rent approximately square meters of laboratory space in the same building in Chengdu China as that relating to the terminated lease discussed in the preceding paragraph. . On April 1, 2024, Yubo Shenzhen signed two leases with Shenzhen Material Group Limited . On August 5, 2024, Yubo Beijing executed a lease agreement with Beijing Bohui Business Management Services Co. Ltd. for office space in Beijing China for a term of two years from August 26, 2024 to August 25, 2026. The . F-15 Table of Contents Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Total The operating lease liabilities totaling at September 30, 2024 as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the discounted (at a estimated incremental borrowing rate) value of the future lease payments of at September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, occupancy expense attributable to leases was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, occupancy expense attributable to leases was and , respectively. Advancer 2 550,000 550,000 Advancer 3 500,000 500,000 Advancer 4 348,000 348,000 Advancer 5 50,000 50,000 Advancer 6 50,000 50,000 Advancer 7 31,012 31,012 Advancer 8 31 31 3,073,791 3,073,791 The related verbal agreements between Yubo Beijing and the eight advancers provide for the eight advancers to purchase inventory from Yubo Beijing or enter into such other arrangements with Yubo Beijing as the parties mutually agree. Pending formal approval of any such arrangements, all of the eight remaining PRC advancers have the right to request the return of their advances. F-16 Table of Contents Mr. Jun Wang (2) Ms. Huang Li (3) Mr. Jin Wei (4) Mr. Yanxi Wang Ms. Xiuqin Xu Ms. Lina Fang Total (1) Mr. Yang Wang controls of the outstanding Class A common stock of Yubo New York and is a director of the Company and Yubo Beijing. (2) Mr. Jun Wang controls of the outstanding Class A common stock of Yubo New York and is the CEO of the Company and Yubo Beijing. (3) Ms. Huang Li is a shareholder of Focus One Technology Group Limited Focus One ). Focus One owns of the issued and outstanding Class A common stock of the Company. (4) Mr. Jin Wei controls of the outstanding Class A commons stock of Yubo New York. The due to related parties payables are noninterest bearing and are due on demand. per share, shares authorized, none issued. Common Stock Class A par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Common Stock Class B par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. On January 14, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock in connection with the acquisition of Platinum, as follows: CHINAONE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) BOAO BIOTECH LIMITED (controlled by Mr. Yulin Cao) FOCUS DRAW GROUP LIMITED (controlled by Ms. Lina Liu) FOCUSONE TECHNOLOGY GROUP LIMITED (controlled by Mr. Jin Wei) DRAGONCLOUD TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (Controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) CHEUNG HO SHUN TOTAL F-17 Table of Contents shares of its Class A Common stock to World Precision Medicine Technology, Inc. World Precision in settlement of a liability due to World Precision. Platinum International Biotech Co., LTD (Cayman Islands) Platinum Platinum has authorized ordinary shares with a par value of per share with shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. On April 7, 2020, Platinum issued a total of ordinary shares to six entities as follows: 2. Chinaone Technology Limited (controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) 3. Boao Biotech Limited (controlled by Mr. Yulin Cao) 4. Dragoncloud Technology Limited (controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) 5. Focus Draw Group Limited (controlled by Ms. Lina Liu) 6. Focusone Technology Group Limited (controlled by Mr. Jin Wei) Total On September 11, 2020, Platinum sold ordinary shares to Mr. Cheung Ho Shun for cash. On January 21, 2021, Yubo New York acquired all ordinary shares of Platinum outstanding. Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu Yubo Chengdu has subscribed capital of which has not yet been paid by its shareholder. The subscribed capital is due for payment on January 1, 2040. Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited Yubo Beijing Yubo Beijing has subscribed capital of (RMB 10,000,000), all of which was paid by its shareholders as of December 31, 2021. Restricted net assets The Company s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on the Company receiving distributions of funds from its subsidiaries or its VIE. Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by Yubo Beijing, Yubo Chengdu, Yubo Jingzhi, Yubo Global, Yubo Phoenix, and Yubo Shenzhen collectively, the PRC subsidiaries and VIE only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations and after it has met the PRC requirements for appropriation to statutory reserves. Paid in capital of the PRC subsidiaries and VIE included in the Company s consolidated net assets are also non-distributable for dividend purposes. The results of operations reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP differ from those reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries and VIE. . The PRC subsidiaries and VIE are required to set aside at least 10 of their after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50 of its registered capital. In addition, the PRC subsidiaries and VIE may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund and a staff bonus and welfare fund at its discretion. The statutory reserve funds and the discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends. F-18 Table of Contents at the current exchange rate at September 30, 2024). As of September 30, 2024, preparation of the stem cell harvesting packages has not yet commenced, no payments to Zhenhuikang have been made, and no expense or liability has been recorded. On May 11, 2021, World Precision Medicine Technology Inc., a company owned and controlled by Cheung Ho Shun, a shareholder of Yubo International Biotech Limited, provided the Company in a working capital loan. On November 24, 2021, April 14, 2022 and September 7, 2022, World Precision Medicine Technology, Inc. provided the Company additional loans of , , and , respectively. The four loans were due on demand and non-interest bearing. In September 2022, the loans owed to World Precision Medicine Technology Inc. were settled by conversion into shares of Class A common stock at per share. See Note 11 Shareholders Equity above. . Platinum HK has had no taxable income or loss from May 4, 2020 (inception) to September 30, 2024. F-19 Table of Contents enterprise income tax rate to both foreign invested enterprises and domestic enterprises. Yubo Chengdu has had no taxable income or loss from September 4, 2020 (inception) to September 30, 2024. Yubo Beijing has had net losses of for the year ended December 31, 2019, for the year ended December 31, 2020, for the year ended December 31, 2021, for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the year ended December 31, 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Yubo Global had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2021, net income of for the year ended December 31, 2022, a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2023, and a net loss of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Yubo Jingzhi had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2021, a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022, a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2023, and a net loss of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Yubo Phoenix had a net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Yubo Shenzhen had a net loss of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These losses can be carried forward for five years to reduce future years taxable income through year 2024 to year 2029. Based on management s present assessment, the Company has not yet determined it to be more likely than not that future utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards will be realized. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The components of deferred tax assets were as follows: Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net The reconciliation of the provisions for (benefits from) income tax by applying the PRC tax rate to income (loss) before provisions for income tax and the actual provisions for income tax is as follows: )) Net loss of Platinum Increase in valuation allowance Other Provision for income taxes Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes The tax authority of the PRC government conducts periodic and ad hoc tax filing reviews on business enterprises operating in the PRC after those enterprises complete their relevant tax filings. Therefore, the Company s PRC entities tax filings results are subject to change and may lead to tax liabilities. ASC 740 requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a more-likely-than-not approach. The management evaluated the Company s tax positions and concluded that no liability for uncertainty in income taxes was necessary as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. F-20 Table of Contents at September 30, 2024). Accordingly, the Company has a concentration of credit risk from time to time relating to the uninsured part of bank deposits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to significant credit risk. Risks of Variable Interest Entity Structure Although the structure the Company has adopted is consistent with longstanding industry practice, and is commonly adopted by comparable companies in China, the PRC government may not agree that these arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including those that govern the Company s contractual arrangements, which could limit the Company s ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. If the Company or its variable interest entity is found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or failures, including levying fines, revoking business and other licenses of the Company s variable interest entity, requiring the Company to discontinue or restrict its operations, restricting its right to collect revenue, requiring the Company to restructure its operations or taking other regulatory or enforcement actions against the Company. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on the Company and on its ability to consolidate the financial results of its variable interest entity in the consolidated financial statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find the Company s legal structure and contractual arrangements to be in violation of PRC laws, rules and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes the Company to lose its right to direct the activities of Yubo Beijing or the right to receive their economic benefits, the Company would no longer be able to consolidate Yubo Beijing. and , respectively, of total sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. F-21 Table of Contents Investment in subsidiaries and variable interest entity (VIE) Intercompany receivables Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Total current liabilities Intercompany payables Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders Deficit: Capital stock and additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-controlling interests Total Deficit Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity A condensed consolidating statement of operations of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: F-22 Table of Contents Cost of goods and services sold Gross profit Total operating expenses 1,415,282 Loss from operations Other income (expense) Equity in net loss of subsidiaries and variable interest entity (VIE) Net Loss F-23 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included under Part I Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited, to those set forth under Part II Other Information Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024. Corporate Overview We are a U.S. holding company primarily operating through our wholly owned subsidiary, Platinum International Biotech Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Platinum ). Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company, which in turn operates in China through its subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity VIE ), Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited, a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China and, through contractual arrangements with us, the Chinese operating company Yubo Beijing ). None of our Company, Platinum, or Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Platinum Platinum HK ), each as a holding company, conducts any day-to-day business operations in China. Yubo Beijing conducts the day-to-day business operations of our Company in China through contractual arrangements with our subsidiaries. Yubo Beijing is a VIE based in China and as such, we do not own any equity interest in Yubo Beijing or any of its subsidiaries. Investors in our Class A common stock currently do not hold, and may never hold, any equity interest, directly or indirectly, in Yubo Beijing or any of its subsidiaries. Yubo Beijing is a technology company focused on the research and development and application of endometrial stem cells. Yubo Beijing is committed to building the first public endometrial stem cell repository in the world. Yubo Beijing offers its products and services under the brand VIVCELL. Yubo Beijing s product offerings include healthcare products for respiratory system, skincare products, hair care products, healthy beverages and male and female personal care products. Yubo Beijing also offers stem cell related services including cell testing and health management consulting services. Our corporate structure involving the VIE provides investors with contractual exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where PRC laws prohibit direct foreign investment in Chinese operating companies in certain industries, such as Yubo Beijing. This structure involves unique risks to investors and is subject to risks relating to our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and its shareholders. Our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing have not been tested in a court of law. If the PRC government finds these contractual arrangements non-compliant with the restrictions on direct foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if the relevant PRC laws, regulations, and rules or the interpretation thereof change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in Yubo Beijing or forfeit our rights under the contractual arrangements. Further, the Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing, which would likely result in a material adverse change in our operations, and, given the resulting inability to consolidate Yubo Beijing s financial results in our consolidated financial statements, in the value of our Class A common stock, which could significantly decline or become worthless. For more information regarding the VIE structure and its associated risks, see The VIE and China Operations below and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024. Key factors affecting our results of operations include revenues, cost of goods sold, operating expenses and income and taxation. The VIE and China Operations We are a U.S. holding company primarily operating through our wholly owned subsidiary, Platinum. Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company, which in turn operates in China through (i) its Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries, including Yubo Global, and the WFOE, in which we hold equity ownership interests, and (ii) Yubo Beijing, a Chinese operating company that conducts the day-to-day business operations in China as described in this Quarterly Report. We do not own any equity interest in Yubo Beijing or Yubo Jingzhi. 6 Table of Contents We manage Yubo Beijing through the WFOE. On September 11, 2020, the WFOE entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and its shareholders, allowing us to exercise effective control over Yubo Beijing. These agreements include: Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement. Pursuant to the Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement, the WFOE agreed to provide, and Yubo Beijing agreed to accept, exclusive management services provided by the WFOE. The Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement was amended in March 2022 for the sole purpose of clarifying the fee structure under such agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, Yubo Beijing agreed to compensate the WFOE, Yubo Chengdu, for its services on an annual basis. Under the amendment, the WFOE is entitled to receive 90 of the after-tax profit from Yubo Beijing annually following the closing of Yubo Beijing s annual accounts. In light of such arrangement, the WFOE is considered a primary beneficiary of benefits that are otherwise potentially significant to Yubo Beijing. The amendment did not change the contractual relationships that we have with Yubo Beijing. Since Yubo Beijing has not generated any after-tax profit to date, Yubo Beijing has not paid any fee to the WFOE to date. Exclusive Option Agreement. Pursuant the Exclusive Option Agreement, the shareholders of Yubo Beijing granted the WFOE an irrevocable and exclusive purchase option to acquire Yubo Beijing s equity and/or assets at a nominal consideration. The WFOE may exercise the purchase option at any time. Equity Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement, the shareholders of Yubo Beijing pledged all of their equity interests in Yubo Beijing, including the proceeds thereof, to guarantee all of the WFOE s rights and benefits under the Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement and the Exclusive Option Agreement. We do not have any equity ownership interest in, direct foreign investment in, or control through such contractual agreements of Yubo Beijing. Given that, pursuant to our contractual agreements with Yubo Beijing, we can (i) exercise certain level of management over Yubo Beijing, (ii) receive substantially all of the economic benefits of Yubo Beijing, and (iii) have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in Yubo Beijing when and to the extent permitted by PRC law, we consolidate Yubo Beijing s financial results in our consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP. The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including the VIE, Yubo Beijing, as of the date of this Quarterly Report. 7 Table of Contents The following diagram illustrates the typical cash flow among our main subsidiaries, the WFOE and Yubo Beijing, the VIE: As of the date of this Quarterly Report, with respect to our securities offering in the United State to foreign investors in the past, under current PRC laws, regulations and rules, we believe that we, our subsidiaries, and Yubo Beijing (i) have not been required to obtain permissions from or complete filings with the CSRC, (ii) have not been required to go through cybersecurity review by the CAC, and (iii) have not received or denied such requisite permissions by the CSRC or the CAC. 8 Table of Contents Furthermore, other than the uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government has significant authority to exert influence on the China operations of an offshore holding company, such as us. Therefore, Yubo Beijing s business faces potential uncertainty from the PRC government s policy. Changes in China s economic, political, or social conditions, or government policies could materially and adversely affect our or Yubo Beijing s business, financial condition, and results of operations , we, our subsidiaries, and Yubo Beijing have obtained all necessary permissions and approvals from the PRC government authorities with respect to the business operations in China, including, among others, the Food Operation License Permit and Medical License Distribution Enterprise Filing Certificate. To our knowledge and the knowledge of our subsidiaries and Yubo Beijing, no permissions or approvals from the applicable PRC government authorities have been denied. Given the uncertainties of interpretation and implementation of relevant laws and regulations and the enforcement practice by relevant government authorities, we, our subsidiaries, or Yubo Beijing may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits, filings, or approvals for our business operations in the future. If we are unable to obtain necessary licenses, permits, filings, or approvals on commercially reasonable terms, in a timely manner or otherwise, we may become subject to sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties, proceedings against it, and other forms of sanctions. As a result, we, our subsidiaries, and Yubo Beijing s ability to conduct business, invest into China as foreign investment or accept foreign investment, complete any future offering, or list on a U.S. or other overseas exchange may be restricted, and our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see Regulatory Developments below. Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in China We and Yubo Beijing face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties relating to doing substantially all of the day-to-day business operations in China. We operate our business primarily in China through contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing, which is subject to complex and evolving PRC laws and regulations. Therefore, investors in our Class A common stock face potential uncertainty from the PRC government. Changes in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could materially adversely affect Yubo Beijing s business and results of operations. For example, Yubo Beijing faces risks associated with regulatory approvals on offshore offerings, antimonopoly regulatory actions, and oversight on cybersecurity and data privacy, which may impact Yubo Beijing s ability to conduct certain businesses or accept foreign investments, or ability of list or offer securities on a U.S. stock exchange. These risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our securities, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors, or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. The PRC government also has significant authority to intervene or influence the China operations of an offshore holding company, such as ours, at any time. Recently, the PRC government is enhancing supervision over companies seeking listings overseas and some specific business or activities such as the use of variable interest entities and data security or anti-monopoly. It may exert more oversight and control over offerings conducted overseas by, and/or foreign investment in, China-based companies, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors. Furthermore, the PRC government may adopt new measures that may affect Yubo Beijing s operations, or exert more oversight and control over offerings conducted outside of China and foreign investment in China-based companies, and we may be subject to challenges brought by these new laws, regulations and policies. These legal and operational risks, together with uncertainties in the PRC legal system and the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, regulations and policies, could hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, result in a material adverse change to Yubo Beijing s business operations, and damage Yubo Beijing s reputation, each of which could cause our Class A common stock to significantly decline in value or become worthless. For a detailed description of risks related to doing business in China, please refer to risks disclosed under Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024. Enforceability of Civil Liabilities All of our executive officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer and director, Mr. Yang Wang, our President and director, Mr. Jun Wang, our Chief Financial Officer and director, Ms. Lina Liu, and our director, Mr. Zhihui Bai, are residents of China, and almost all of their assets are located in China. As such, there is doubt as to the enforceability in China, either in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, of civil liabilities predicated solely on the federal securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of any state of the United States on us or our directors and executive officers. Shareholder claims that are common in the United States, including securities law class actions and fraud claims, generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States has not been efficient in the absence of a mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. 9 Table of Contents Efforts by shareholders to obtain recourse against our management in U.S. courts will likely also be unavailing. It will be difficult for the shareholders to effect service of process upon members of our management who reside in China. In general, Chinese authorities will not assist in performing the service. China does not have treaties with the United States providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in China will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security, or public interest. Therefore, even if a shareholder were successful in obtaining judgment against our officer or director in a U.S. court, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in the U.S. in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible to obtain. The OTCQB Venture Market On April 24, 2023, shares of our Class A common stock began being quoted on The OTCQB Venture Market under the symbol YBGJ . Regulatory Developments Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCA Act states that if the SEC determines that an issuer s audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm have not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such issuer s securities from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which was signed into law on December 29, 2022. the AHFCAA amended the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three years. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as a Commission-Identified Issuer (as defined in the final rules) under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC, and the SEC could prohibit the trading of our securities on national securities exchanges if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer. Under the HFCA Act, our securities may be prohibited from trading on the Nasdaq or other U.S. stock exchanges if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our shares being delisted. On December 16, 2021, PCAOB announced the PCAOB Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the 2021 PCAOB Determinations relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. 10 Table of Contents On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced in the 2022 Determination its determination that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, and the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations to the contrary. Should the PCAOB again encounter impediments to inspections and investigations in mainland China or Hong Kong as a result of positions taken by any authority in either jurisdiction, including by the CSRC or the MOF, the PCAOB will make determinations under the HFCAA as and when appropriate. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, Michael T. Studer CPA P.C., our independent registered public accounting firm, is headquartered in Freeport, New York, and as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis and it is not included in the determination letter issued by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. Although our auditor is headquartered in the United States, we cannot assure you whether OTC Markets or regulatory authorities would not in the future apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach, or experience as it relates to our audit. If it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction or any other reasons, the lack of inspection could cause the trading in our securities to be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, and as a result OTC Markets may delist or suspend the trading of our Class A common stock. If our Class A common stock is unable to be listed on another securities exchange, such a delisting or suspension would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our Class A common stock. Cybersecurity Review Measures On December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China CAC published the revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review CRM ), which further restates and expands the applicable scope of the cybersecurity review. The revised CRM took effect on February 15, 2022. Pursuant to the revised CRM, if a network platform operator holding personal information of over one million users seeks for foreign listing, it must apply for the cybersecurity review, and operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services are also obligated to apply for the cybersecurity review for such purchasing activities. Although the CRM provides no further explanation on the extent of network platform operator and foreign listing, we do not believe we are obligated to apply for a cybersecurity review pursuant to the revised CRM, considering that (i) we are not in possession of or otherwise holding personal information of over one million users and it is also very unlikely that we will reach such threshold in the near future; and (ii) as of the date of this Quarterly Report, we have not received any notice or determination from applicable PRC governmental authorities identifying it as a CIIO or requiring us to go through cybersecurity review or similar government reviews. That being said, considering that the revised CRM empowers the cybersecurity review office to initiate cybersecurity review when they believe any particular data processing activities affect or may affect national security , and that the revised CRM is new, it is uncertain whether the competent government authorities will deem that Yubo Beijing s data processing activities may affect national security and thus initiating the cybersecurity review against Yubo Beijing s businesses, and whether the competent government authorities, including the CAC, will adopt new laws, regulations or rules related to the revised CRM subjecting Yubo Beijing or its business to the cybersecurity review. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will not be subject to the cybersecurity review in the future. If a cybersecurity review is determined to apply to us in the future, we may be required to suspend our operations or experience other disruptions to our operations. Cybersecurity review could also result in negative publicity with respect to our Company and diversion of our managerial and financial resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure of cybersecurity, data privacy and data security compliance which may be identified during any of such cybersecurity review could subject Yubo Beijing to penalties, damage its reputation and brand, and harm its business and results of operations. 11 Table of Contents Furthermore, on August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the PRC Personal Information Protection Law (the PIPL ), which took effect in November 2021. The PIPL provides that any entity involving processing of personal information (the PI Handler shall take various measures to prevent the disclosure, modification or losing of the personal information processed by such entity, including, but not limited to, formulating a related internal management system and standard of operation, conducting classified management of personal information, taking safety technology measures to encrypt and de-identify the processed personal information, providing regular safety training and education for staff and formulating a personal information safety emergency accident plan. The PIPL further provides that a PI Handler shall conduct a prior evaluation of the impact of personal information protection before the occurrence of various situations, including, but not limited to, processing of sensitive personal information (personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, may lead to discrimination against an individual or serious harm to an individual s personal or property safety, including information on an individual s ethnicity, religious beliefs, personal biological characteristics, medical health, financial accounts, personal whereabouts), using personal information to make automated decisions and providing personal information to any overseas entity. Notably, in case of cross-border transfer of personal information, the PIPL requires the PI Handler to either (i) complete a mandatory security assessment by CAC, (ii) complete the personal information protection certification (the PIPC by a certification institution designated by the CAC, or (iii) conclude a standard contract provided by CAC with the foreign recipients. On July 7, 2022, the CAC promogulated the Outbound Data Transfer Security Assessment Measures (the Measures ), which became effective on September 1, 2022. According to the Measures, a PI Handler should declare a mandatory security assessment for its outbound data transfer to the CAC through the local provincial cyberspace administration under the following circumstances (i) where such PI Handler provides critical data outside the territory of the PRC, (ii) where the PI Handler being a CIIO or processing the personal information of more than one million individuals provides personal information outside the territory of the PRC, (iii) where a PI Handler has provided personal information of 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information of 10,000 individuals in total outside the territory of the PRC since January 1 of the previous year; or (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC for which declaration for security assessment for cross-border data transfers is required. On November 4, 2022, the CAC and the State Administration for Market Regulation (the SAMR jointly issued the Notification on the Implementation of Personal Information Protection Certification, formally initiating the mechanism of PIPC. In parallel, on December 16, 2022, the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee released an updated version of the Guidance on Network Security Standardized Practice Specification for Certification of Personal Information Cross-Border Processing Activities, which provides the general principles and detailed requirements for cross-border PIPC. On February 22, 2023, the CAC published the Measures for the Standard Contract for Cross-Border Transfer of Personal Information, along with the final version of the standard contract for the cross-border transfer of personal information outside of mainland China (the PRC Standard Contract ), which will be effective on June 1, 2023. A PI Handler may choose either (i) to complete a PIPC, or (ii) to conclude a PRC Standard Contract with a foreign recipient and provide it along with other required materials to relevant governmental authorities for filing to ensure the legality of a cross-border transfer of personal information, as long as not falling into the circumstances required for a mandatory security assessment as mentioned above. On March 22, 2024, the CAC published the Provisions on Promoting and Regulating the Cross-border Flow of Data (the New Provisions which took immediate effect on March 22, 2024. Under the New Provisions, the security assessment is required when (i) the PI Handler is a CIIO, (ii) the PI Handler is transferring any critical data, or (iii) the PI Handler (and provided that such PI Handler is not a CIIO) is, in any given year starting from January 1, exporting personal data of at least 1 million individuals or sensitive personal data of at least 10,000 individual. The New Provisions also exempt the PI Handlers from the security assessment in certain outbound data transfer scenarios such as human resource management, contract fulfillment and emergency situations, etc. 12 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing s business involves the processing of personal information of customers using Yubo Beijing s healthcare products and receiving Yubo Beijing s services, which may be deemed as sensitive personal information. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, (i) Yubo Beijing is not in possession of or otherwise holding personal information of over one million users and it is also highly unlikely that Yubo Beijing will reach such threshold in the near future, and (ii) Yubo Beijing has not received any notice or determination from the CAC or other applicable PRC governmental authorities identifying it as a CIIO or requiring it to go through cybersecurity review or similar government reviews, and as such, based on its understanding of current PRC laws and regulations, we believe that Yubo Beijing is currently not subject to the cybersecurity review. Considering that (i) as of the date of this Quarterly Report, Yubo Beijing has not received any notice or determination from the CAC or other applicable PRC governmental authorities identifying Yubo Beijing as a CIIO, (ii) as of the date of this Quarterly Report, no data processed by Yubo Beijing has been notified by relevant authorities or regions, or publicly announced as important data , and (iii) during each fiscal year 2021, 2022, 2023 and since January 1, 2024, Yubo Beijing has not provided personal information of one million individuals or sensitive personal information of 100,000 individuals outbound accumulatively, based on its understanding of current PRC laws and regulations, we believe that Yubo Beijing is currently not subject to such security assessment by the CAC. Further, the New Provisions provide safe harbor rules for certain scenarios of cross-border data transfer, exempting the data exporter from passing security assessment and entering into China standard contractual clauses (China SCCs), including (1) transfer of non-sensitive personal data of less than 100,000 individuals in any given year starting from January 1 (and provided that the controller is not a CIIO), (2) transfer of employee data necessary for HR administration according to collective labor contract or employment policy adopted according to law, (3) transfer of personal data necessary for performing a contract with the said individual including for cross-border commerce, money remittance, opening bank accounts, air and commendation booking, visa and exam services, etc., and (4) transfer of personal data necessary for protecting human life and property security in emergent cases. Since (i) Yubo Beijing has not provided any personal data collected and gathered in its business outside the territory of China, and (ii) we do not have the access to the personal data gathered by Yubo Beijing, based on its understanding of current PRC laws and regulations, we believe that Yubo Beijing is currently not subject to the PRC regulations and policies issued by the CAC with respect to cross-border transfer of personal data gathered in China. However, given that the national security legal framework imposes stricter data localization and protection requirements on personal information and human health-related data in recent years, we might need to maintain the data and personal information collected and generated in our business in mainland China, enter into standard contracts with the overseas recipients of any personal information processed by us (if any), conduct self-assessments, undergo security assessments, or even obtain the requisite approvals from the Chinese government if the transmission of such information and data outside of mainland China is needed, which could significantly increase our operating costs or cause delays or disruptions in our business operations. Furthermore, if Yubo Beijing does not take measures to review and improve its mechanisms in protecting personal information, failure of personal information protection compliance could subject Yubo Beijing to penalties, damage its reputation and brand and harm its business and results of operations. Permission, Review and Filing Required from the Authorities in Mainland China Relating to Overseas Offering The PRC government has recently sought to exert more oversight and control and impose more restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore and such efforts may continue or intensify in the future. On July 6, 2021, PRC authorities promulgated the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities, which emphasized the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by mainland China-based companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the establishment of regulatory systems, are to be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of mainland China-based overseas-listed companies, cybersecurity and data privacy protection requirements and similar matters. See Cybersecurity Review Measure above. Further, according to the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, and five supporting guidelines, issued by CSRC on February 17, 2023 (the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and these guidelines collectively, the Overseas Listing Filing Rules ), the Notice on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies published by CSRC on February 17, 2023, or the Notice on the Overseas Listing Filing, and the set of Q A published on CSRC s official website, as an issuer which is already listed, Yubo Beijing would be required to make a filing in accordance with the Overseas Listing Filing Rules if: (i) it issues additional convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds or preferred shares, (ii) it issues additional securities in the same overseas market, excluding securities issued for the purpose of implementing equity incentive, distribution of stock dividends, share split, etc., (iii) it issues additional securities in several offerings within its authorized scope or (iv) it conducts a secondary listing or primary listing in any other overseas market. The reporting entity will also be required to report the occurrence of any of the following material events within three business days after the occurrence and announcement thereof to CSRC: (a) a change of control of the issuer (b) the investigation, sanction or other measures undertaken by any foreign securities regulatory agencies or competent authorities in respect of the issuer (c) change of the listing status or transfer of the listing board and (d) the voluntary or mandatory delisting of the issuer. In addition, the completion of any overseas follow-on offerings by an issuer in the same overseas market where it has completed its public offering and listing would necessitate a filing with CSRC within three business days thereafter. 13 Table of Contents As of the date of this report, Yubo Beijing has not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated by CAC, and Yubo Beijing has not received any official inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions regarding cybersecurity and overseas listing from CAC, CSRC or any other PRC authorities. However, given (i) the uncertainties with respect to the enactment, implementation, and interpretation of the Overseas Listing Filing Rules and laws and regulations relating to data security, privacy, and cybersecurity, and (ii) that the PRC government authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions in general, there can be no assurance that PRC government authorities will not take a contrary position or adopt different interpretations, or that there will not be changes in the regulatory landscape. Consequently, a cybersecurity review and the approval from or filing with CSRC, CAC, or other government authorities may be required in connection with offering of our securities in the future. If (a) Yubo Beijing does not receive or maintain any required permission, or fails to complete any required review or filing, (b) Yubo Beijing inadvertently concludes that such permission, review or filing is not required, or (c) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change such that it becomes mandatory for Yubo Beijing to obtain any permission, review or filing in the future, Yubo Beijing may have to expend significant time and costs to comply with these requirements. If Yubo Beijing is unable to do so, on commercially reasonable terms, in a timely manner or otherwise, it may become subject to sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties, proceedings against it, and other forms of sanctions, and Yubo Beijing s ability to conduct its business, invest into China as foreign investments or accept foreign investments, complete any future offering, or list on a U.S. or other overseas exchange may be restricted, and its business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Further, Yubo Beijing s ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors may be significantly limited or completely hindered, and the value of our Class A common stock may significantly decline or become worthless. Other To operate its business activities in China, Yubo Beijing is required to obtain the following licenses and approvals. Yubo Beijing has obtained such licenses and approvals, and, to date, no application for any such licenses and approvals has been denied. Licenses and Approvals PRC Regulatory Authority Food Operation License Permit Xicheng District Market Supervision and Administration Office of Beijing Municipality Medical License Distribution Enterprise Filing Certificate Xicheng District Market Supervision and Administration Office of Beijing Municipality Major Customers Yubo Beijing has historically generated most of its revenue from a limited number of customers. Two customers accounted for approximately 14.8 and 14.8 , respectively, of Yubo Beijing s total sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at room 105, building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC 100034. Our telephone number is +86 (040) 0677-6010. Our website address is http://www.yubogroup.com/. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Quarterly Report. You should not consider any information on our website to be part of this Quarterly Report or in decides whether to purchase our securities. We have included our website address in this Quarterly Report solely for informational purposes. 14 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Principles This section discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses, financing operations, and contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements include estimates as to the appropriate carrying value of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources. We consider certain accounting policies related to fair value measurements and earnings per share to be critical accounting policies that require the use of significant judgments and estimates relating to matters that are inherently uncertain and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02) Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. For more information, see Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. We do not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, statements of operations or cash flows. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023, and for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Sales, Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit Our sales decreased to nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 428,510 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily because no sales were made during the three months end September 30, 2024. Our cost of goods sold decreased to nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 84,428 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily because no sales were made during the three months end September 30, 2024. As a result, our gross profit decreased from 344,082 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Our sales decreased to 3,488 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 582,390 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreases in the sales of health management and health maintenance services. Our cost of goods sold decreased to 827 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 181,267 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreases in the sales of health management and health maintenance services and health products. As a result, our gross profit decreased from 401,123 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 2,661 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 15 Table of Contents Operating Expenses Our operating expenses increased to 532,764 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 337,659 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of increases in occupancy and employee compensation expenses. Our operating expenses increased to 1,415,282 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 1,078,508 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of increases in occupancy and employee compensation. Income (Loss) from Operations Our loss from operations was (532,764) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to income from operation 6,423 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in income from operations was primarily due to increase in operating expense. Our loss from operations was (1,415,282) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to (683,808) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in loss from operations was primarily due to increase in operating expenses and decrease in gross profit. Other Income (Expense) Our other income (expense) was (88,289) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to (130) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a write off on obsolete inventory during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Our other income (expense) was (216,285) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to (316) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a write off on obsolete inventory during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net Loss Our net loss was 621,053 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 6,293 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increase in operating expenses. Our net loss was 1,628,906 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to (677,701) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increase in operating expenses and decrease in gross profit. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and equivalents on hand of 8,034 and a negative working capital of 3,765,630. Generally, the primary sources of our funds have been cash from operations, loans from our shareholders and capital contributions. We believe that our cash on hand and working capital will be sufficient to meet our and Yubo Beijing s anticipated cash requirements through 2024. We intend to continue working toward identifying and obtaining new sources of financing and we intend to raise additional capital in the fourth quarter of 2024. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in obtaining additional financing in the future. Any future financing that we may obtain may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. Any debt financing or other financing of securities senior to common stock that we are able to obtain will likely include financial and other covenants that will restrict our flexibility. Any failure to comply with these covenants would have a negative impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate portions of Yubo Beijing s operations, cease operations or obtain funds through arrangements with strategic partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our assets. Accordingly, the inability to obtain such financing could result in a significant loss of ownership and/or control of our assets and could also adversely affect our ability to fund Yubo Beijing s continued operations and the expansion efforts. 16 Table of Contents We expect to incur significant legal and accounting costs in connection with being a public company. We expect those fees will be significant and will continue to impact our liquidity. Those fees will be higher as our business volume and activity increases. Cash Flows Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash used in operating activities was (405,018) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of (180,618) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increase in net loss. Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by investing activities was 118,431 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities was nil for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to proceeds from sale of equipment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 297,760 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of nil for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to capital contribution to a subsidiary by non-controlling interest during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Current Liabilities As of September 30, 2024, Yubo Beijing received an aggregate amount of 434,151 from eight PRC entities. The related verbal agreements provide for the eight entities to purchase inventory from Yubo Beijing or enter into such other arrangements with Yubo Beijing as the parties mutually agree. Pending formal approval of any such arrangements, all of the eight PRC entities have the right to request the return of their advances. Shareholder Loans As of September 30, 2024, we had payables due to Mr. Jun Wang, our President and a director, in the amount of 2,151,224, to Mr. Yang Wang, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, in the amount of 450,897, to Mr. Huang Li, our indirect shareholder, in the amount of 55,613, and to Mr. Jin Wei, our shareholder, in the amount of 30,000. All of our shareholder loans are due on demand and non-interest bearing. See Note 10: Due to Related Parties to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Going concern The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included an explanatory note referring to our recurring operating losses and expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. To date, we have not yet established an ongoing source of revenues and cash flows sufficient to cover our operating costs and allow us to continue as a going concern. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had net losses of 621,053 and 1,628,906, respectively. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 17 Table of Contents Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time and raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amount and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholder s equity or that are not reflected in its consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures . Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report (the Evaluation Date ), to ensure that information that we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within any company have been detected. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 18 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings . We are currently not a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings. Item 1A. Risk Factors . You should carefully consider the factors discussed below and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 12, 2024, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. The risks described below and in our annual report are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. We currently conduct our business primarily through contractually arrangements with the PRC operating entity, and our management of the day-to-day business operations of such PRC entity pursuant to contracts, to comply with Chinese law, may not be as effective as conducting business through direct equity ownership of such PRC entity due to uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system which could materially and adversely affect our results of operation. Changes in PRC laws and regulations or the policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on our business and operation. We could be adversely affected by uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system. Rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice. In addition, the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations involve additional uncertainties. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. Moreover, the PRC government has significant authority to exert influence on the ability of a China-based company, like us, to conduct its business, accept foreign investments or be listed on a U.S. stock exchange. For example, we face risks associated with recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government, including those related to regulatory approvals of offshore securities offerings, anti-monopoly regulatory investigations and actions, cybersecurity, and data privacy compliance; also, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight over overseas securities offerings and published a series of laws and regulations to regulate such transactions. If the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), the Cyberspace Administration of China CAC or other competent PRC regulatory authorities determine that prior approval is required for any of our offerings of securities overseas or the operation of our business, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain such approval in a timely manner, or at all. The CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies may also take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, not to proceed with such activities. If we proceed with any of such activities without obtaining the CSRC s, CAC s or other PRC regulatory agencies approval to the extent it is required, or if we are unable to comply with any new regulatory requirements, we may face regulatory actions or other sanctions from the CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China or accept foreign investments, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from offering of securities overseas into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our stock. The PRC government may also intervene with or influence our operations as it deems appropriate to further regulatory, political, and societal goals. The PRC government has recently published new policies that affected various industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding our industry that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we believe that our business operations comply with relevant PRC laws and regulations currently in force in all material respects, we cannot guarantee that new rules or regulations promulgated in the future will not impose any additional requirement on us or otherwise tighten the regulations on companies like us. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 19 Table of Contents The approval of the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required in connection with future offshore offering under PRC law, and, if so required, we cannot predict whether or for how long Yubo Beijing will be able to obtain such approval. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining such approval for an offshore offering would subject Yubo Beijing to sanctions imposed by the CSRC or other PRC government authorities. The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six different PRC regulatory authorities in 2006 and amended in 2009, purports to require offshore special purpose vehicles that are controlled by PRC companies or individuals and that have been formed for the purpose of seeking a public listing on an overseas stock exchange through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies or assets to obtain an approval of CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange. The interpretation and application of the regulations remain unclear, and any of our offshore offerings in the future may ultimately require approval from CSRC. If CSRC approval is required, it is uncertain whether Yubo Beijing are able to and how long it will take for Yubo Beijing to obtain such approval, and, even if we obtain such CSRC approval, the approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or any delay in obtaining CSRC approval for any future offshore offering, or a rescission of such approval may subject Yubo Beijing to sanctions imposed by CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties on our operations in China, restrictions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends outside of China, and other forms of sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The PRC government has recently sought to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas or foreign investment in China-based issuers. The Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities, among others, emphasizes the need to strengthen cross-border regulatory cooperation and the administration and supervision of China-based issuers, and to establish a comprehensive regulatory system for the application of PRC capital market laws and regulations outside China. On February 17, 2023, CSRC promulgated the Overseas Listing Filing Rules, which became effective on March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing Filing Rules, the offering or listing of shares, depository receipts, convertible corporate bonds, or other equity-like securities by a PRC domestic company in an overseas stock market, whether directly or indirectly through an offshore holding company, should be filed with CSRC. If a PRC domestic company intends to complete a direct or indirect overseas (i) initial public offering and listing, or (ii) listing of shares in the name of an overseas enterprise on the basis of the equity, assets, income or other similar rights of the PRC domestic company through a single or multiple acquisitions, share swaps, shares transfers or other means, the issuer (if the issuer is a PRC domestic company) or its designated major PRC domestic operating entity (if the issuer is an offshore holding company), in each applicable event, the reporting entity, shall complete the filing procedures with CSRC within three business days after the issuer submits its application documents relating to the initial public offering and/or listing or after the first public announcement of the transaction (if the submission of application documents is not required). The determination of whether any offering or listing is indirect will be made on a substance over form basis. An offering or listing of an issuer will be considered as an overseas indirect offering or listing by PRC domestic companies if both of the following conditions are met with respect to such issuer: (i) the revenues, profit, total assets, or net assets of PRC domestic companies in the most recent fiscal year constitute more than 50 of the line item in the issuer s audited consolidated and combined financial statements for that year and (ii) the majority of the senior management personnel responsible for its business operations and management are PRC citizens or have their ordinary residence in China, or if its main place of business is in China or if its business operation is primarily conducted in China. In addition, according to the Overseas Listing Filing Rules and a set of Q A published on CSRC s official website in connection with the release of the Overseas Listing Filing Rules, if it is explicitly required (in the form of institutional rules) by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the industry and field that regulatory procedures should be performed prior to the overseas listing of a PRC domestic company, such company must obtain the regulatory opinion, approval and other documents from and complete any required filing with such competent authority before submitting a CSRC filing. The reporting entity shall make a timely report to CSRC and update its CSRC filing within three business days after the occurrence of any of the following material events, if any of them occurs after obtaining its CSRC filing and before the completion of the offering and/or listing: (i) any material change to principal business, licenses or qualifications of the issuer (ii) a change of control of the issuer or any material change to equity structure of the issuer and (iii) any material change to the offering and listing plan. Once listed overseas, the reporting entity will be further required to report the occurrence of any of the following material events within three business days after the occurrence and announcement thereof to CSRC: (i) a change of control of the issuer (ii) the investigation, sanction or other measures undertaken by any foreign securities regulatory agencies or competent authorities in respect of the issuer (iii) change of the listing status or transfer of the listing board and (iv) the voluntary or mandatory delisting of the issuer. In addition, the completion of any overseas follow-on offerings by an issuer in the same overseas market where it has completed its public offering and listing would necessitate a filing with CSRC within three business days thereafter. Failure to comply with the applicable filing requirements may result in fines being imposed on the PRC domestic companies and their controlling shareholders and other responsible person. 20 Table of Contents Based on the Notice on the Overseas Listing Filing, and the set of Q A which are in connection with the release of the Oversea Listing Filing Rules, CSRC clarifies that (i) on or prior to the effective date of the Overseas Listing Filing Rules (i.e., March 31, 2023), domestic companies that have already submitted valid applications for overseas offering and listing but have not obtained approval from overseas regulatory authorities or stock exchanges may reasonably arrange the timing for submitting their filing applications with CSRC, and must complete the filing before the completion of their overseas offering and listing (ii) a transition period until September 30, 2023 will be granted to domestic companies which have already obtained the approval from overseas regulatory authorities or stock exchanges but have not completed the indirect overseas listing prior to the effective date of the Overseas Listing Filing Rules if domestic companies fail to complete the overseas listing prior to September 30, 2023, they shall file with CSRC according to the requirements. Further, according to the Overseas Listing Filing Rules, for an issuer which is already listed, it should make filing in accordance with the Overseas Listing Filing Rules if: (i) it issues additional convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds or preferred shares, (ii) it issues additional securities in the same overseas market, excluding securities issued for the purpose of implementing equity incentive, distribution of stock dividends, share split, etc., (iii) it issues additional securities in several offerings within its authorized scope or (iv) it conducts a secondary listing or primary listing in any other overseas market. The reporting entity will also be required to report the occurrence of any of the following material events within three business days after the occurrence and announcement thereof to CSRC: (i) a change of control of the issuer (ii) the investigation, sanction or other measures undertaken by any foreign securities regulatory agencies or competent authorities in respect of the issuer (iii) change of the listing status or transfer of the listing board and (iv) the voluntary or mandatory delisting of the issuer. In addition, the completion of any overseas follow-on offerings by an issuer in the same overseas market where it has completed its public offering and listing would necessitate a filing with CSRC within three business days thereafter. Given that (i) the previous offer and sale of shares of our Class A common stock have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-255805), which was declared effective by the Commission on July 29, 2022, and (ii) as of the date of this Quarterly Report, we have not conducted any additional equity offerings to raise funds, based on its understanding of current PRC laws and regulations, we believe that we, our subsidiaries, and Yubo Beijing are not required to obtain permissions from the CSRC with respect to the operation of their businesses and the previous offering of our Class A common stock to the investors. However, we and our investors would be adversely affected if (i) we or our subsidiaries, including the VIEs were required to receive or maintain such permissions or approvals from the CSRC, CAC, or other PRC regulatory agencies and did not do so, (ii) if we inadvertently concluded that such approvals are not required, or (iii) if applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we become required to obtain approval in the future. For example, if it is determined in the future that the approval of the CSRC, CAC or any other regulatory authority is required for any offshore offering in the future, we may face sanctions by the CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies. These regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from such future offering into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price and/or listing of our securities. Any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such an approval requirement could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds . None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of our Company adopted, modified or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 21 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended (1) 3.2 Bylaws of Registrant (1) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.ins XBRL Instance Document 101.sch XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document 101.cal XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Document 101.def XBRL Taxonomy Linkbase Document 101.lab XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.pre XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document ____________________ (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 14, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference. 22 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Yang Wang Yang Wang Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Lina Liu Lina Liu Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 yubo_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Yang Wang, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yubo International Biotech Limited; 2. Based on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Yang Wang Yang Wang, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 yubo_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Lina Liu, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yubo International Biotech Limited; 2. Based on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Lina Liu Lina Liu, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 yubo_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yubo International Biotech Limited for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Yubo International Biotech Limited. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Yang Wang Name: Yang Wang Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 yubo_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yubo International Biotech Limited for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Yubo International Biotech Limited. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Lina Liu Name: Lina Liu Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 yubo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 yubo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 yubo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 yubo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

