<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1563190_0001563190-24-000178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6391680</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124974</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1194350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1989433</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1639925</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1342277</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001563190-24-000178.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101070240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001563190-24-000178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Compass, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				300751604
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40291
		FILM NUMBER:		241417024

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-913-9058

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Urban Compass, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001563190-24-000178.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 comp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

comp-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 ___________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 ___________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ___________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 ___________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Compass, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 40 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Securities 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which we refer to as this Quarterly Report, to Compass, Company, our, us, and we and similar references refer to Compass, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors using our investor relations page on our website (www.compass.com), filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, webcasts, press releases and conference calls. We use these mediums, including our website, to communicate with our stockholders and the public about our company, our product candidates and other matters. It is possible that the information we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our website. 
 From time to time, we intend to announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, the investor relations page on our website (www.compass.com), press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts, our X (formerly Twitter) feed (@Compass), our Facebook page, our LinkedIn page, our Instagram account, our YouTube channel, Robert Reffkin s X feed (@RobReffkin) and Robert Reffkin s Instagram account (@robreffkin). We use these mediums, including our website, to communicate with our stockholders and the public about our company and other matters. It is possible that the information that we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our website and all other streaming tools. Further, corporate governance information, including our governance guidelines, board committee charters and code of ethics, is also available on our investor relations page on our website under the heading Governance. 
 Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. 
 The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website referenced in this Quarterly Report is not incorporated by reference into this filing, and the website address is provided only as an inactive textual reference. 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the federal Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements contained in this Quarterly Report, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth, and our objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Words such as believes, may, will, estimates, potential, continues, expects, could, would, plans, targets, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 General economic conditions, economic and industry downturns, the health of the U.S. real estate industry, and risks generally incident to the ownership of residential real estate; 
 The effect of monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies; 
 High interest rates; 
 Ongoing industry antitrust class action litigation (including the Antitrust Lawsuits filed against us) or any related regulatory activities; 
 Any decreases in our gross commission income or the percentage of commissions that we collect; 
 Low home inventory levels; 
 Our ability to carefully manage our expense structure; 
 Adverse economic, real estate or business conditions in geographic areas where our business is concentrated and/or impacting high-end markets; 
 Our ability to continuously innovate, improve and expand our platform, including tools and features integrating machine learning and artificial intelligence, or AI; 
 Our ability to expand our operations and to offer additional integrated services; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to realize the expected benefits from joint ventures; 
 Our ability to compete successfully; 
 Our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel and to recruit agents; 
 Our ability to re-accelerate our business growth given our current expense structure; 
 Use of cash to satisfy tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with settlements of RSU awards; 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly results and other operating metrics; 
 The loss of one or more of our key personnel; 
 Actions by our agents or employees that could adversely affect our reputation and subject us to liability; 
 Our ability to pursue acquisitions that are successful and can be integrated into our existing operations; 
 Changes in mortgage underwriting standards; 
 Our ability to maintain or establish relationships with third-party service providers; 
 The impact of cybersecurity incidents and the potential loss of critical and confidential information; 
 The reliability of our fraud detection processes and information security systems; 
 Depository banks not honoring our escrow and trust deposits; 
 Adoption of alternatives to full-service agents by consumers; 
 Our ability to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting; 
 Covenants in our debt agreements that may restrict our borrowing capacity or operating activities; 
 Our ability to use net operating losses and other tax attributes; 
 Changes in, and our reliance on, accounting standards, assumptions, estimates and business data; 
 The dependability of our platform and software; 
 Our ability to maintain our company culture; 
 Our ability to obtain or maintain adequate insurance coverage; 
 Processing, storage, and use of personal information and other data, and compliance with privacy laws and regulations; 
 Natural disasters and catastrophic events; 
 The effect of the claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings; 
 Changes in federal or state laws that would require our agents to be classified as employees; 
 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations and changes to applicable laws and regulations; 
 Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and our reliance on the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 The impact of having a multi-class structure of common stock; and 
 Other factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections as of the date of this filing about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this filing and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, which we refer to as our 2023 Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this filing, our 2023 Form 10-K and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC that disclose risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and circumstances discussed in this filing may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 You should completely read this filing and the documents that we reference herein and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Quarterly Report with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report are made as of the date of this filing, and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim any duty, to update such statements for any reason after the date of this filing or to conform statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Compass, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share and per share data, unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Compass Concierge receivables, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Commissions payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current lease liabilities Concierge credit facility Total current liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Compass, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Compass, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 In millions, except share and per share data, unaudited 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating expenses: Commissions and other related expense Sales and marketing Operations and support Research and development General and administrative Restructuring costs Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Investment income, net Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes and equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Compass, Inc., basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Compass, Inc., basic and diluted 
 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Compass, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In millions, except share amounts, unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Compass, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount For the three months ended September 30, 2024: Balances at June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon settlement of RSUs, net of taxes withheld ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock-based compensation Balances at September 30, 2024 ) For the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Balances at June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon settlement of RSUs, net of taxes withheld ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock in connection with the Strategic Transaction Stock-based compensation Other activity related to non-controlling interests ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Compass, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In millions, except share amounts, unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total Compass, Inc. Stockholders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Balances at December 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon settlement of RSUs, net of taxes withheld ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock-based compensation Balances at September 30, 2024 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Balances at December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon settlement of RSUs, net of taxes withheld ) ) ) Vesting of early exercised stock options Issuance of common stock in connection with the 2022 Agent Equity Program Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock in connection with the Strategic Transaction Stock-based compensation Other activity related to non-controlling interests ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Compass, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions, unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Equity in loss of unconsolidated entity Change in acquisition related contingent consideration Bad debt expense ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Compass Concierge receivables ) Other current assets Other non-current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities ) Accounts payable ) ) Commissions payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Investment in unconsolidated entity ) Capital expenditures ) ) Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from drawdowns on Concierge credit facility Repayments of drawdowns on Concierge credit facility ) ) Proceeds from drawdowns on Revolving credit facility Repayments of drawdowns on Revolving credit facility ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with the Strategic Transaction Payments related to acquisitions, including contingent consideration 
 ) ) Other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental non-cash information: Issuance of common stock for acquisitions 
 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Compass, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 under the name Urban Compass, Inc. On January 8, 2021, the board of directors approved a change to the Company s name from Urban Compass, Inc. to Compass, Inc. On April 6, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO and the Company s Class A common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on April 1, 2021 under the symbol COMP . 
 The Company provides an end-to-end platform that empowers its residential real estate agents to deliver exceptional service to seller and buyer clients. The Company s platform includes an integrated suite of cloud-based software for customer relationship management, marketing, client service and other critical functionality, all custom-built for the real estate industry, which enables the Company s core brokerage services. The platform also uses proprietary data, analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning to deliver high value recommendations and outcomes for Compass agents and their clients. 
 The Company s agents are independent contractors who affiliate their real estate licenses with the Company, operating their businesses on the Company s platform and under the Compass brand. The Company generates revenue from clients through its agents by assisting home sellers and buyers in listing, marketing, selling and finding homes as well as through the provision of services adjacent to the transaction, like title and escrow services, which comprise a smaller portion of the Company s revenue to date. The Company currently generates substantially all of its revenue from commissions paid by clients at the time that a home is transacted. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Throughout 2023 and through the first nine months of 2024, a number of macroeconomic conditions contributed to a slowdown in the U.S. residential real estate market. In response to these conditions, the Company enacted various restructuring actions designed to improve the alignment between the Company s organizational structure and its long-term 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. Additionally, the Company has a Revolving Credit Facility that matures in March 2026, which it can draw upon provided it maintains continued compliance with certain financial and non-financial covenants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million available to be drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility. Further, the Company is in compliance with each of the financial and non-financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 5 "Debt" for further details. The Company's operating cash flows vary depending on the seasonality of the real estate business. The Company believes that it will have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, its Revolving Credit Facility and future operations to sustain its business operations for the next twelve months and beyond. 
 
 2. 
 
 . The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 For stock options, which the Company issues to employees, affiliated agents and in certain cases in connection with business combinations, the Company generally estimates the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 of the ownership interests in Latter Blum Holdings, LLC and Parks Village Nashville, LLC, residential real estate brokerages, and during the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of ownership interest in a title insurance and escrow settlement services company. The purpose of these acquisitions was to expand the Company s existing brokerage business and title and escrow presence in key domestic markets. The Company has accounted for these acquisitions as business combinations. 
 The consideration for the acquisitions completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is comprised of million in the Company's Class A common stock, million of cash paid at or near closing, net of cash acquired, an additional million to be paid in cash and the Company's Class A common stock at a later date and an estimated million of additional Class A common stock or cash that may be paid contingent on certain earnings-based targets being met at various payment dates through 2027. Payments in excess of the original estimate may impact the Company's statement of operations in future periods. The future consideration amounts were recorded within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, related to the 2024 acquisitions, primarily resulted in the recognition of: million of customer relationships; million of trademark intangible assets; million of other current and non-current assets; and million of current and non- 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million. Goodwill represents the expected synergies from combining the acquired assets and the operations of the acquirer as well as the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The acquired intangible assets are being amortized over the estimated useful lives of approximately to years. 
 Approximately million of the goodwill recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is deductible for tax purposes. The amount of tax-deductible goodwill may increase in the future to approximately million dependent on the payment of certain contingent consideration arrangements. These amounts are not expected to have an impact on the income tax provision while the Company maintains a full valuation allowance on its U.S. deferred tax assets. 
 The Company has recorded the preliminary purchase price allocations as of the acquisition dates and expects to finalize its analysis within the measurement period (up to one year from each of the respective acquisition dates) of the transactions. Any adjustments during the measurement periods would have a corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon conclusion of the measurement periods or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Pro forma revenue and earnings for this acquisition have not been presented because the acquisition is not material to the Company s consolidated revenue and results of operations. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Contingent consideration represents obligations of the Company to transfer cash and common stock to the sellers of certain acquired businesses in the event that certain targets and milestones are met. As of September 30, 2024, the undiscounted estimated payment under these arrangements was million. 
 Acquisitions and measurement period adjustments ) Payments ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value included in net loss Closing balance 
 Other Acquisition-Related Arrangements 
 million in future compensation to such selling shareholders in connection with these arrangements. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized expense of million and million, respectively, within Operations and support in the condensed consolidated statements of operations related to these arrangements. Expense related to these arrangements was for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 4. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are held in cash and money market funds, which are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted prices in active markets. These are the Company s only Level 1 financial instruments. The Company does not hold any Level 2 financial instruments. The Company s contingent consideration liabilities of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are the Company s only Level 3 financial instruments. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Other non-current liabilities Total contingent consideration 
 There were no transfers of financial instruments between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the periods presented. 
 Level 3 Financial Liabilities 

5. 
 million revolving credit facility and is solely used to finance, in part, the Company s Compass Concierge Program. The Concierge Facility is secured primarily by the Concierge Receivables and cash of the Compass Concierge Program. 
 Borrowings under the Concierge Facility bear interest at the term SOFR rate plus a margin of . The two year commitment fee is if the Concierge Facility is utilized greater than and , if the Concierge Facility is utilized less than . On August 4, 2023, the revolving period under the Concierge Facility was extended to August 3, 2025. The interest rate on the drawn down portion of the Concierge Facility was as of September 30, 2024. Pursuant to the Concierge Facility, the principal amount, if any, is payable in full in January 2026, unless earlier terminated or extended. 
 The Company has the option to repay the borrowings under the Concierge Facility without premium or penalty prior to maturity. The Concierge Facility contains customary affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements, as well as covenants that restrict the Company's ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, sell certain receivables, declare dividends or make certain distributions, and undergo a merger or consolidation or certain other transactions. Additionally, in the event that the Company fails to comply with certain financial covenants that require the Company to meet certain liquidity-based measures, the commitments under the Concierge Facility will automatically be reduced to zero and the Company will be required to repay any outstanding loans under the Concierge Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Concierge Facility. 
 The Concierge Facility includes customary events of default that include, among other things, nonpayment of principal, interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of certain covenants, bankruptcy and insolvency events, material judgments and change of control. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations and/or the increase in the applicable interest rate under the Concierge Facility. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Revolving Credit Facility with Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and as collateral agent (the "Administrative Agent"), and certain other lenders, which was subsequently amended on May 1, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for a million 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million and (ii) the aggregate unused amount of the revolving commitments then in effect under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company s obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Company s subsidiary guarantors. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (i) a floating rate per annum equal to the base rate plus a margin of or (ii) a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") plus a margin of . The base rate is equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate as quoted by The Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus , (c) the SOFR term rate for a one-month interest period plus and (d) . The SOFR term rate is determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate plus a adjustment. During an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility, the applicable interest rates are increased by per annum. 
 The Company is also obligated to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this type, including a commitment fee on a quarterly basis based on amounts committed but unused under the Revolving Credit Facility of per annum, fees associated with letters of credit and administrative and arrangement fees. The principal amount, if any, is payable in full in March 2026, unless earlier terminated or extended. 
 The Company has the option to repay the Company s borrowings, and to permanently reduce the loan commitments in whole or in part, under the Revolving Credit Facility without premium or penalty prior to maturity. As of September 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility totaled approximately million. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties, financial covenants applicable to the Company and its restricted subsidiaries, affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements, and negative covenants which restrict their ability, among other things, to incur liens and indebtedness, make certain investments, declare dividends, dispose of, transfer or sell assets, make stock repurchases and consummate certain other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. The financial covenants require that (i) the Company maintains liquidity of at least million as of the last day of each fiscal quarter and each date of a credit extension and (ii) the Company s consolidated total revenue as of the last day of each fiscal quarter be equal to or greater than the specified amount corresponding to such period. Minimum liquidity is defined as unused amounts under the million Revolving Credit Facility plus the unrestricted cash of Compass and its restricted subsidiaries. The minimum required consolidated revenue threshold for the trailing four fiscal quarters is million during 2024 and thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

6. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 putative class action lawsuits and individual lawsuit (the "Antitrust Lawsuits") that allege, among other things, violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. 1. 
 
 Four of the putative class action lawsuits, captioned Gibson, et al. v. National Association of Realtors, et al., No. 4:23-cv-00788-FJG (W.D. Mo.) Gibson ), filed on October 31, 2023, Grace v. National Association of Realtors, et al., No. 3:23-cv-06352 (N.D. Cal.) Grace ), filed on December 8, 2023, Fierro, et al. v. National Association of Realtors, et al., Case No. 2:24-cv-00449 (C.D. Cal.) Fierro ), filed on January 17, 2024, and Whaley v. Arizona Association of Realtors, Case No. 2:24-cv-00105 (D. Nev.) Whaley ), filed on January 15, 2024, name the Company as a defendant and allege, among other things, that certain trade associations, including the National Association of Realtors, multiple listing services, and real estate brokerages engaged in a continuing contract, combination, or conspiracy to unreasonably restrain interstate trade and commerce in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. 1 by entering into a continuing agreement to require sellers of residential property to make inflated payments to brokers representing buyers. Umpa, et al. v. National Association of Realtors, et al., 4:23-cv-00945 (W.D. Mo.) Umpa ), filed on December 27, 2023, was consolidated into the Gibson matter on April 23, 2024. Boykin v. National Association of Realtors, et al., No. 2:24-cv-00340 (D. Nev.) Boykin ), filed on February 16, 2024, was terminated and consolidated into the Whaley matter on March 20, 2024. The plaintiffs in the Gibson and Umpa matters allege a nationwide scope, while the Grace and Fierro matters are limited in scope to Northern California and Southern California, respectively and the Whaley matter is limited in scope to Nevada. The Grace, Fierro and Whaley matters are stayed pending final approval of the settlement agreement. 
 
 On December 27, 2023, plaintiffs in the Gibson and Umpa matters filed a motion before the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation JPML ), captioned In re Real Estate Commission Litigation, No. 48 (J.P.M.L.), seeking to transfer and consolidate for pretrial proceedings the Gibson, Umpa, Grace, March, QJ Team, Martin, and three additional putative class actions to which the Company has not been named as a party, to one multidistrict litigation. On April 12, 2024, the JPML denied consolidation at this time based on the procedural posture of the litigation and recent nationwide class settlements. 
 
 O n March 21, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the Gibson and Umpa cases on a nationwide basis. The settlement resolves all claims in these cases and similar claims in other lawsuits alleging claims on behalf of sellers on a nationwide basis against the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Claims and releases the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliated agents from the Claims. Under the settlement agreement, the Company agreed to pay million and make certain changes to its business practices. The Gibson and Umpa matters were stayed as to Compass on March 25, 2024. The court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement agreement on April 30, 2024. The Company s motion for final approval of the settlement agreement was granted on October 31, 2024 and the settlement agreement is now effective. Plaintiffs may appeal the final approval ruling before December 2, 2024. 
 
 Two of the putative class action lawsuits, March v. Real Estate Board of New York, et al., No. 1:23-cv-09995 (S.D.N.Y.) March ), filed on November 13, 2023, and Friedman v. Real Estate Board of New York, et al., Case No. 1:23-cv-09601 (S.D.N.Y.) Friedman ), filed on January 18, 2024, name the Company as a defendant and allege, among other things, that the Real Estate Board of New York, and a number of real estate brokerages engaged in a continuing contract, combination, or conspiracy to unreasonably restrain interstate trade and commerce in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. 1 by entering into a continuing agreement to require sellers of residential property to make inflated payments to brokers representing buyers. The Friedman and March matters also allege violations of the Donnelly Act, N.Y. Gen. Bus. 340, and the March matter further seeks injunctive relief pursuant to Section 16 of the Clayton Act, 15 U.S.C. 26. The Friedman and March matters are limited in scope to the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn, and Manhattan, respectively. The March and Friedman matters are stayed pending final approval of the settlement agreement. 
 
 One putative class action lawsuit, QJ Team, LLC, et al. v. Texas Association of Realtors, Inc., et al., No. 4:23-cv-01013 (E.D. Tx.) QJ Team ), filed on November 13, 2023, names Realty Austin, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, as a defendant and alleges, among other things, that certain trade associations, including the Texas Association of Realtors, and a number of real estate brokerages engaged in a continuing contract, combination, or conspiracy to unreasonably restrain interstate trade and commerce in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. 1 by entering into a continuing agreement to require sellers of residential property to make inflated payments to brokers representing buyers. Martin, et al. v. Texas Association of Realtors, Inc., et al., No. 423-cv-01104 (E.D. Tx.) Martin ), filed on December 14, 2023, was consolidated into the QJ Team matter on March 21, 2024. The QJ Team matter is stayed pending final approval of the settlement agreement. 
 
 Wang v. National Ass n of Realtors et al., Case No. 1:24-cv-02371 (S.D.N.Y.) Wang ), an individual lawsuit filed on March 28, 2024, names the Company as a defendant and alleges, among other things, that certain trade associations, including the National Association of Realtors and the Real Estate Board of New York, and a number of real estate 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million within General and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in connection with the settlement agreement. of the settlement was paid during the three months ended June 30, 2024. The remaining is expected to be paid during the second quarter of 2025. 
 
 Batton, et al. v. Compass, Inc., et al. 
 
 Batton, et al. v. Compass, Inc., et al., No. 1:23-cv-15618 (N.D. Ill.) Batton II ), filed on November 2, 2023, names the Company and seven other brokerages as defendants and alleges that the defendants entered into a continuing contract, combination, or conspiracy to unreasonably restrain interstate trade and commerce in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. 1 and state law antitrust statutes, violated state consumer protection statutes, and were unjustly enriched by industry rules that set the manner by which buyer s brokers are compensated. The allegations in Batton II are substantially similar to those contained in the case captioned Batton, et al. v. National Association of Realtors, et al., No. 1:21-cv-00430 (N.D. Ill.) Batton I ), filed on January 25, 2021, which does not name the Company but names the National Association of Realtors and six other brokerages. The Company and the defendants in the Batton II matter filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on June 21, 2024. The plaintiffs filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss on August 5, 2024 and the Company and the defendants filed a reply on September 4, 2024. 
 
 The Company is unable to predict the outcome of Batton II or to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from the claim asserted therein. The ultimate resolution of Batton II could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flow. 
 
 Letter of Credit Agreements 
 The Company has irrevocable letters of credit with various financial institutions, primarily related to security deposits for leased facilities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was contingently liable for million and million, respectively, under these letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, million of these letters of credit were collateralized by the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2023, million and million of these letters of credit were collateralized by the Revolving Credit Facility and the Company's cash and cash equivalents, respectively. 
 
 Escrow and Trust Deposits 
 As a service to its home buyers and sellers, the Company administers escrow and trust deposits, which represent undistributed amounts for the settlement of real estate transactions. The escrow and trust deposits totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These deposits are not assets of the Company and therefore are excluded from the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. However, the Company remains contingently liable for the disposition of these deposits. 
 
 7. 
 million shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are shares of the Company s preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 In February 2021, the Company approved the establishment of Class C common stock and an agreement with the Company s CEO to exchange his Class A common stock for Class C common stock. Any Class A common stock issued to the Company s CEO from RSU awards granted prior to February 2021 are able to be exchanged for Class C common stock. per share and will be convertible at any time into share of Class A common stock and will automatically convert into Class A common stock under certain sunset 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 billion shares of Class A common stock, billion shares of Class B common stock and million shares of Class C common stock. Each class has par value of . 
 Class B common stock Class C common stock Total 
 December 31, 2023 Shares Authorized Shares Issued Shares Outstanding Class A common stock Class B common stock Class C common stock Total 
 Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote. Holders of Class C common stock are entitled to votes per share. 
 Each share of Class C common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class C common stock will automatically convert into a share of Class A common stock upon sale or transfer, except for certain permitted transfers. 
 Strategic Transaction 
 In August 2023, the Company entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with a Canadian real estate proptech company (the "Strategic Transaction") under which the Company received million of cash in exchange for million shares of Class A common stock and committed to make an additional contingent payment in the form of Class A common stock or cash, as determined by the Company. The contingent payment was dependent on a volume-weighted stock price target for the Company's Class A common stock and was payable up to a maximum of million in May 2025 (unless the volume-weighted stock price target is triggered). During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the volume-weighted price target was met and the Company was released of its liability to make any additional payment in connection with this arrangement. 
 
 8. 
 term for stock options and a maximum term for RSUs, subject to board approval. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In February 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders adopted and approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), with an initial pool of million shares of common stock available for granting stock-based awards plus any reserved shares of common stock not issued or subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2012 Plan. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock and outstanding shares of preferred stock (on an as converted to common stock basis) on the immediately preceding December 31 st , although the Company s board of directors or one of its committees may reduce the amount of such increase in any particular year. The 2021 Plan became effective on March 30, 2021 and as of that date, the Company ceased granting new awards under the 2012 Plan and all remaining shares available under the 2012 Plan were transferred to the 2021 Plan. Effective January 1, 2024, the shares available for future grants were increased by an additional million shares as a result of the annual increase provision described above. As of September 30, 2024, there were million shares available for future grants under the 2021 Plan, inclusive of those shares transferred from the 2012 Plan. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In February 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders adopted and approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), with an initial pool of million shares of Class A common stock available for authorized purchase rights to the Company s employees or to employees of its designated affiliates. In addition, on January 1 st of each year beginning in 2022 and continuing through 2031, the aggregate number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP shall be increased automatically by the number of shares equal to of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock and outstanding shares of preferred stock (on an as converted to common stock basis) on the immediately preceding December 31 st , although the Company s board of directors or one of its committees may reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. No more than million shares of common stock may be issued over the term of the ESPP, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the ESPP. Effective January 1, 2024, the authorized shares increased by million shares as a result of the annual increase provision described above. As of September 30, 2024, million shares of Class A common stock remain available for grant under the ESPP. 
 The ESPP permits employees to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock through payroll deductions accumulated during offering periods up to a maximum value of per offering period. The offering periods begin each February and August, or such other period determined by the Compensation Committee. On each purchase date, eligible employees may purchase the shares at a price per share equal to of the lesser of (1) the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the first trading day of the offering period, or (2) the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the purchase date, as defined in the ESPP. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued million shares of Class A common stock under the ESPP. 
 The Company recognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, million has been withheld on behalf of employees for a future purchase under the ESPP. 
 Stock Options 
 million stock options that were granted outside of the 2012 Plan in 2019, is presented below (in millions, except share and per share amounts): 
 Number of Options Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contract Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (1) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable and vested at September 30, 2024 
 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested and converted to common stock (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company net settled all RSUs through which it issued an aggregate of million shares of Class A common stock and withheld an aggregate of million shares of Class A common st ock to satisfy million of tax withholding obligations on behalf of the Company s employees. 
 Agent Equity Program 
 In connection with the 2022 Agent Equity Program, the Company recognized a total of million in stock-based compensation expense of which million was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In January 2023, the Company granted million RSUs, which immediately vested and converted to Class A common stock in connection with the 2022 Agent Equity Program. Prior to the issuance of the underlying RSUs, the stock-based compensation expense associated with these awards was recorded as a liability and million was ultimately reclassified to Additional paid-in capital at the end of the vesting period when the underlying RSUs were granted. Following the issuance of these RSUs, the Company discontinued the Agent Equity Program. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Sales and marketing Operations and support Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense totaled million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The Company has not recognized any tax benefits from stock-based compensation as a result of the full valuation allowance maintained on its deferred tax assets. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 
 million and million of income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. This benefit resulted from a partial reduction in the valuation allowance related to the carryover tax basis in deferred tax liabilities from acquisitions netted with the recognition of deferred tax assets in India and state income tax expense. Additionally, the Company incurred current tax expense from its operations in India. The Company recognized a million benefit from income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance on all domestic net deferred tax assets based on numerous factors including estimated future taxable income and historic profitability. 
 The Company had no material uncertain tax positions as of the period ended September 30, 2024 nor does it expect a substantial increase in the next 12 months. If applicable, the Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision. 
 The U.S. is the Company s only material tax jurisdiction. The Company is generally no longer subject to U.S. federal examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for years before 2015. The IRS and state taxing authorities can subject the Company to audit dating back to 2012 when the Company begins to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards. 
 
 10.) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Compass, Inc., basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Compass, Inc., basic and diluted 
 Outstanding RSUs Shares subject to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Unvested early exercised stock options Unvested common stock Contingent common stock to be issued in connection with the Strategic Transaction Total 
 22 

Table of Contents 

11. 
 and , respectively. For Concierge Receivables where repayments have not been triggered (i.e., earlier of (i) sale of the property, (ii) termination of a listing agreement or (iii) 12 months from the date costs were originally funded), the Company establishes an estimate as to the percentage of underlying properties that will be sold based on historical data. This estimate is updated as of the end of each reporting period. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company maintains an ACL for the expected credit losses over the contractual life of the Concierge Receivables. The amount of ACL is based on ongoing, quarterly assessments by management. Historical loss experience is generally the starting point when the Company estimates the expected credit losses. The Company then considers whether (i) current conditions and economic conditions, (ii) future economic conditions and (iii) any potential changes in the Compass 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Allowances Net write-offs ) ) End of period 
 Aging Status 
 The Company generally considers Concierge Receivables to be past due after being outstanding for over 30 days after the initial billing. Changes in the Company s estimate to the ACL are recorded through bad debt expense as Sales and marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and individual accounts are charged against the allowance when all reasonable collection efforts are exhausted. 
 31-90 days past due Over 90 days past due Total 
 
 12. 
 Lease termination costs Accelerated depreciation Total expense 
 The total costs incurred in connection with the Company's restructuring activities taken during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as follows (in millions): 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization Total expense 
 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the discussion under the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the 2023 Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . You should review the disclosure under the section entitled Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Quarterly Report and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, or MD A, is provided as a supplement to the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and is intended to provide an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and changes in our results of operations and financial condition. Our MD A is organized as follows: 
 Introduction. This section provides a general description of our company and its business, recent developments affecting our company, operational highlights and discussions of how seasonal factors and macroeconomic conditions may impact our results. 
 Results of Operations. This section provides our analysis and outlook for the significant line items on our statements of operations, as well as other information that we deem meaningful to understand our results of operations on a consolidated basis. 
 Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures. This section provides a discussion of key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures we use to evaluate our business and measure our performance, in addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. This section provides an analysis of our liquidity and cash flows, as well as a discussion of our commitments that existed as of September 30, 2024. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies. This section discusses those accounting policies that are considered important to the evaluation and reporting of our financial condition and results of operations, and whose application requires us to exercise subjective and often complex judgments in making estimates and assumptions. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements. This section provides a summary of the most recent authoritative accounting standards and guidance that have either been recently adopted by our company or may be adopted in the future. 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 Our Company 
 Compass, Inc. (the Company was incorporated in Delaware on October 4, 2012 under the name Urban Compass, Inc. On January 8, 2021, the board of directors of the Company approved a change to the Company s name from Urban Compass, Inc. to Compass, Inc. The Company has been based in New York City since its incorporation. 
 Our Business and Business Model 
 We provide an end-to-end platform that empowers our residential real estate agents to deliver exceptional service to seller and buyer clients. Our platform includes an integrated suite of cloud-based software for customer relationship management, marketing, client service, brokerage services and other critical functionalities, all custom-built for the real estate industry. Our platform also uses proprietary data, analytics, AI, and machine learning to simplify workflows of agents and deliver high-value recommendations and outcomes for both agents and their clients. Additionally, we provide integrated services, such as title and escrow and mortgage, both of which are available on our platform. Compass agents utilize the platform to grow their businesses, save time and manage their businesses more effectively. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our business model is directly aligned with the success of our agents. We attract agents to our brokerage and partner with them as independent contractors that affiliate their real estate licenses with us, operating their businesses on our platform and under our brand. We currently generate substantially all of our revenue from commissions paid to us by our agents' clients at the time that a home is transacted on our platform. While integrated services comprise a small portion of our revenue to date, we believe we are well-positioned to capture meaningful revenue from integrated services as we continue to diversify our offerings within the real estate ecosystem. 
 Operational Highlights for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 We continue to attract and retain the most talented agents to our platform, which is critical to our long-term success. We grow our revenue by attracting high-performing agents looking to grow their business and increasing the productivity of our agents. We invest in our proprietary, integrated platform designed for real estate agents, to enable them to grow their business and save them time and money. This value proposition allows us to recruit more agents, help them grow their business and retain them on our platform at industry leading retention rates. 
 We had over 33,000 agents on our platform as of September 30, 2024. A subset of our agents are considered principal agents, which we define as either agents who are leaders of their respective agent teams or individual agents operating independently on our platform. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Number of Principal Agents 1 was 17,542 2 , an increase of 2,927, or 20.0 , from September 30, 2023. The principal agent additions primarily relate to the Company's recent acquisitions of various residential real estate brokerages. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our agents closed 55,872 Total Transactions, an increase of 16.1 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in total transactions was primarily attributable to the residential real estate brokerages acquired since the same period a year ago. 
 Our Gross Transaction Value for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 57.7 billion, an increase of 13.4 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross Transaction Value is primarily driven by home values in the markets we serve and by changes in the number of our agents in those markets, as well as seasonality. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Gross Transaction Value represented 4.8 of residential real estate transacted in the U.S., compared to 4.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. We calculate our market share by dividing our Gross Transaction Value, or the total dollar value of transactions closed by agents on our platform, by two times (to account for the sell-side and buy-side of each transaction) the aggregate dollar value of U.S. existing home sales as reported by the National Association of Realtors ("NAR"). Gross Transaction Value includes a de minimis number of new development and commercial brokerage transactions. 
 For the definitions of Number of Principal Agents, Total Transactions and Gross Transaction Value, please refer to the section entitled Key Business Metrics included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Seasonality and Cyclicality 
 
 The residential real estate market is seasonal, which directly impacts our agents businesses. While individual markets may vary, transaction volume is typically highest in spring and summer, and then declines gradually in late fall and winter. We experience the most significant financial effect from this seasonality in the first and fourth quarters of each year, when our revenue is typically lower relative to the second and third quarters. The effect of this seasonality on our revenue has a larger effect on our results of operations as many of our operating expenses (excluding commissions) are somewhat fixed in nature and do not vary directly in line with our revenue. We believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results. 
 
 1 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company began to report its agent statistics as of the period end. The Company's Number of Principal Agents and year over year growth reported in this Form 10-Q is based on the quarter end count. 
 2 The Number of Principal Agents metric excludes approximately 1,200 principal agents located in Texas who joined Compass during the second quarter of 2024 as part of the Latter Blum Holdings, LLC acquisition. These agents operate with a flat fee / transaction fee based model, which is different from the Company's standard commission model. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The broader residential real estate industry is cyclical, and individual markets can have their own dynamics that diverge from broad market conditions. The real estate industry can be impacted by the strength or weakness of the economy, changes in interest rates or mortgage lending standards, or extreme economic or political conditions. Our revenue growth rate tends to increase as the real estate industry performs well and to decrease when the real estate industry performs poorly. 
 Impact of the Macroeconomic Conditions and Recent Industry Practice Changes on the U.S. Residential Real Estate Market and Our Business 
 A number of macroeconomic conditions, including high interest rates and the Federal Reserve Board policies, continue to contribute to the slowdown in the U.S. residential real estate market, impacting our business and financial results. Specifically, these conditions resulted in slowed consumer demand, declining home affordability and low inventory. Any further slowdown, additional challenging conditions or lack of improvement in the U.S. residential real estate market could have a significant impact on our business and financial results during the remainder of 2024 and beyond. 
 Additionally, as part of its nationwide class action settlement of the antitrust claims, NAR agreed to implement certain industry-wide practice changes, including, but not limited to, prohibiting buyer brokers' offers of compensation from being included in listings on Multiple Listing Services and requiring a buyer to enter into a written agreement with their agent that would set forth the buyer broker's fee before showing the buyer a property. These changes went into effect in mid-August. Early in the Spring, the Company entered into a class action settlement of similar antitrust claims and agreed to implement certain other practice changes. See Note 6 - "Commitments and Contingencies" to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for more information. Further, we believe the Department of Justice is continuing to focus on the industry, including the practice changes resulting from the NAR settlement. 
 While we continue to assess the effects of the ongoing slowdown and the recent industry-wide changes on our business and financial results, the ultimate impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, as well as the actions that we have taken, or will take, to minimize any current and future impact on our revenue, profitability, or liquidity. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except percentages) 
 Revenue 1,494.0 100.0 1,337.4 100.0 4,248.7 100.0 3,788.6 100.0 Operating expenses: Commissions and other related expense (1) 
 1,227.7 82.2 1,096.2 82.0 3,495.3 82.3 3,111.1 82.1 Sales and marketing (1) 
 88.2 5.9 103.9 7.8 276.5 6.5 332.5 8.8 Operations and support (1) 
 84.4 5.6 83.2 6.2 246.5 5.8 247.3 6.5 Research and development (1) 
 47.5 3.2 45.8 3.4 141.9 3.3 140.1 3.7 General and administrative (1) 
 27.4 1.8 24.2 1.8 132.5 3.1 93.3 2.5 Restructuring costs 1.7 0.1 1.7 0.1 7.5 0.2 27.7 0.7 Depreciation and amortization 20.5 1.4 21.3 1.6 62.7 1.5 68.5 1.8 Total operating expenses 1,497.4 100.2 1,376.3 102.9 4,362.9 102.7 4,020.5 106.1 Loss from operations (3.4) (0.2) (38.9) (2.9) (114.2) (2.7) (231.9) (6.1) Investment income, net 2.2 0.1 1.5 0.1 4.7 0.1 6.9 0.2 Interest expense (1.5) (0.1) (1.9) (0.1) (4.6) (0.1) (9.2) (0.2) Loss before income taxes and equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity (2.7) (0.2) (39.3) (2.9) (114.1) (2.7) (234.2) (6.2) Income tax benefit 0.3 0.5 0.7 0.5 Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity 0.5 (0.4) (0.7) (2.6) (0.1) Net loss (1.9) (0.1) (39.2) (2.9) (114.1) (2.7) (236.3) (6.2) Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 0.2 (0.2) 0.2 (1.3) Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. (1.7) (0.1 (39.4) (2.9 (113.9) (2.7 (237.6) (6.3 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commissions and other related expense 11.6 Sales and marketing 7.8 8.8 24.0 26.4 Operations and support 4.2 4.5 12.3 11.6 Research and development 14.6 11.4 44.7 34.4 General and administrative 5.9 13.3 15.3 37.9 Total stock-based compensation expense 32.5 38.0 96.3 121.9 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Revenue 1,494.0 1,337.4 156.6 11.7 4,248.7 3,788.6 460.1 12.1 
 Revenue was 1,494.0 million and 4,248.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 156.6 million, or 11.7 , and 460.1 million, or 12.1 , compared to the prior year periods, respectively. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in the number of agents on our platform during 2023 and 2024 and a higher volume of transactions. The Number of Principal Agents as of September 30, 2024 grew to 17,542, an increase of 20.0 from the year ago period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 6.4 and 5.1 of the revenue increases, respectively, were attributable to businesses recently acquired with no comparable revenue in the prior periods. 
 Commissions and other related expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Commissions and other related expense 1,227.7 1,096.2 131.5 12.0 3,495.3 3,111.1 384.2 12.3 Percentage of revenue 82.2 82.0 82.3 82.1 
 Commissions and other related expense was 1,227.7 million and 3,495.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 131.5 million, or 12.0 , and 384.2 million, or 12.3 , compared to the prior year periods, respectively. Included in Commissions and other related expense were non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation of 11.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decline in stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the prior year period was due to the discontinuation of the Agent Equity Program in 2023. Commissions and other related expense excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense was 1,227.7 million, or 82.2 of revenue, and 3,495.3 million, or 82.3 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 1,096.2 million, or 82.0 of revenue, and 3,099.5 million, or 81.8 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue of Commission and other related expense, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the prior year periods was primarily driven by increased revenue and the impact of recent acquisitions, which operate in markets with higher average commissions rates compared to our core brokerage. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Sales and marketing 88.2 103.9 (15.7) (15.1 276.5 332.5 (56.0) (16.8 Percentage of revenue 5.9 7.8 6.5 8.8 
 Sales and marketing expense was 88.2 million and 276.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 15.7 million, or 15.1 , and 56.0 million, or 16.8 , compared to the prior year periods, respectively. Included in Sales and marketing expense were non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation of 7.8 million and 24.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 8.8 million and 26.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Sales and marketing expense, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation expense, was 80.4 million, or 5.4 of revenue, and 252.5 million, or 5.9 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 95.1 million, or 7.1 of revenue, and 306.1 million, or 8.1 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue, excluding 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 non-cash stock-based compensation expense, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in agent marketing costs and agent incentives. 
 Operations and support 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Operations and support 84.4 83.2 1.2 1.4 246.5 247.3 (0.8) (0.3 Percentage of revenue 5.6 6.2 5.8 6.5 
 Operations and support expense was 84.4 million and 246.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.2 million, or 1.4 , and a decrease of 0.8 million, or 0.3 , compared to the prior year periods, respectively. Included in Operations and support expense were non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation of 4.2 million and 12.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 4.5 million and 11.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Operations and support expense, excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense, was 80.2 million, or 5.4 of revenue, and 234.2 million, or 5.5 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 78.7 million, or 5.9 of revenue, and 235.7 million, or 6.2 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The fluctuation in absolute dollars, excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 remained relatively flat. The decrease as a percentage of revenue, excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to the increase in revenue compared to the prior year period. 
 Research and development 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Research and development 47.5 45.8 1.7 3.7 141.9 140.1 1.8 1.3 Percentage of revenue 3.2 3.4 3.3 3.7 
 Research and development expense was 47.5 million and 141.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.7 million, or 3.7 , and 1.8 million, or 1.3 , compared to the prior year periods, respectively. Included in Research and development expense were non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation of 14.6 million and 44.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 11.4 million and 34.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by forfeitures incurred due to the workforce reductions taken in connection with our restructuring activities in the prior year with no comparable activity in the current year. Research and development expense, excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense, was 32.9 million, or 2.2 of revenue, and 97.2 million, or 2.3 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 34.4 million, or 2.6 of revenue, and 105.7 million, or 2.8 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in Research and development expense, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation expense, in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by lower research and development related expense resulting from our cost reduction initiatives. 
 General and administrative 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) General and administrative 27.4 24.2 3.2 13.2 132.5 93.3 39.2 42.0 Percentage of revenue 1.8 1.8 3.1 2.5 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expense was 27.4 million and 132.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 3.2 million, or 13.2 , and 39.2 million, or 42.0 , compared to the prior year periods, respectively. General and administrative expense includes a charge of 57.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in connection with the Antitrust Lawsuits, which is discussed in Note 6 - "Commitments and Contingencies" to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Also included in General and administrative expense were non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation of 5.9 million and 15.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 13.3 million and 37.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by the modification of the Company's Chief Executive Officer's performance-based RSUs at the end of 2023. General and administrative expense, excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense and the aforementioned litigation charge, was 21.5 million, or 1.4 of revenue, and 59.7 million, or 1.4 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 10.9 million, or 0.8 of revenue, and 55.4 million, or 1.5 of revenue, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue, excluding such non-cash stock-based compensation expense and the litigation charge, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by a benefit incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 7.2 million for tax refunds resulting from a change in estimates for certain state taxes paid in prior years. 
 Restructuring costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Restructuring costs 1.7 1.7 7.5 27.7 (20.2) (72.9 Percentage of revenue 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.7 
 Restructuring costs in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of costs associated with continued lease terminations. Restructuring costs in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of costs associated with workforce reduction actions and lease terminations. See Note 12 - "Restructuring Activities" in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, for more information. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Depreciation and amortization 20.5 21.3 (0.8) (3.8 62.7 68.5 (5.8) (8.5 Percentage of revenue 1.4 1.6 1.5 1.8 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 0.8 million, or 3.8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 and decreased 5.8 million, or 8.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization expenses remained relatively flat. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by 5.3 million in accelerated depreciation for fixed assets, including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures related to office leases we exited during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to 1.9 million in the current period. See Note 12 - "Restructuring Activities" in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, for more information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Investment income, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Investment income, net 2.2 1.5 0.7 46.7 4.7 6.9 (2.2) (31.9 
 Investment income, net increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of an increase in our average short-term interest-bearing investments as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Investment income, net decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of a decrease in our average short-term interest-bearing investments as compared to the year ago period. 
 Interest expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Interest expense (1.5) (1.9) 0.4 21.1 (4.6) (9.2) 4.6 50.0 
 Interest expense was 1.5 million and 4.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The decrease from the prior year periods was primarily driven by the interest expense incurred on our Revolving Credit Facility as a result of balances outstanding in the prior year on the credit facility with no comparable balance outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Income tax benefit 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Income tax benefit 0.3 0.5 (0.2) (40.0 0.7 0.5 0.2 40.0 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Income tax benefit decreased by 0.2 million and increased by 0.2 million when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The changes primarily resulted from a decrease in acquisition activity and the recognition of deferred tax assets in India netted with state income tax expense, respectively. 
 Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in millions, except percentages) Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity 0.5 (0.4) 0.9 225.0 (0.7) (2.6) 1.9 73.1 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entity was income of 0.5 million and a loss of 0.7 million, respectively, primarily from our mortgage joint venture, which was formed in July 2021. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 KEY BUSINESS METRICS AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 In addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total Transactions 55,872 48,134 154,711 138,227 Gross Transaction Value (in billions) 57.7 50.9 162.8 144.3 Number of Principal Agents (1)(2) 
 17,542 14,615 17,542 14,615 Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. (in millions) (1.7) (39.4) (113.9) (237.6) Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. margin (0.1 (2.9 (2.7 (6.3 Adjusted EBITDA (3) (in millions) 
 52.0 21.8 109.3 (15.2) Adjusted EBITDA margin (3) 
 3.5 1.6 2.6 (0.4 
 (1) During the first quarter of 2024, the Company began to report its agent statistics as of the period end. The Company's Number of Principal Agents and year over year growth reported in this Form 10-Q is based on the quarter end count. 
 (2) Excludes approximately 1,200 principal agents located in Texas who joined Compass during the second quarter of 2024 as part of the Latter Blum Holdings, LLC acquisition. These agents operate with a flat fee / transaction fee based model, which is different from the Company's standard commission model. 
 (3) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA, see the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 Key Business Metrics 
 Total Transactions 
 Total Transactions is a key measure of the scale of our platform, which drives our financial performance. We define Total Transactions as the sum of all transactions closed on our platform in which our agent represented the buyer or seller in the purchase or sale of a home. We include a single transaction twice when one or more of our agents represent both the buyer and seller in any given transaction. This metric excludes rental transactions. 
 Our Total Transactions increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 55,872, or 16.1 , and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 154,711, or 11.9 , from the year ago periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the majority of the increase in total transactions was attributable to the brokerages acquired since the same periods a year ago. 
 Gross Transaction Value 
 Gross Transaction Value is a key measure of the scale of our platform and success of our agents, which ultimately impacts revenue. Gross Transaction Value is the sum of all closing sale prices for homes transacted by agents on our platform. We include the value of a single transaction twice when our agents serve both the home buyer and home seller in the transaction. This metric excludes rental transactions. 
 Gross Transaction Value is primarily driven by home values in the markets we serve and by changes in the number of our agents in those markets, as well as seasonality and macroeconomic factors. 
 Our Gross Transaction Value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 57.7 billion and 162.8 billion, representing an increase of 13.4 and 12.8 from the year ago periods, respectively. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily driven by an increase in the number of agents on our platform. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Number of Principal Agents 
 The Number of Principal Agents represents the number of agents who are leaders of their respective agent teams or individual agents operating independently on our platform at the end of a given period. The Number of Principal Agents is an indicator of the potential future growth of our business, as well as the size and strength of our platform. We use the Number of Principal Agents, in combination with our other key metrics such as Total Transactions and Gross Transaction Value, as a measure of agent productivity. 
 Our Number of Principal Agents for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 17,542, representing an increase of 20.0 from the year ago period primarily driven by the agents we acquired in 2024 from Latter Blum Holdings, LLC and Parks Village Nashville, LLC. Our principal agents generate revenue across a diverse set of real estate markets in the U.S. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents our Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. adjusted for depreciation and amortization, investment income, net, interest expense, stock-based compensation expense, income tax (expense) benefit and other items. During the periods presented, other items included (i) restructuring charges associated with lease termination and severance costs, (ii) acquisition-related expenses related to adjustments to the fair value of contingent consideration and other forms of acquisition consideration and (iii) a litigation charge in connection with the Antitrust Lawsuits. Adjusted EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by revenue. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and to communicate with our board of directors concerning our financial performance. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are also helpful to investors, analysts and other interested parties because these measures can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our historical financial periods. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have limitations as analytical tools, however, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin alongside other financial performance measures, including Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. and our other GAAP results. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by the types of items excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are not presented in accordance with GAAP and the use of these terms varies from others in our industry. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. (1.7) (39.4) (113.9) (237.6) Adjusted to exclude the following: Depreciation and amortization 20.5 21.3 62.7 68.5 Investment income, net (2.2) (1.5) (4.7) (6.9) Interest expense 1.5 1.9 4.6 9.2 Stock-based compensation 32.5 38.0 96.3 121.9 Income tax benefit (0.3) (0.5) (0.7) (0.5) Restructuring costs 1.7 1.7 7.5 27.7 Acquisition-related expenses (1) 
 0.3 2.5 Litigation charge (2) 
 57.5 Adjusted EBITDA 52.0 21.8 109.3 (15.2) Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. margin (0.1 (2.9 (2.7 (6.3 Adjusted EBITDA margin 3.5 1.6 2.6 (0.4 
 (1) Includes adjustments related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration and other adjustments related to acquisition consideration. See Note 3 - "Acquisitions" to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for more information. 
 (2) Represent a charge of 57.5 million incurred during the three months ended March 31, 2024 in connection with the Antitrust Lawsuits. See Note 6 - "Commitments and Contingencies" to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for more information. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was income of 52.0 million and 21.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA was income of 109.3 million and a loss of 15.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The improvement in Adjusted EBITDA during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily a result of the impact of our cost reduction initiatives and an increase in revenue which was driven by an increase in the number of agents on our platform during 2023 and 2024. 
 The following tables provide supplemental information to the Reconciliation of Net loss attributable to Compass, Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA presented above. These tables identify how certain Operating expenses related financial statement line items contained within the condensed consolidated statements of operations elsewhere in this Quarterly Report are impacted by the items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA (in millions): 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commissions and other related expense Sales and marketing Operations and support Research and development General and administrative GAAP Basis 1,227.7 88.2 84.4 47.5 27.4 Adjusted to exclude the following: Stock-based compensation (7.8) (4.2) (14.6) (5.9) Non-GAAP Basis 1,227.7 80.4 80.2 32.9 21.5 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commissions and other related expense Sales and marketing Operations and support Research and development General and administrative GAAP Basis 1,096.2 103.9 83.2 45.8 24.2 Adjusted to exclude the following: Stock-based compensation (8.8) (4.5) (11.4) (13.3) Acquisition-related expenses (0.3) Non-GAAP Basis 1,096.2 95.1 78.4 34.4 10.9 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commissions and other related expense Sales and marketing Operations and support Research and development General and administrative GAAP Basis 3,495.3 276.5 246.5 141.9 132.5 Adjusted to exclude the following: Stock-based compensation (24.0) (12.3) (44.7) (15.3) Litigation charge (57.5) Non-GAAP Basis 3,495.3 252.5 234.2 97.2 59.7 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commissions and other related expense Sales and marketing Operations and support Research and development General and administrative GAAP Basis 3,111.1 332.5 247.3 140.1 93.3 Adjusted to exclude the following: Stock-based compensation (11.6) (26.4) (11.6) (34.4) (37.9) Acquisition-related expenses (2.5) Non-GAAP Basis 3,099.5 306.1 233.2 105.7 55.4 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Since inception, we have generated negative cash flows from operations and have primarily financed our operations from net proceeds from the sale of convertible preferred stock and common stock. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 211.2 million and an accumulated deficit of 2.6 billion. 
 
 We expect that operating losses and negative cash flows from operations may continue in certain periods in the foreseeable future as a result of the current slowdown in the U.S. residential real estate market as described in more detail under the section entitled Impact of the Macroeconomic Conditions and Recent Industry Practice Changes on the U.S. Residential Real Estate Market and Our Business . We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, the Concierge Facility (which, as disclosed in the footnotes to the condensed consolidated financial statements, may be used to support our Compass Concierge Program) and the Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months and beyond. 
 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, growth in the number of our agents and the associated costs to attract, support and retain them, our decision to resume expansion into new geographic markets, 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 continued investment in integrated services and other new revenue streams, future acquisitions, the timing of investments in technology and personnel to support the overall growth in our business and the extent and duration of the current and any future slowdown in the U.S. residential real estate market. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to negotiate terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. See the sections entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock We may need to raise additional capital to continue to grow our business and we may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Covenants in our debt agreements may restrict our borrowing capacity or operating activities and adversely affect our financial condition included in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Financial Obligations 
 See Note 5 - "Debt" in our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, for information on our indebtedness as of September 30, 2024. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 91.0 12.8 Net cash used in investing activities (32.8) (8.2) Net cash used in financing activities (13.9) (146.5) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 44.3 (141.9) 
 Operating Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 91.0 million. The inflow was primarily due to a 114.1 million Net loss adjusted for 161.4 million of non-cash charges and cash inflows due to changes in assets and liabilities of 43.7 million. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities was 12.8 million. The inflow was primarily due to a 236.3 million Net loss adjusted for 199.3 million of non-cash charges and cash inflows due to changes in assets and liabilities of 49.8 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 32.8 million consisting of 18.9 million in payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, 11.9 million of capital expenditures and 2.0 million for investments in an unconsolidated entity. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 8.2 million consisting of 8.9 million in capital expenditures partially offset by 0.7 million of cash acquired, net of payments for acquisitions. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 13.9 million primarily consisting of 21.8 million in taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards and 2.9 million in payments related to acquisitions, including contingent consideration payments, partially offset by 5.9 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, 2.7 million in net proceeds from drawdowns and repayments on the Concierge Facility and 2.2 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 146.5 million, primarily consisting of 150.0 million in net repayments of drawdowns on the Revolving Credit Facility, 17.9 million in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards, 12.1 million in payments related to acquisitions, including contingent consideration and 4.0 million in net outflows from drawdowns and repayments on the Concierge Facility partially offset by 32.3 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the Strategic Transaction, 4.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 2.5 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We administer escrow and trust deposits which represent undistributed amounts for the settlement of real estate transactions. We are contingently liable for these escrow and trust deposits totaling 246.1 million and 120.0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We did not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements as of or during the periods presented. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND POLICIES 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates and therefore, if material, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. For additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates, see the disclosure included in our 2023 Form 10-K , as well as Note 1 and Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For a description of our recently adopted accounting pronouncements and accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted, see Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position because of adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of exposure resulting from potential changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 consisted of 211.2 million. Certain of our cash and cash equivalents are interest-earning instruments that carry a degree of interest rate risk. The goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate exposure. We believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of these assets as a result of changes in interest rates due to the short-term nature of our cash and cash equivalents. 
 We are also subject to interest rate exposure on our Concierge Facility and Revolving Credit Facility. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. Our Concierge Facility bears interest equal to the term SOFR rate plus a margin of 2.75 . As of September 30, 2024, we had a total outstanding balance of 27.5 million under the Concierge Facility. Our Revolving Credit Facility bears interest equal to SOFR plus a margin of 1.50 . As of September 30, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. Based on the amounts outstanding, a 100-basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates over a twelve-month period would not result in a material change to our interest expense. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 As our operations in India have been limited, and we do not maintain a significant balance of foreign currency, we do not currently face significant risk with respect to foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information relating to legal proceedings contained in Note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 We are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, future results, and the trading price of our common stock. You should read carefully the information appearing in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our 2023 Form 10-K. However, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 From July 1, 2024 through November 1, 2024, we offered, sold and issued the following unregistered securities: 
 (1) As previously disclosed in Form 4s filed with the SEC, Robert Reffkin, our founder and Chief Executive Officer, exchanged an aggregate of 3,578,850 shares of Class C common stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock pursuant to an Equity Exchange Right Agreement on August 13, 2024, August 19, 2024, August 26, 2024 and September 13, 2024. 
 (2) An aggregate of 941,394 shares of Class A common stock were issued on July 10, 2024 to the sellers in connection with an acquisition (the Acquisition previously disclosed in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended on March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, in the aggregate amount of 3.9 million. Additionally, in connection with the Acquisition, we agreed to issue additional shares of Class A common stock with respect to the earnout payments, which will be determined based on Adjusted EBITDA as set forth in the relevant agreement. We currently estimate to issue no more than an additional 3.1 million shares, with the shares being issued over the course of three years following each earnout payment measurement period. We reserved the right to pay such earnout payments in cash instead of shares. 
 The offer, sale and issuance of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D promulgated thereunder) as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with the view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Index Incorporated by Reference Filed or 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing 
 Date 
 10.1 Chief Executive Officer Agreement between the Company and Robert Reffkin, dated as of October 29, 2024. 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). X 
 ____________ 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 COMPASS, INC. Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: /s/ Robert Reffkin Robert Reffkin Chairman, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: /s/ Kalani Reelitz 
 Kalani Reelitz Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 i 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 comp-20240930x10qex101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 FORFEITURE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 Consistent with oral agreements made on December 22, 2023, between A) the Board of Directors of Compass, Inc. (the Company ), based upon a recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board, and in consultation with the independent compensation consultant retained by the Compensation Committee, Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC and B) the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Robert Reffkin Reffkin ), 
 
 Reffkin hereby acknowledges that, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, that as of December 22, 2023 he has forfeited both 1) that certain grant of Restricted Stock Units RSUs representing 861,181 shares of the Class A Common Stock (pre-10 for 1 split) dated March 12, 2020 and 2) that certain grant of RSUs representing an additional 861,181 shares of the Class A Common Stock (pre-10 for 1 split) dated January 25, 2021. 
 AGREED & ACKNOWLEDGED 

s Robert Reffkin_______________ October 29th, 2024 ______ 
 Robert Reffkin Date 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 comp-20240930x10qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Reffkin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Compass, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Robert Reffkin Robert Reffkin Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 comp-20240930x10qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kalani Reelitz , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Compass, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Kalani Reelitz 
 Kalani Reelitz 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 comp-20240930x10qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Reffkin, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer of Compass, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition, and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Robert Reffkin 
 Robert Reffkin Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 comp-20240930x10qex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kalani Reelitz, Chief Financial Officer of Compass, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition, and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 By s Kalani Reelitz 
 Kalani Reelitz 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 comp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 comp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 comp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 comp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 comp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

