<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1980088_0001628280-24-047202.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7266547</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125808</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1313033</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2348406</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1862570</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1485712</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047202.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112163020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047202
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001980088
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41849
		FILM NUMBER:		241448865

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 WIRELESS WAY, SUITE 300
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(405) 252-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 WIRELESS WAY, SUITE 300
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047202.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 mnr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mnr-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The registrant had common units outstanding as of November 8, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I - Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital and Members Equity 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 Part II - Other Information 
 40 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 40 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 40 
 Signatures 
 42 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 DEFINITIONS 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Net income before (1) interest expense, net, (2) depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense, (3) unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, (4) equity-based compensation expense, (5) credit losses, and (6) (gain) loss on sale of assets. 
 Basin . A large natural depression on the earth s surface in which sediments generally brought by water accumulate. 
 Bbl . One stock tank barrel, of 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or NGL. 
 Bbtu . One billion Btu. 
 Bcf . Billion cubic feet. 
 BCE or Sponsor . Investment funds managed by Bayou City Energy Management LLC and affiliates thereof. 
 BCE-Mach . BCE-Mach LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 BCE-Mach Credit Facility . The reserve-based revolving credit facility that BCE-Mach entered into on September 2, 2022 with a syndicate of banks, including MidFirst Bank who serves as sole book runner and lead arranger, maturing in September 2026. 
 BCE-Mach II . BCE-Mach II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 BCE-Mach II Credit Facility . The reserve-based revolving credit facility that BCE-Mach II entered into with a syndicate of banks, including East West Bank, who serves as sole book runner and lead arranger. 
 BCE-Mach III or Predecessor . BCE-Mach III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 BCE-Mach III Credit Facility . The reserve-based revolving credit facility that the Predecessor entered into with a syndicate of banks, including MidFirst Bank, who serves as administrative agent and issuing bank. 
 BCE-Mach Aggregator . BCE-Mach Aggregator LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Boe . One barrel of oil equivalent, converting natural gas to oil at the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of oil. 
 British Thermal Unit or Btu . The quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. 
 Code . Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Completion . The process of treating a drilled well followed by the installation of permanent equipment for the production of natural gas or oil, or in the case of a dry hole, the reporting of abandonment to the appropriate agency. 
 Credit Agreements . Together, the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Developed oil and gas reserves . Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered: (i) through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the related equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and (ii) through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 
 Field . An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition. The field name refers to the surface area, although it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations. For a complete definition of field, refer to the SEC s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(15). 
 Formation . A layer of rock which has distinct characteristics that differs from nearby rock. 
 Holdco . Mach Natural Resources Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Intermediate . Mach Natural Resources Intermediate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Lease operating expense or LOE. The expenses of lifting oil or natural gas from a producing formation to the surface, constituting part of the current operating expenses of a working interest, and also including labor, superintendence, 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 supplies, repairs, short-lived assets, maintenance, allocated overhead costs, workover, ad valorem taxes, insurance and other expenses incidental to production, but excluding lease acquisition or drilling or completion expenses. 
 Mach Companies . Collectively refers to BCE-Mach, BCE-Mach II, and BCE-Mach III. 
 Mach Companies Class B Units . Class B Units of the Mach Companies. 
 Mach Resources . Mach Resources LLC. 
 MBbl . One thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs. 
 MBoe . One thousand Boe. 
 MBoe/d . One thousand Boe per day. 
 Mcf . One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 MMBtu . One million Btu. 
 MMcf . One million cubic feet of natural gas. 
 NGL . Hydrocarbons found in natural gas which may be extracted as liquefied petroleum gas and natural gasoline. 
 Net acres. The percentage of total acres or wells an owner has out of a particular number of acres, or a specified tract. An owner who has a 50 interest in 100 acres owns 50 net acres. 
 November 2023 Credit Facility . Refers to the reserve-based revolving credit facility entered into by Holdco and MidFirst Bank on November 10, 2023. 
 NYMEX . The New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 OPEC + . Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. 
 Partnership agreement . The Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mach Natural Resources LP. 
 Pre-IPO Credit Facilities . Collectively refers to the BCE-Mach Credit Facility, the BCE-Mach II Credit Facility and the BCE-Mach III Credit Facility. 
 Proved reserves . Proved oil and natural gas reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. For a complete definition of proved crude oil and natural gas reserves, refer to the SEC s Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a)(22). 
 Proved undeveloped reserves or PUD . Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Undrilled locations can be classified as having proved undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that such locations are scheduled to be drilled within five years unless specific circumstances justify a longer time. 
 PV-10 . When used with respect to oil and natural gas reserves, PV-10 represents the present value of estimated future cash inflows from proved oil and gas reserves, less future development and production costs, discounted at 10 per annum to reflect the timing of future cash flows. Calculation of PV-10 does not give effect to derivatives transactions. Our PV-10 has historically been computed on the same basis as our Standardized Measure, the most comparable measure under GAAP. PV-10 is not a financial measure calculated or presented in accordance with GAAP and generally differs from Standardized Measure, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, because it does not include the effects of either well abandonment costs or income taxes on future net revenues. Neither PV-10 nor Standardized Measure represents an estimate of the fair market value of our oil and natural gas properties. We and others in the industry use PV-10 as a measure to compare the relative size and value of proved reserves held by companies without regard to the specific tax characteristics of such entities. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 Recompletion . The process of re-entering an existing wellbore that is either producing or not producing and completing reservoirs in an attempt to establish or increase existing production. 
 Reservoir . A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or natural gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs. 
 Revolving Credit Agreement . Refers to the senior secured revolving credit agreement, dated as of December 28, 2023, among the Company, the lenders party thereto, and MidFirst Bank as administrative agent. 
 Standardized Measure . Standardized Measure is our standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows, which is prepared using assumptions required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Such assumptions include the use of 12-month average prices for oil and gas, based on the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period, and year end costs for estimated future development and production expenditures to produce year-end estimated proved reserves. Discounted future net cash flows are calculated using a 10 rate. No provision is included for federal income taxes since our future net cash flows are not subject to taxation. However, our operations are subject to the Texas franchise tax. Estimated well abandonment costs, net of salvage values, are deducted from the standardized measure using year-end costs and discounted at the 10 rate. The standardized measure does not represent management s estimate of our future cash flows or the value of proved oil and natural gas reserves. Probable and possible reserves, which may become proved in the future, are excluded from the calculations. Furthermore, prices used to determine the standardized measure are influenced by supply and demand as effected by recent economic conditions as well as other factors and may not be the most representative in estimating future revenues or reserve data. 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement . Refers to the senior secured term loan credit agreement, dated as of December 28, 2023, among the Company, the lenders party thereto, Texas Capital Bank, as agent, and Chambers Energy Management, LP, as the arranger. 
 
 Wellbore . The hole drilled by the bit that is equipped for oil and natural gas production on a completed well. Also called well or borehole. 
 Working interest . The right granted to the lessee of a property to explore for and to produce and own oil and natural gas or other minerals. The working interest owners bear the exploration, development, and operating costs on either a cash, penalty, or carried basis. 
 Workover . Operations on a producing well to restore or increase production. 
 WTI . West Texas Intermediate. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains or incorporates by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report, words such as may, assume, forecast, could, should, will, plan, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project, budget and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current belief, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events at the time such statement was made. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 Forward-looking statements may include statements about: 
 our business strategy; 
 our estimated proved reserves; 
 our ability to distribute cash available for distribution and achieve or maintain certain financial and operational metrics; 
 our drilling prospects, inventories, projects and programs; 
 general economic conditions; 
 actions taken by OPEC + as it pertains to the global supply and demand of, and prices for, oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 our ability to replace the reserves we produce through drilling and property acquisitions; 
 our financial strategy, leverage, liquidity and capital required for our development program; 
 our pending legal or environmental matters; 
 our realized oil and natural gas prices; 
 the timing and amount of our future production of natural gas; 
 our hedging strategy and results; 
 our competition and government regulations; 
 our ability to obtain permits and governmental approvals; 
 our marketing of natural gas; 
 our leasehold or business acquisitions; 
 our costs of developing our properties; 
 credit markets; 
 our decline rates of our oil and natural gas properties; 
 uncertainty regarding our future operating results; and 
 our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this Quarterly Report that are not historical. 
 We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, incident to the exploration for and development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL. We disclose important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations as described under Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statement include: 
 commodity price volatility; 
 v 

Table of Contents 

the impact of epidemics, outbreaks or other public health events, and the related effects on financial markets, worldwide economic activity and our operations; 
 uncertainties about our estimated oil, natural gas and NGL reserves, including the impact of commodity price declines on the economic producibility of such reserves, and in projecting future rates of production; 
 the concentration of our operations in the Anadarko Basin; 
 difficult and adverse conditions in the domestic and global capital and credit markets; 
 lack of transportation and storage capacity as a result of oversupply, government regulations or other factors; 
 lack of availability of drilling and production equipment and services; 
 potential financial losses or earnings reductions resulting from our commodity price risk management program or any inability to manage our commodity risks; 
 failure to realize expected value creation from property acquisitions and trades; 
 access to capital and the timing of development expenditures; 
 environmental, weather, drilling and other operating risks; 
 regulatory changes, including potential shut-ins or production curtailments mandated by the Railroad Commission of Texas, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission, and/or the Kansas Corporation Commission; 
 competition in the oil and natural gas industry; 
 loss of production and leasehold rights due to mechanical failure or depletion of wells and our inability to re-establish their production; 
 our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 any downgrades in our credit ratings that could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital; 
 cost inflation; 
 political and economic conditions and events in foreign oil and natural gas producing countries, including embargoes, continued hostilities in the Middle East and other sustained military campaigns, the war in Ukraine and associated economic sanctions on Russia, conditions in South America, Central America, China and Russia, and acts of terrorism or sabotage; 
 evolving cybersecurity risks such as those involving unauthorized access, denial-of-service attacks, malicious software, data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or other with authorized access, cyber or phishing-attacks, ransomware, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions; and 
 risks related to our ability to expand our business, including through the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel. 
 Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reservoir engineers. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and development drilling. Accordingly, our reserve and PV-10 estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs that are ultimately recovered. 
 Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 
 All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 
 Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report. 

vi 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable joint interest and other, net Accounts receivable oil, gas, and NGL sales 
 Short-term derivative assets 
 Inventories 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Oil and natural gas properties, using the full cost method: 
 Proved oil and natural gas properties 
 Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 ) ) Oil and natural gas properties, net 
 Other property, plant and equipment 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Other property, plant and equipment, net 
 Long-term derivative assets 
 Other assets 
 Operating lease assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accounts payable related party 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Revenue payable 
 Short-term derivative liabilities 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Asset retirement obligations 
 Long-term derivative liabilities Long-term portion of operating leases 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 Total liabilities and partners capital 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except per common unit data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 
 Oil, natural gas, and NGL sales 
 Gain (loss) on oil and natural gas derivatives 
 ) ) Midstream revenue 
 Product sales 
 Total revenues 
 Operating expenses 
 Gathering and processing 
 Lease operating expense 
 Production taxes 
 Midstream operating expense 
 Cost of product sales 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion oil and natural gas 
 Depreciation and amortization other 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative - related party 
 Total operating expenses 
 Income from operations 
 Other (expense) income 
 Interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net 
 ) ) Total other expense 
 ) ) ) ) Net income 
 Net income per common unit: Basic Diluted Weighted average common units outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS CAPITAL AND MEMBERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 Predecessor Mach Natural Resources LP Members Equity Common Units Partners Capital Total Partners Capital and Members Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Net income Distributions to members ) ) Equity compensation Balance at March 31, 2023 Net income Distributions to members ) ) Equity compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 Net income Distributions to members ) ) Contributions Equity compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income Distributions to unitholders ) ) Equity compensation Balance at March 31, 2024 Net income Distributions to unitholders ) ) Equity compensation Withholding taxes paid on vesting of phantom units ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Net income Distributions to unitholders ) ) Equity compensation Common units issued in the public offering, net of underwriting fees and offering expenses Balance at September 30, 2024 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion Loss (gain) on derivative instruments ) Cash receipts (payments) on settlement of derivative contracts, net Debt issuance costs amortization Equity based compensation Credit losses (Gain) loss on sale of assets ) ) Settlement of asset retirement obligations ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities (decreasing) increasing cash: Accounts receivable ) Revenue payable Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures for oil and natural gas properties ) ) Capital expenditures for other property and equipment ) ) Acquisition of assets ) ) Proceeds from sales of oil and natural gas properties Proceeds from sales of other property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from public offering, net of offering costs 
 Repayments of borrowings on term note ) Proceeds from borrowings on credit facility Distributions to unitholders ) Distributions to members ) Contributions from members Withholding taxes paid on vesting of phantom units ) Payment of other financing fees ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 1. 
 
 of their membership interests in the Mach Companies for a pro rata allocation of of the limited partner interests in the Company to effectuate a merger of such entities into the Company with BCE-Mach III determined as the accounting acquirer, (b) the Company contributed of its membership interests in the Mach Companies to Intermediate in exchange for of the membership interests in Intermediate, and (c) Intermediate contributed of its membership interests in the Mach Companies to Holdco in exchange for of the membership interests in Holdco. 
 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On October 27, 2023, the Company completed the Offering of common units at a price of per unit to the public. The sale of Company s common units resulted in gross proceeds of million to the Company and net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting fees and offering expenses. The material terms of the Offering are described in the Company s final prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on October 26, 2023, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 The Company used million of the proceeds to pay down the existing credit facilities of its operating subsidiaries (the Pre-IPO Credit Facilities and million of the proceeds to purchase common units from the existing common unit owners on a pro rata basis. After giving effect to the Offering and the transactions related thereto, the Company had common units issued and outstanding. 
 
 2. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Our historical financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflects BCE-Mach III LLC, the accounting predecessor of Mach Natural Resources LP. 
 Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom, the fair value determination of acquired assets and liabilities assumed in business combinations and the fair value estimates of commodity derivatives. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million and million, respectively, and the credit losses related to sales of oil and natural gas were not material. 
 
 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The average depletion rate per barrel equivalent unit of productio n was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for oil and natural gas properties was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for oil and natural gas properties was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Under the full cost method, capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization, may not exceed the full cost ceiling at the end of each reporting period. The ceiling is calculated based on the present value of estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves, discounted at 10 . The estimated future net revenues exclude future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations included in the net book value of oil and natural gas properties. Estimated future net cash flows are calculated using the preceding 12-months average price based on closing prices on the first day of each month. The net book value is compared to the ceiling limitation on a quarterly basis. The excess, if any, of the net book value above the ceiling limitation is charged to expense in the period in which it occurs and is not subsequently reinstated. The ceiling limitation computation is determined without regard to income taxes due to the Internal Revenue Service recognition of the Company as a flow-through entity. impairments on proved oil and natural gas properties were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until the Company has made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment. The Company assesses properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had no properties excluded from the full cost pool. 
 Sales of oil and natural gas properties being amortized are accounted for as adjustments to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized, unless the adjustments would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved oil, natural gas, and NGL reserves. A significant alteration would not ordinarily be expected to occur upon the sale of reserves involving less than 25 of the proved reserve quantities of a cost center. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 years. Depreciation expense for other property and equipment wa s million a nd million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense for other property and equipment wa s million a nd million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 impairment of other property and equipment was recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 million, net of accumulated amortization of million as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, other assets include capitalized costs related to the Revolving Credit Agreement of million, net of accumulated amortization of million. These costs are being amortized over the terms of the related credit agreements and are reported as interest expense on the Company s statement of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had unamortized debt issuance costs and discount of million and million, respectively, in relation to the term loan. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Liabilities assumed in acquisitions Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Liabilities revised Accretion expense Asset retirement obligation at end of period 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Concentrations 
 The Company is subject to risk resulting from the concentration of its crude oil and natural gas sales and receivables with several significant purchasers. 
 Shell Oil Company ONEOK Hydrocarbon L.P. NextEra Energy Marketing LLC 
 __________ 
 Purchaser did not account for greater than 10 of oil, natural gas, and NGL sales for the period. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

of our total joint interest receivables. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had three customers that represented approximately , , and of our total joint interest receivables. 
 Revenue Disaggregation 
 Natural gas NGL Gross oil, natural gas, and NGL sales Transportation, gathering and marketing ) ) Net oil, natural gas, and NGL sales 
 See Note 13 for additional information on the Company s EPU. 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions: Change in accrued capital expenditures ) Asset retirement cost capitalized Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Change in accrued distributions ) Change in accrued offering costs 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

3. 
 million in cash, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments (the Western Kansas Acquisition ). The transaction closed on September 25, 2024. This purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the fair value of acquired assets could be allocated to a single identified asset group of proved oil and natural gas properties. 
 Other property and equipment 
 Other assets 
 Revenue suspense 
 ) Asset retirement obligations assumed 
 ) Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed 
 
 Cash paid to acquire the assets as of September 30, 2024 was million, inclusive of capitalized transaction costs of million. 
 Paloma Partners IV, LLC 
 On November 10, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the Paloma PSA with Paloma Partners IV, LLC pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase certain interests in oil and gas properties, rights and related assets located in Blaine, Caddo, Canadian, Custer, Dewey, Grady, Kingfisher and McClain Counties, Oklahoma (the Paloma Assets ). 
 
 On December 28, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of the Paloma Assets (the Paloma Acquisition in accordance with the terms of the Paloma PSA for a purchase price of approximately in cash. The Company utilized borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Agreement to fund the Paloma Acquisition. 
 The Paloma Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the gross fair value of the Paloma Assets was concentrated in proved oil and natural gas properties, which were considered to be a group of similar identifiable assets. The table below reflects the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

) (a) Capitalized transaction costs (a) Less: purchase price adjustment receivable ) (a) Total acquisition consideration ) Assets acquired: Accounts receivable Inventories Proved oil and natural gas properties (a) Total assets to be acquired Liabilities assumed: Revenue payable (a) Asset retirement obligations Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired ) 
 a. Adjustment reflects additional accounting data received and processed subsequent to the acquisition date. The initial purchase price allocation considered available data at the time of disclosure. 
 BCE-Mach LLC and BCE-Mach II LLC 
 On October 25, 2023, as part of the Corporate Reorganization, the Existing Owners contributed all of their equity interests in BCE-Mach, BCE-Mach II and BCE-Mach III to the Company in exchange for of the limited partnership interests in the Company to effectuate the acquisition. While there was a high degree of common ownership, the Mach Companies were not under common control for financial reporting purposes. BCE-Mach III LLC has been identified as the accounting acquirer of BCE-Mach and BCE-Mach II which have been accounted for as business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Offering price of common units Total acquisition consideration 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Accounts receivable Other current assets Proved oil and natural gas properties Other long-term assets Total assets to be acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Revenue payable Other current liabilities Long-term debt Asset retirement obligations Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Proved properties were valued using an income approach based on underlying reserves projections as of the acquisition date. The income approach is considered a Level 3 fair value estimate and includes significant assumptions of future production, commodity prices, operating and capital cost estimates, the weighted average cost of capital for industry peers, which represents the discount factor, and risk adjustment factors based on reserve category. Price assumptions were based on observable market pricing, adjusted for historical differentials, while cost estimates were based on current observable costs inflated based on historical and expected future inflation. 
 Hinkle Oil and Gas, Inc. 
 On June 28, 2023, the Company executed a purchase and sale agreement with Hinkle Oil and Gas, Inc. for the sale of certain oil and gas properties in Oklahoma for million, subject to certain customary adjustments. The transaction closed on August 11, 2023. This purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the fair value of acquired assets could be allocated to a single identified asset group of proved oil and natural gas properties. 
 Divestitures 
 On June 26, 2024, the Company executed a purchase and sale agreement to sell certain acreage not attributable to the Company s proved developed reserves. The proceeds from the sale were approximately million, and were applied as a credit against the full cost pool with no gain or loss recognized. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 4. 
 Accumulated depreciation and depletion ) ) Oil and natural gas properties, net Other property and equipment Gas gathering system Gas processing plants Water disposal assets Other assets Total other property and equipment Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization ) ) Total other property and equipment, net 
 
 5. 
 Capital expenditures Payroll costs Severance and other tax Midstream shipper payable General, administrative, and other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 6. 
 million, (ii) a maturity date of December 31, 2026 and (iii) an interest rate equal to the three-month SOFR plus plus a credit spread adjustment equal to , provided that the three-month SOFR will not be less than . The Term Loan Credit Agreement includes customary covenants, mandatory repayments and events of default of financings of this type. Mandatory repayments of principal of million, million, and million are due in the years 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million and million of outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, respectively, and the Company was compliant with all debt covenants. The effective interest rate as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was a nd , respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million, with maximum commitments currently equal to million, (ii) a maturity date of December 28, 2026 and (iii) an interest rate equal to the one, three, or six month SOFR, at the Company s election, plus a credit spread adjustment equal to , , or , respectively, in each case, plus , provided that the applicable tenor SOFR will not be less than . The Revolving Credit Agreement includes customary covenants, mandatory repayments and events of default of financings of this type. The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on the average daily unused portion of the current aggregate commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Company used borrowings from the Term Loan Credit Agreement, together with cash on hand, to repay the November 2023 Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Revolving Credit Agreement was undrawn, and there were million in outstanding letters of credit, which reduce the amount available to borrow under the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the first amendment (the Term Loan First Amendment to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, which provided for an increase to aggregate commitments of million. The Term Loan First Amendment has since terminated in accordance with its terms with no increase in commitments realized. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company also entered into the first amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement in order to permit the increase to commitments under the Term Loan First Amendment. Such amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement remains in effect as of the date hereof though no such increase to commitments was realized. 
 We have not guaranteed the debt or obligations of any other party, nor do we have any other arrangements or relationships with other entities that could potentially result in consolidated debt or losses. 
 
 7. 
 2025 Through June 2026 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 2025 Through June 2026 
 Balance Sheet Presentation. The Company has master netting agreements with all of its derivative counterparties and presents its derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty on a net basis on the balance sheet. 
 
 Netting arrangements 
 Derivative contracts current, net 
 Derivative contracts long-term, gross 
 Netting arrangements 
 ) Derivative contracts long-term, net 
 
 The following table presents the gross amounts of recognized derivative liabilities, the amounts that are subject to offsetting under master netting arrangements and the net recorded fair values as recognized on the balance sheet (in thousands): 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Derivative contracts current, gross 
 ) Netting arrangements 
 Derivative contracts current, net 
 ) Derivative contracts long-term, gross 
 ) Netting arrangements 
 Derivative contracts long-term, net 
 ) 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 ) ) ) Settlements of natural gas derivatives MTM gains (losses) on oil derivatives, net 
 ) ) MTM (losses) on natural gas derivatives, net ) ) ) Total gains (losses) on oil and natural gas derivatives ) ) 
 
 8. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Liabilities: 
 Commodity derivative instruments 
 ) ) As of December 31, 2023 Assets: 
 Commodity derivative instruments 
 
 Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 The Company determines the estimated fair value of its asset retirement obligations by calculating the present value of estimated cash flows related to plugging and abandonment liabilities using Level 3 inputs. The significant inputs used to calculate such liabilities include estimates of costs to be incurred, the Company s credit adjusted discount rates, inflation rates and estimated dates of abandonment. The asset retirement liability is accreted to its present value each period and the capitalized asset retirement cost is depleted with proved oil and natural gas properties using the unit of production method. 
 Business Combinations 
 Proved properties acquired as a result of business combinations were valued using an income approach based on underlying reserves projections as of the acquisition date. The income approach is considered a Level 3 fair value estimate and includes significant assumptions of future production, commodity prices, operating and capital cost estimates, the weighted average cost of capital for industry peers, which represents the discount factor, and risk adjustment factors based on reserve category. Price assumptions were based on observable market pricing, adjusted for historical differentials, while cost estimates were based on current observable costs inflated based on historical and expected future inflation. 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, revenue payable, accrued interest payable, and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 The carrying amount of the Company s Credit Agreements approximate fair value, as the current borrowing base rate does not materially differ from market rates of similar borrowings. 
 
 9. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 days of the vesting of a Time-Based Phantom Unit, the employee will receive a common unit of the Company. Each Time-Based Phantom Unit was granted with a corresponding distribution equivalent right DER ), which entitles the employee to receive a payment equal to the total distributions paid by the Company in respect of a common unit of the Company during the time the applicable phantom unit is outstanding. Payment of a DER occurs when its corresponding phantom unit vests, and in the event such phantom unit is forfeited, the corresponding DER is also forfeited. 
 Time-Based Phantom Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Performance Phantom Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested at December 31, 2023 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested at March 31, 2024 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at June 30, 2024 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 Total non-cash compensation cost related to the Time-Based Phantom Units was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to Time-Based Phantom Units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 The Company has awarded performance based phantom units Performance Phantom Units to certain of its executive officers under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The number of shares of common units issued pursuant to each Performance Phantom Unit award agreement will be from to of the target number of Performance Phantom Units thereunder based on a combination of the Company's (i) total shareholder return TSR ), (ii) relative total shareholder return RTSR compared to the TSR of the companies in the Company s designated peer group, and (iii) total recordable incident rate TRIR ), in each case, for the applicable performance period. The Performance Phantom Unit awards are broken into categories: long-term performance units, which have a performance period of January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026, and short-term performance units, which are broken into three separate tranches with performance periods from January 1 to December 31 for the years 2024, 2025 and 2026. Performance Phantom Units vest based on the achievement of the applicable performance metrics at the end of the applicable performance period, subject generally to the applicable executive officer s continued employment through such performance period. Within days of the vesting of a Performance Phantom Unit, the executive officer will receive a common unit of the Company. Each Performance Phantom Unit was granted with a corresponding DER. The grant date fair values of the Performance Phantom Units were determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and are being recorded ratably from the grant date to the end of the applicable performance period. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 years Risk-free interest rate Implied equity volatility Unit price on date of grant 
 Total non-cash compensation cost related to the Performance Phantom Units was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to Performance Phantom Units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Predecessor Grants 
 As part of the Predecessor s amended and restated LLC agreement as of March 25, 2021, incentive units (Class B Units) were issued to certain employees of Mach Resources as compensation for services to be rendered to the Predecessor. In determining the appropriate accounting treatment, the Predecessor considered the characteristics of the awards in terms of treatment as stock-based compensation. 
 The incentive units were subject to graded vesting over a period of approximately or years (subject to accelerated vesting, as defined by the incentive unit agreement) and a holder of incentive units would forfeit unvested incentive units upon ceasing to be an employee of Mach Resources, excluding limited exceptions. Holders of incentive units were able to participate in distributions upon the Predecessor meeting a certain requisite financial internal rate of return threshold as defined in the Predecessor s amended LLC agreement. 
 Determination of the fair value of the awards requires judgements and estimates regarding, among other things, the appropriate methodologies to follow in valuing the award and the related inputs required by those valuation methodologies. For Predecessor awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2021, the fair value underlying the compensation expense was estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following primary assumptions: 
 expected volatility based on the historical volatilities of similar sized companies that most closely represent the Predecessor s business of ; 
 year expected term determined by management based on experience with similarly organized company and expectation of a future sale of the business; and 
 a risk-free rate based on a U.S Treasury yield curve of . 
 On March 25, 2021, all authorized incentive units were granted. Total non-cash compensation cost related to the incentive units was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Vested ) Unvested at March 31, 2023 Vested Unvested at June 30, 2023 Vested Unvested at September 30, 2023 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 10. 
 million in accrued liabilities pertaining to these matters. Management does not expect that the impact of such matters will have a materially adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Environmental Matters. The Company is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws, which are often changing, regulate the discharge of materials into the environment and may require the Company to remove or mitigate the environmental effects of the disposal or release of petroleum or chemical substances at various sites. 
 The Company accounts for environmental contingencies in accordance with the accounting guidance related to accounting for contingencies. Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations, which do not contribute to current or future revenue generation, are expensed. Liabilities are recorded when environmental assessments and/or clean-ups are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. 
 NGL Sales and Gas Transportation Commitments. The Company is party to a NGL sales contract, which includes certain NGL volume commitments in the event the Company elects not to reduce its committed quantity, at its option. To the extent the Company does not deliver NGL volumes in sufficient quantities to meet the commitment and does not elect to reduce its committed quantity, it would be required to pay a deficiency fee. The Company is currently delivering at least the minimum volumes. Additionally, the Company has natural gas firm transportation agreements terminating in 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred approximately million and million, respectively, of transportation charges under these agreements. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred approximately million and million, respectively, of transportation charges under these agreements. Total remaining obligations under these contracts were approximately million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Contributions to 401(k) Plan. The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan under which eligible employees may contribute a portion of their total compensation up to the maximum pre-tax threshold through salary deferrals. The plan provides a company match on of salary deferrals that do not exceed of compensation. The Company contributed million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company contributed million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 . These leases have various expiration dates throughout 2028. The vehicles are used for field operations and leased from third parties. The Company recognizes right-of-use asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with lease terms of greater than one year. Short-term leases that have an initial term of one year or less are not capitalized. 
 Discount Rate 
 As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company s incremental borrowing rate reflects the estimated rate of interest that it would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term as of September 30, 2024 was years. The weighted-average discount rate used to determine the operating lease liability as of September 30, 2024 was . 

12. 
 common units to the Existing Owners. See Note 3 for additional information on the merger transactions related to the acquisitions of BCE-Mach and BCE-Mach II. On October 27, 2023, the Company completed the Offering and issued common units to public unitholders. Contemporaneously, the Company used a portion of the proceeds from the Offering to repurchase common units from certain Existing Owners. 
 On September 9, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of common units at a price of per common unit. On September 24, 2024, the underwriters of the public offering partially exercised their option to purchase an additional common units at a price to the public of per common unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The sale of the Company s common units resulted in gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million, after deducting underwriting fees and offering expenses. Proceeds from the offering were used to fund acquisitions, including the Western Kansas Acquisition and the Ardmore Basin Acquisition (as defined below). 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and common units outstanding, respectively. 
 Cash distributions to the Company s unitholders were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Members Equity 
 Members equity of the Predecessor initially consisted of a single class of common interests, that were all owned by BCE-Mach Intermediate Holdings III LLC. On March 25, 2021, per the Predecessor s amended and restated LLC agreement and the Class A-2 Issuance Agreement, the Predecessor issued Class A-1 Units to its initial member, and Class A-2 Units to an employee of Mach Resources for services performed for the Predecessor. Additional Class A-2 Units were granted to the employee on a quarterly basis throughout 2021 for a total of Class A-2 Units granted, which have substantially all the same rights as the initial member. As part of a long-term incentive plan for certain employees, Class B Units were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023. The Class B Units represented a non-voting interest in the Company that allowed the holder to participate in distributions once the Predecessor s Class A units met a certain requisite financial internal rate of return in accordance with the Predecessor s LLC agreement. See Note 9 for additional information on equity grants by the Predecessor. All of the equity interests in the Predecessor were exchanged for common units of the Company as part of the Corporate Reorganization. 
 Cash distributions to the Predecessor s members were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Contributions from the Company s predecessor members were million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 13. 
 million phantom units and million phantom units that were considered dilutive for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, there were thousand phantom units and thousand phantom units that were considered antidilutive for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and thus excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common unit below. 
 Weighted-average common units outstanding - basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average common units outstanding - diluted 
 Earnings per common unit - basic Earnings per common unit - diluted 
 
 14. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 MACH NATURAL RESOURCES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 million and (ii) reimburse Mach Resources for the costs and expenses of the Services provided. On a monthly basis, the Company distributes funding to Mach Resources for performance under the MSAs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company paid Mach Resources million (inclusive of million in management fees presented as general and administrative expense - related party in the statement of operations) and million (inclusive of million as management fees presented in general and administrative expense - related party in the statement of operations), respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company paid Mach Resources million (inclusive of million in management fees presented as general and administrative expense - related party in the statement of operations) and million (inclusive of million as management fees presented in general and administrative expense - related party in the statement of operations), respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owed million and million, respectively, to Mach Resources, presented as accounts payable - related party. 
 
 15. 
 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments (the Ardmore Basin Acquisition ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had paid a deposit of million which is included in other assets on the Company s balance sheet. The transaction closed on October 1, 2024. The purchase is expected to be accounted for as an asset acquisition, based on a preliminary review of the assets acquired. 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of these financial statements to ensure that any subsequent events that met the criteria for recognition and disclosure in this Quarterly Report have been properly included. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide the reader of the financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect the Company s operating results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report and also with Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The following information updates the discussion of our financial condition provided in our previous filings, and analyzes the changes in the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance, which may affect our future operating results and financial position. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Actual results and the timing of the events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, market prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, production volumes, estimates of proved reserves, capital expenditures, economic, inflationary and competitive conditions, drilling results, regulatory changes and other uncertainties, as well as those factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, particularly under Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, all of which are difficult to predict. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 
 Overview 
 We are an independent upstream oil and gas company focused on the acquisition, development and production of oil, natural gas and NGL reserves in the Anadarko Basin region of Western Oklahoma, Southern Kansas and the panhandle of Texas. 
 Within our operating areas, our assets are prospective for multiple formations, most notably the Oswego, Woodford, Meramec/Osage and Mississippi Lime formations. Our experience in the Anadarko Basin and these formations allows us to generate significant cash available for distribution from these low declining assets in a variety of commodity price environments. We also own an extensive portfolio of complementary midstream assets that are integrated with our upstream operations. These assets include gathering systems, processing plants and water infrastructure. Our midstream assets enhance the value of our properties by allowing us to optimize pricing, increase flow assurance and eliminate third-party costs and inefficiencies. In addition, our owned midstream systems generate third-party revenue. 
 
 Market Outlook 
 Our financial results depend on many factors, particularly commodity prices and our ability to find, develop and market our production on economically attractive terms. Commodity prices are affected by many factors outside of our control, including changes in market supply and demand. The oil and natural gas industry is cyclical and commodity prices are highly volatile and we expect continued and increased pricing volatility in the crude oil and natural gas markets. Regional and worldwide economic activity, including any economic downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur in the future, extreme weather conditions and other substantially variable factors, influence market conditions for these products. Between January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024, NYMEX WTI prices for crude oil ranged from 65.75 to 93.68 per Bbl, and the NYMEX Henry Hub price of natural gas ranged from 1.58 to 4.17 per MMBtu. The war in Ukraine, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions, concerns about a potential economic downturn or recession, and instability in the financial sector have contributed to recent economic and pricing volatility and may continue to impact pricing throughout 2024. 
 Further, although inflation in the United States had been relatively low for many years, there was a significant increase in inflation beginning in the second half of 2021, which continued into 2023, due to a substantial increase in the money supply, a stimulative fiscal policy, a significant rebound in consumer demand as COVID-19 restrictions were relaxed, the Russia-Ukraine war and worldwide supply chain disruptions resulting from the economic contraction caused by COVID-19 and lockdowns followed by a rapid recovery. We cannot predict the future inflation rate but to the extent inflation remains elevated, we may experience cost increases in our operations, including costs for drill rigs, workover rigs, tubulars and other well equipment, as well as increased labor costs. We continue to evaluate actions to mitigate supply chain and inflationary pressures and work closely with other suppliers and contractors to ensure availability of supplies on site, especially fuel, steel and chemical supplies which are critical to many of our operations. However, these mitigation efforts may not succeed or may be insufficient. Further, if we are unable to recover higher costs through higher commodity 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 prices, our current revenue stream, estimates of future reserves, borrowing base calculations, impairment assessments of oil and natural gas properties, and values of properties in purchase and sale transactions would all be significantly impacted. 
 
 How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 We use a variety of financial and operational metrics to assess the performance of our operations, including the following sources of our revenue, principal components of our cost structure and other financial metrics: 
 production volumes; 
 realized prices on the sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 LOE; 
 Adjusted EBITDA; and 
 cash available for distribution. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Future Results of Operations to Our Historical Results of Operations 
 Our future results of operations may not be comparable to our historical results of operations for the periods presented, primarily for the reasons described below. 
 Acquisitions 
 We completed acquisitions on December 28, 2023 and September 25, 2024 for approximately 815 million and 38 million, respectively, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. These acquisitions are reflected in our results of operations as of and after the date of completion of such acquisitions. As a result, periods prior to such acquisitions will not contain the results of such acquired assets which will affect the comparability of our results of operations for certain historical periods. 
 Corporate Reorganization 
 The historical consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report are of our Predecessor for periods prior to the Corporate Reorganization, and of the Company for periods after the Corporate Reorganization. Our historical financial data presented herein does not present what our actual performance results would have been on a combined basis for the full fiscal period presented. 
 Public Company Expenses 
 Upon the completion of our initial public offering, we incurred and expect to continue to incur incremental non-recurring costs related to our transition to a publicly traded partnership, including the costs of our initial public offering and the costs associated with the initial implementation of our internal control implementation and testing. We also expect to incur additional significant and recurring expenses as a publicly traded partnership, including costs associated with the employment of additional personnel, compliance under the Exchange Act, annual and quarterly reports to unitholders, tax return and Schedule K-1 preparation, independent auditor fees, investor relations activities, registrar and transfer agent fees, incremental director and officer liability insurance costs and independent director compensation. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenue 
 The following table provides the components of our revenue, net of transportation and marketing costs for the periods indicated, as well as each period s respective average realized prices and net production volumes. Some totals and changes throughout the below section may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent Revenues: Oil 126,347 113,112 13,235 12 Natural gas 41,532 36,489 5,043 14 Natural gas liquids 41,286 17,105 24,181 141 Total oil, natural gas, and NGL sales 209,165 166,706 42,459 25 Gain (loss) on oil and natural gas derivatives, net 33,684 (4,900) 38,584 787 Midstream revenue 5,889 6,683 (794) (12 Product sales 6,798 6,900 (102) (1 Total revenues 255,536 175,389 80,147 46 Average Sales Price: Oil /Bbl) 74.55 81.31 (6.76) (8 Natural gas /Mcf) 1.73 2.51 (0.78) (31 NGL /Bbl) 22.61 23.37 (0.76) (3 Total /Boe) before effects of realized derivatives 27.79 36.69 (8.90) (24 Total /Boe) after effects of realized derivatives 26.92 35.98 (9.06) (25 Net Production Volumes: Oil (MBbl) 1,695 1,391 304 22 Natural gas (MMcf) 24,028 14,527 9,501 65 NGL (MBbl) 1,826 732 1,094 149 Total (MBoe) 7,526 4,544 2,982 66 Average daily total volumes (MBoe/d) 81.80 49.39 32.41 66 
 
 Revenue and Other Operating Income 
 Oil, natural gas and NGL sales 
 
 Revenues from oil, natural gas and NGL sales increased 42.5 million, or 25 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily related to production increases as a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023 and slightly offset with decreases to the average selling price of oil, natural gas and NGLs. 
 Production 
 
 Production increased 2,982 MBoe, or 66 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization which added approximately 3,948 MBoe, offset by natural declines on existing wells. 
 Oil and Natural Gas Derivatives 
 For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, we had realized gains on derivative instruments of 6.6 million and unrealized gains of 27.1 million for total gains of 33.7 million. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, we had realized losses on derivative instruments of 3.2 million and unrealized losses of 1.7 million for total losses of 4.9 million. The increase in realized gains is primarily from an increase in realized gains of 7.6 million associated with 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 our gas derivatives and a decrease in realized losses from our oil derivatives of 2.2 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 Midstream Revenue 
 
 Midstream revenue decreased 0.8 million, or 12 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower non-operated volumes running through our midstream facilities and lower gathering revenue for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 Product Sales 
 Product sales decreased 0.1 million, or 1 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower non-operated volumes running through our midstream facilities. These decreases corresponded with the decrease in our cost of product sales noted below. 
 Operating expenses 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the periods indicated and includes a presentation of certain expenses on a per Boe basis, as we use this information to evaluate our performance relative to our peers and to identify and measure trends we believe may require additional analysis: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent Operating Expenses: Gathering and processing expense 23,587 7,962 15,625 196 Lease operating expense 44,029 28,879 15,150 52 Production taxes 9,784 7,660 2,124 28 Midstream operating expense 2,607 2,725 (118) (4 Cost of product sales 5,833 6,024 (191) (3 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense oil and natural gas 63,262 31,277 31,985 102 Depreciation and amortization expense other 2,315 1,758 557 32 General and administrative 9,385 5,360 4,025 75 Total operating expenses 160,802 91,645 69,157 75 Operating Expenses /Boe): Gathering and processing expense 3.13 1.75 1.38 79 Lease operating expense 5.85 6.36 (0.51) (8 Production taxes of oil, natural gas and NGL sales) 4.7 4.6 0.1 2 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense oil and natural gas 8.41 6.88 1.53 22 Depreciation and amortization expense other 0.31 0.39 (0.08) (21 General and administrative 1.25 1.18 0.07 6 
 Gathering and processing expense 
 
 Gathering and processing expense increased 15.6 million, or 196 , and 1.38 per Boe, or 79 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the Corporate Reorganization in 2023, as BCE-Mach has higher gathering and processing costs per BOE than the predecessor. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Lease operating expense 
 
 Lease operating expense increased 15.2 million, or 52 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, as a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023. Lease operating expenses per Boe decreased by 0.51 primarily a result of the lower cost profiles of acquired properties from 2023, and the increase in production from acquired properties. 
 Production taxes 
 
 Production taxes increased 2.1 million, or 28 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily a result of increased production and revenue from acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023. 
 Midstream operating expense 
 
 Midstream operating expense decreased 0.1 million, or 4 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 Cost of product sales 
 
 Cost of product sales decreased 0.2 million, or 3 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were consistent with the decrease in product sales noted above. 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense - oil and natural gas 
 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense for oil and natural gas properties increased by 32.0 million, or 102 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023 that increased the amortization base. 
 General and administrative costs 
 
 General and administrative costs increased 4.0 million, or 75 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase in general and administrative costs was primarily a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenue 
 The following table provides the components of our revenue, net of transportation and marketing costs for the periods indicated, as well as each period s respective average realized prices and net production volumes. Some totals and changes throughout the below section may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent Revenues: Oil 421,757 321,427 100,330 31 Natural gas 138,050 106,069 31,981 30 Natural gas liquids 136,137 51,823 84,314 163 Total oil, natural gas, and NGL sales 695,944 479,319 216,625 45 Gain (loss) on oil and natural gas derivatives, net (219) 10,842 (11,061) (102 Midstream revenue 18,549 20,001 (1,452) (7 Product sales 20,411 24,321 (3,910) (16 Total revenues 734,685 534,483 200,202 37 Average Sales Price: Oil /Bbl) 77.09 77.42 (0.33) NM (1) 
 Natural gas /Mcf) 1.81 2.54 (0.73) (29 NGL /Bbl) 24.43 24.62 (0.19) (1 Total /Boe) before effects of realized derivatives 29.30 36.30 (7.00) (19 Total /Boe) after effects of realized derivatives 29.54 36.63 (7.09) (19 Net Production Volumes: Oil (MBbl) 5,471 4,151 1,320 32 Natural gas (MMcf) 76,260 41,685 34,575 83 NGL (MBbl) 5,573 2,105 3,468 165 Total (MBoe) 23,754 13,204 10,550 80 Average daily total volumes (MBoe/d) 86.69 48.37 38.32 79 
 (1) Not Meaningful 
 Revenue and Other Operating Income 
 Oil, natural gas and NGL sales 
 Revenues from oil, natural gas and NGL sales increased 216.6 million, or 45 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily related to production increases as a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023, slightly offset with decreases in the average selling price of oil, natural gas and NGLs. 
 Production 
 
 Production increased 10,550 MBoe, or 80 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization which added approximately 12,562 MBoe, offset by natural declines on existing wells. 
 Oil and Natural Gas Derivatives 
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, we had realized gains on derivative instruments of 5.8 million and unrealized losses of 6.0 million for total losses of 0.2 million. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, we had realized gains on derivative instruments of 4.3 million and unrealized gains of 6.5 million for total gains of 10.8 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million. The increase in net realized gains is primarily from a decrease in realized losses of 2.5 million associated with our oil derivatives in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The change in unrealized gains (losses) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, is primarily due to new derivatives added in conjunction with the closing of acquisitions subsequent to September 30, 2023. 
 Midstream Revenue 
 
 Midstream revenue decreased 1.5 million, or 7 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower non-operated volumes running through our midstream facilities for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 Product Sales 
 Product sales decreased 3.9 million, or 16 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily a result of decreases in non-operated production resulting in lower overall product sales and the decrease in the average selling price of natural gas and NGLs. These decreases corresponded with the decrease in our cost of product sales noted below. 
 Operating expenses 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the periods indicated and includes a presentation of certain expenses on a per Boe basis, as we use this information to evaluate our performance relative to our peers and to identify and measure trends we believe may require additional analysis: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent Operating Expenses: Gathering and processing expense 79,360 25,472 53,888 212 Lease operating expense 131,286 89,494 41,792 47 Production taxes 33,838 23,186 10,652 46 Midstream operating expense 7,782 8,263 (481) (6 Cost of product sales 17,719 21,599 (3,880) (18 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense oil and natural gas 194,453 89,372 105,081 118 Depreciation and amortization expense other 6,655 4,551 2,104 46 General and administrative 31,131 15,265 15,866 104 Total operating expenses 502,224 277,202 225,022 81 Operating Expenses /Boe): Gathering and processing expense 3.34 1.93 1.41 73 Lease operating expense 5.53 6.78 (1.25) (18 Production taxes of oil, natural gas and NGL sales) 4.9 4.8 0.1 2 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense oil and natural gas 8.19 6.77 1.42 21 Depreciation and amortization expense other 0.28 0.34 (0.06) (18 General and administrative 1.31 1.16 0.15 13 
 Gathering and processing expense 
 
 Gathering and processing expense increased 53.9 million, or 212 , and 1.41 per Boe, or 73 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the Corporate Reorganization in 2023, as BCE-Mach has higher gathering and processing costs per Boe than the predecessor. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Lease operating expense 
 
 Lease operating expense increased 41.8 million, or 47 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, as a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023. Lease operating expenses per Boe decreased by 1.25, primarily a result of the lower cost profiles of acquired properties from 2023, and the increase in production from acquired properties. 
 Production taxes 
 
 Production taxes increased 10.7 million, or 46 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily a result of increased production and revenue from acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023. 
 Midstream operating expense 
 
 Midstream operating expense decreased 0.5 million, or 6 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, which is in line with the decrease in associated midstream revenue. 
 Cost of product sales 
 
 Cost of product sales decreased 3.9 million, or 18 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily a result of decreases in non-operated production resulting in lower overall cost of product sales and the decrease in the average selling price of natural gas and NGLs. These decreases were consistent with the decrease in product sales noted above. 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense - oil and natural gas 
 
 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense for oil and natural gas properties increased by 105.1 million, or 118 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023 that increased the amortization base. 
 General and administrative costs 
 
 General and administrative costs increased 15.9 million, or 104 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase in general and administrative costs was primarily a result of acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity and capital are cash flows generated by operating activities, borrowings under the Credit Agreements, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and debt. Outstanding borrowings under our Credit Agreements were 783.8 million at September 30, 2024, and the remaining availability under our Credit Agreements was 70.0 million at September 30, 2024. 
 We may need to utilize the public equity or debt markets and bank financings to fund future acquisitions or capital expenditures, but the price at which our common units will trade could be diminished as a result of the limited voting rights of unitholders. We expect to be able to issue additional equity and debt securities from time to time as market conditions allow to facilitate future acquisitions. Our ability to finance our operations, including funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, to meet our indebtedness obligations or to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including commodity prices, particularly for oil and natural gas, and our ongoing efforts to manage operating costs and maintenance capital expenditures, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, weather and other factors. 
 Our partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of our cash on hand at the end of each quarter, less reserves established by our general partner, which we refer to as available cash. Our quarterly cash distributions may vary from quarter to quarter as a direct result of variations in the performance of our business, including those caused by fluctuations 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 in commodity prices. Any such variations may be significant, and as a result, we may pay limited or even no cash distributions to our unitholders. 
 Historically, our business plan has focused on acquiring and then exploiting the development and production of our assets. We spent approximately 178.9 million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 on development costs and our budget for 2024 is between 215.0 million and 240.0 million. For purposes of calculating our cash available for distribution, we define development costs as all of our capital expenditures, other than acquisitions. Our development efforts and capital for 2024 is anticipated to focus on drilling Oswego and Woodford wells. 
 During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, we spent approximately 143.6 million on drilling and completion activities and related equipment and spud 40.1 net wells while bringing online 43.3 net wells, 26.1 million on remedial workovers and other capital projects, and 9.2 million on midstream and other property and equipment capital projects. 
 Our 2024 capital expenditures program is largely discretionary and within our control. We could choose to defer a portion of these planned 2024 capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, including acid to be used for our acid stimulation completion, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other working interest owners. A deferral of planned capital expenditures, particularly with respect to drilling and completing new wells, could result in a reduction in anticipated production and cash flows and reduce our cash available for distribution to unitholders. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 371,631 381,967 Net cash used in investing activities (179,275) (277,893) Net cash used in financing activities (160,615) (74,754) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 10.3 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily a result of decreases in working capital of 34.9 million, offset with an increase in income from acquisitions and the Corporate Reorganization in 2023. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 98.6 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities is primarily a result of decreases in capital expenditures on oil and gas properties of 89.1 million due to decreased drilling and completion activities in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, the Company had an increase in cash used in acquisitions of 26.6 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, the Company had an increase of 35.7 million in proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, primarily from the sale of non-producing acreage. 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased 85.9 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net cash used in financing activities is primarily due to a 145.8 million increase in distributions paid and a 41.3 million increase in repayments of borrowings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. These increases in cash used in financing activities were partially offset by an increase in cash provided related to the Company s 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 public offering that was completed in September 2024, which provided cash of 129.8 million after underwriters commissions and offering costs. 
 Debt Agreements 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement and Revolving Credit Agreement 
 On December 28, 2023, the Company entered into (i) the Term Loan Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto, Texas Capital Bank, as agent, and Chambers Energy Management, LP, as the arranger, and (ii) the Revolving Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and MidFirst Bank as the agent. 
 Loans advanced to the Company under the Term Loan Credit Agreement are secured by a first-priority security interest on substantially all of our assets. The Term Loan Credit Agreement has (i) an aggregate principal amount of 825.0 million, (ii) a maturity date of December 31, 2026 and (iii) an interest rate equal to the three-month SOFR plus 6.50 plus a credit spread adjustment equal to 0.15 , provided that the three-month SOFR will not be less than 3.00 . As of September 30, 2024, mandatory repayments of principal of 20.6 million, 82.5 million, and 680.6 million are due in the year 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively. The Term Loan Credit Agreement includes customary covenants, mandatory repayments and events of default of financings of this type. 
 Loans advanced to the Company under the Revolving Credit Agreement are secured by a super-priority security interest on substantially all of our assets. The Revolving Credit Agreement has (i) a maximum available principal amount of 75.0 million, (ii) a maturity date of December 28, 2026 and (iii) an interest rate equal to one, three, or six month SOFR, at the Company s election, plus a credit spread adjustment equal to 0.10 , 0.15 or 0.25 , respectively, in each case, plus 3.00 , provided that the applicable tenor SOFR will not be less than 3.50 . The Revolving Credit Agreement includes customary covenants, mandatory repayments and events of default of financings of this type. The Company used borrowings from the Term Loan Credit Agreement, together with cash on hand, to repay the November 2023 Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Revolving Credit Agreement was undrawn, and there was 5.0 million in outstanding letters of credit. 
 We have not guaranteed the debt or obligations of any other party, nor do we have any other arrangements or relationships with other entities that could potentially result in consolidated debt or losses. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We are a party to firm transportation contracts for the transport of natural gas. We paid approximately 0.6 million and 2.7 million in firm transportation contracts for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and expect to pay approximately 1.4 million in firm transportation contracts through 2025. For further information on firm transportation contracts, see Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Operating lease obligations 
 Our operating lease obligations include long-term lease payments for office space, vehicles, equipment related to exploration, development and production activities. We paid approximately 9.5 million and 2.5 million in operating lease payments for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and expect to pay approximately 11.9 million in operating lease payments through 2028. For further information on our operating lease obligations, see Note 11 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We include in this Quarterly Report the supplemental non-GAAP financial performance measure Adjusted EBITDA and provide our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, our most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before (1) interest expense, net, (2) depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion, (3) unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, (4) equity-based compensation expense, (5) credit losses, and (6) (gain) loss on sale of assets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is used as a supplemental financial performance measure by our management and by external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders, rating agencies and others, to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and our results of operation from period to period and against our peers without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis. We exclude the items listed above from net income in 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 arriving at Adjusted EBITDA because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income as determined in accordance with GAAP or as indicators of our operating performance. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital and tax burden, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are reflected in Adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by unusual items. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDA may not be identical to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 Cash Available for Distribution 
 Cash available for distribution is not a measure of net income or net cash flow provided by or used in operating activities as determined by GAAP. Cash available for distribution is a supplemental non-GAAP financial performance measure used by our management and by external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders, rating agencies and others, to assess our ability to internally fund our exploration and development activities, pay distributions, and to service or incur additional debt. We define cash available for distribution as net income less (1) interest expense, net, (2) depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion, (3) unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments, (4) equity-based compensation expense, (5) credit losses, (6) (gain) loss on sale of assets, (7) settlement of asset retirement obligations, (8) cash interest expense, net (9) development costs, and (10) change in accrued realized derivative settlements. Development costs include all of our capital expenditures, other than acquisitions. Cash available for distribution will not reflect changes in working capital balances. Cash available for distribution is not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income or net cash provided by or used in operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP or as indicators of our financial performance and liquidity. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to cash available for distribution are net income and net cash provided by operating activities. Cash available for distribution should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income or net cash provided by operating activities. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of GAAP Financial Measures to Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Available for Distribution 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA: Net income 67,444 83,485 148,662 252,988 Interest expense, net 25,598 1,667 76,550 4,962 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 65,577 33,035 201,108 93,923 Unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments (27,118) 1,678 5,981 (6,534) Equity-based compensation expense 1,267 647 4,749 1,941 Credit losses 1,243 1,890 Gain on sale of assets (40) (349) (1) Adjusted EBITDA 133,971 120,512 438,591 347,279 Net Income Reconciliation to Cash Available for Distribution: Net income 67,444 83,485 148,662 252,988 Interest expense, net 25,598 1,667 76,550 4,962 Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 65,577 33,035 201,108 93,923 Unrealized (gain) loss on derivative instruments (27,118) 1,678 5,981 (6,534) Equity-based compensation expense 1,267 647 4,749 1,941 Credit losses 1,243 1,890 Gain on sale of assets (40) (349) (1) Settlement of asset retirement obligations (258) (366) (676) (445) Cash interest expense, net (23,571) (1,636) (71,029) (4,730) Development costs (52,922) (66,052) (178,909) (258,944) Change in accrued realized derivative settlements (5,663) 1,183 (1,475) 899 Cash available for distribution 51,557 53,641 186,502 84,059 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Reconciliation to Cash Available for Distribution: Net cash provided by operating activities 110,847 106,822 371,631 381,967 Changes in operating assets and liabilities (6,368) 12,871 (6,220) (38,964) Development costs (52,922) (66,052) (178,909) (258,944) Cash available for distribution 51,557 53,641 186,502 84,059 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates are disclosed in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023. No modifications have been made during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates as described below. The primary objective of the following information is to provide quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity Price Risk 
 Oil and gas revenue 
 Our revenue and cash flow from operations are subject to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of commodity prices. Commodity prices are affected by many factors outside of our control, including changes in market supply and demand, which are impacted by global economic factors, pipeline capacity constraints, inventory levels, basis differentials, weather conditions and other factors. Commodity prices have long been volatile and unpredictable, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future. 
 There can be no assurance that commodity prices will not be subject to continued wide fluctuations in the future. A substantial or extended decline in such prices could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and quantities of oil and gas reserves that may be economically produced, which could result in impairments of our oil and natural gas properties. 
 Commodity derivative activities 
 To reduce the impact of fluctuations of commodity prices on our total revenue and other operating income, we have historically used, and we expect to continue to use, commodity derivative instruments, primarily swaps, to hedge price risk associated with a portion of our anticipated production. Our hedging instruments allow us to reduce, but not eliminate the potential effects of the variability in cash flow from operations due to fluctuations in commodity prices and provide increased certainty of cash flows for funding our drilling program and debt service requirements. These instruments provide only partial price protection against declines in prices and may partially limit our potential gains from future increases in prices. We do not enter derivative contracts for speculative trading purposes. The Pre-IPO Credit Facilities contain or contained, and the Credit Agreements contain, various covenants and restrictive provisions which, among other things, limit our ability to enter into commodity price hedges exceeding a certain percentage of production. 
 Our hedging activities are intended to support oil and natural gas prices at targeted levels and manage our exposure to natural gas price volatility. Under swap contracts, the counterparty is required to make a payment to us for the difference between the swap price specified in the contract and the settlement price, which is based on market prices on the settlement date, if the settlement price is below the swap price. We are required to make a payment to the counterparty for the difference between the swap price and the settlement price if the swap price is below the settlement price. See Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements for further information on our open derivative positions and valuation as of September 30, 2024. 
 Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk 
 By using derivative instruments to hedge exposures to changes in commodity prices, we expose ourselves to the credit risk of our counterparties. Credit risk is the potential failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of a contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty is expected to owe us, which creates credit risk. To minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments, it is our policy to enter into derivative contracts only with counterparties that are creditworthy financial institutions deemed by management as competent and competitive market makers. The creditworthiness of our counterparties is subject to periodic review. As of September 30, 2024, we had derivative instruments in place with three different counterparties. We believe our counterparties currently represent acceptable credit risks. We are not required to provide credit support or collateral to our counterparties under current contracts, nor are they required to provide credit support or collateral to us. 
 Substantially all of our revenue and receivables result from oil and gas sales to third parties operating in the oil and gas industry. Our receivables also include amounts owed by joint interest owners in the properties we operate. Both our purchasers and joint interest partners have recently experienced the impact of significant commodity price volatility as discussed above under Commodity Price Risk Oil and Gas Revenue. This concentration of customers and joint interest owners may impact our overall credit risk in that these entities may be similarly affected by changes in commodity prices and economic and other conditions. In the case of joint interest owners, we often have the ability to withhold future revenue disbursements to recover non-payment of joint interest billings. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Variable rate debt 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 783.8 million of debt outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. Borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement bore an effective interest rate of 13.0 as of September 30, 2024. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Assuming no change in the amount outstanding, the impact on interest expense of a 1 (or 100 basis points) increase or decrease in the assumed weighted average interest rate on our variable interest debt would be approximately 8.0 million per year based on our borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2024. 
 Interest rate derivative activities 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any derivative arrangements to protect against fluctuations in interest rates applicable to our outstanding indebtedness, but we may enter into such derivative arrangements in the future. To the extent we enter into any such interest rate derivative arrangement, we would be subject to risk for financial loss. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed and effective to ensure that information required to be included in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business including, but not limited to, title disputes, royalty disputes, contract claims, personal injury claims and employment claims. See Note 10 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this report for information regarding our estimation and provision for potential losses related to litigation and regulatory proceedings. 
 The Company, as an owner and operator of oil and gas properties, is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to discharge of materials into, and protection of, the environment. These laws and regulations may, among other things, impose liability on the lessee under an oil and gas lease for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations and subject the lessee to liability for pollution damages. In some instances, the Company may be directed to suspend or cease operations in the affected area. The Company maintains insurance coverage that is customary in the industry, although the Company is not fully insured against all environmental risks. 
 The Company is not aware of any environmental claims existing as of September 30, 2024. There can be no assurance, however, that current regulatory requirements will not change, or past non-compliance with environmental issues will not be discovered on the Company s oil and gas properties. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s Risk Factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023. For a detailed discussion of the risks that affect our business, please refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , none of our directors or officers (as such term is defined in Rule 16(a)-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Mach Natural Resources LP, effective as of May 26, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-274662) filed with the SEC on September 22, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mach Natural Resources LP, dated as of October 27, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2023) 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Mach Natural Resources GP, LLC, dated as of October 27, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 7, 2023) 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 3.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mach Natural Resources LP, dated as of June 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2024) 
 10.1 Form of Mach Natural Resources LP 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024) 
 10.2 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, among Mach Natural Resources LP, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Texas Capital Bank, as the administrative agent, and Chambers Energy Management, LP, as the loan commitment arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2024) 
 10.3 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, among Mach Natural Resources LP, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and MidFirst Bank, as the administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 ____________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Certain of the schedules and exhibits to the agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Mach Natural Resources LP By: Mach Natural Resources GP LLC, its general partner Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Kevin R. White Name: Kevin R. White Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Tom L. Ward, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mach Natural Resources LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Reserved 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s Tom L. Ward Tom L. Ward Chief Executive Officer Mach Natural Resources GP, LLC, its general partner 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Kevin R. White, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mach Natural Resources LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Reserved 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s Kevin R. White Kevin R. White Chief Financial Officer Mach Natural Resources GP, LLC, its general partner 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-certificationof.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mach Natural Resources LP (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Tom L. Ward Tom L. Ward Chief Executive Officer Mach Natural Resources GP, LLC, its general partner 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-certificationof.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mach Natural Resources LP (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Kevin R. White Kevin R. White Chief Financial Officer Mach Natural Resources GP, LLC, its general partner 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mnr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mnr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mnr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mnr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mnr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

