<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1336917_0001336917-24-000168.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12196889</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>851805</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2011183</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4752246</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2263369</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2046143</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001336917-24-000168.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107165158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001336917-24-000168
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Under Armour, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001336917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				521990078
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33202
		FILM NUMBER:		241436773

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1020 HULL STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-454-6758

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1020 HULL STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001336917-24-000168.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ua-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ua-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________ 
 Form 
 ______________________________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 ______________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of each class) (Trading Symbols) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024 there were shares of Class A Common Stock, shares of Class B Convertible Common Stock and shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Six Months Ended Septem ber 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 P ART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited; In thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net (Note 3) 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net Total current assets Property and equipment, net (Note 4) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 5) 
 Goodwill (Note 6) 
 Intangible assets, net (Note 7) 
 Deferred income taxes (Note 18) 
 Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt (Note 9) 
 Accounts payable Accrued expenses Customer refund liabilities (Note 12) 
 Operating lease liabilities (Note 5) 
 Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current maturities (Note 9) 
 Operating lease liabilities, non-current (Note 5) 
 Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity (Note 11) 
 Class A Common Stock, 1/3 par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (March 31, 2024: 
 Class B Convertible Common Stock, 1/3 par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 
 Class C Common Stock, 1/3 par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (March 31, 2024: 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited; In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues (Note 12) 
 Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring charges (Note 13) 
 Income (loss) from operations ) Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) (Note 18) 
 ) Income (loss) from equity method investments ) Net income (loss) ) Basic net income (loss) per share of Class A, B and C common stock (Note 19) 
 ) Diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A, B and C common stock (Note 19) 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Class A, B and C common stock Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited; In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit (expense) of and ), for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and ) for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) Gain (loss) on intra-entity foreign currency transactions ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (Unaudited; In thousands) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Convertible Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Shares withheld in consideration of employee tax obligations relative to stock-based compensation arrangements ) ) ) Excise tax on repurchases of common stock ) ) Class C Common Stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock, net of forfeitures Issuance of Class C Common Stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation expense Comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) Shares withheld in consideration of employee tax obligations relative to stock-based compensation arrangements ) ) ) Excise tax on repurchases of common stock ) ) Class C Common Stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock, net of forfeitures Issuance of Class C Common Stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation expense Comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (Unaudited; In thousands) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Convertible Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Shares withheld in consideration of employee tax obligations relative to stock-based compensation arrangements ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock, net of forfeitures Issuance of Class C Common Stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation expense Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) Shares withheld in consideration of employee tax obligations relative to stock-based compensation arrangements ) ) ) Excise tax on repurchases of common stock ) ) Class C Common Stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock, net of forfeitures Issuance of Class C Common Stock, net of forfeitures Stock-based compensation expense Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited; In thousands) Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation and amortization Unrealized foreign currency exchange rate (gain) loss ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Non-cash restructuring and impairment charges Amortization of bond premium and debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in reserves and allowances ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Other non-current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Customer refund liabilities ) Income taxes payable and receivable ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Sale of MyFitnessPal platform Sale of MapMyFitness platform Purchase of UNLESS COLLECTIVE, Inc, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Common shares repurchased ) ) Repayment of long-term debt ) Employee taxes paid for shares withheld for income taxes ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and other stock issuances Payments of debt financing costs ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period End of period Non-cash investing and financing activities Change in accrual for property and equipment ) 
 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See accompanying notes. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Under Armour, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited; Tabular amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1. 
 Revisions to previously issued financial statements 
 As previously disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024, the Company identified and corrected certain accounting errors. Using the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, ASC Topic 250-S99-1, Assessing Materiality, and ASC Topic 250-S99-2, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements, the Company evaluated whether its previously issued consolidated financial statements were materially misstated due to these errors. Based upon the evaluation of both quantitative and qualitative factors, the Company concluded that the effects of these errors were not material individually or in the aggregate to any previously reported quarterly or annual period. However, the Company revised its previously issued annual consolidated financial statements to correct these errors. See Note 1 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024 for additional details. 
 The following tables set forth the Company s revisions to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 and unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been revised to reflect these corrections. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Cost of goods sold ) Gross profit ) Selling, general and administrative expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income (loss) from equity method investments ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Basic net income (loss) per share ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per share ) ) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation and amortization ) Unrealized foreign currency exchange rate (gain) loss Loss on disposal of property and equipment Amortization of bond premium and debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in reserves and allowances Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Customer refund liability ) ) Income taxes payable and receivable ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Sale of MyFitnessPal platform Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period ) End of period ) 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024. 

NOTE 2. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3. 
 Increases to costs and expenses Write-offs, net of recoveries ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

NOTE 4. 
 Furniture, fixtures and displays Buildings Software Office equipment Plant equipment Land Construction in progress (1) 
 Other Subtotal property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 (1) Construction in progress primarily includes costs incurred for construction of corporate offices, leasehold improvements and in-store fixtures and displays not yet placed in use. 
 
 Depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). 

NOTE 5. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Variable lease costs 
 As previously disclosed, historically, variable lease costs primarily consisted of lease payments dependent on sales in Brand and Factory House stores. Prior period amounts, included in the table above, have been revised to also include other non-lease components payable to the lessor. Additionally, certain amounts previously disclosed as operating lease costs in error have been corrected to be classified as variable lease costs. This presentation change did not affect total lease related costs recorded within the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company subleases certain excess office facilities and warehouse space to third parties. Sublease income for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 was not material. 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 The following table presents supplemental information relating to cash flow arising from lease transactions: Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating cash outflows from operating leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Maturity of Lease Liabilities 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Total present value of lease liabilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has additional operating lease obligations that have not yet commenced of approximately million, which are not reflected in the table above. This amount includes approximately million relating to an agreement entered into during Fiscal 2024 with a new third-party logistics provider to operate a distribution center in the Netherlands, which has been assessed as containing a lease and is expected to commence in February 2026. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 
 Purchase of UNLESS COLLECTIVE, Inc (1) 
 Effect of currency translation adjustment Balance as of September 30, 2024 

NOTE 7. 
 - 
 ) Lease-related intangible assets - 
 ) Total ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Intangible assets, net 
 
 Useful Lives from Date of Acquisitions (in years) As of March 31, 2024 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Intangible assets subject to amortization: Customer relationships - 
 ) Lease-related intangible assets - 
 ) Total ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). 
 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total amortization expense of intangible assets 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8. 
 million as of September 30, 2024 (March 31, 2024: million). 

NOTE 9. 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Total principal payments due Unamortized debt discount on Senior Notes ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs - Convertible Senior Notes ) Unamortized debt issuance costs - Senior Notes ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs - Credit facility ) ) Total amount outstanding Less: Current portion of long-term debt: Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 
 Non-current portion of long-term debt 
 Credit Facility 
 On March 8, 2019, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders and arrangers party thereto (the "credit agreement"). In July 2024, the Company entered into the fifth amendment to the credit agreement (the credit agreement as amended, the "amended credit agreement" or the "revolving credit facility"). The amended credit agreement provides for an aggregate billion of revolving credit commitments comprised of tranches: (i) one tranche of million that has a term that ends on December 3, 2026, and (ii) a second tranche of billion that has a term that ends on December 3, 2027, in each case with permitted extensions under certain circumstances. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, there were amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 
 At the Company's request and a lender's consent, commitments under the amended credit agreement may be increased by up to million in aggregate, subject to certain conditions as set forth in the amended credit agreement. Incremental borrowings are uncommitted and the availability thereof will depend on market conditions at the time the Company seeks to incur such borrowings. 
 Borrowings, if any, under the revolving credit facility have maturities of less than . Up to million of the facility may be used for the issuance of letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, million of letters of credit were outstanding (March 31, 2024: million). 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.0 (the "interest coverage covenant") and the Company is not permitted to allow the ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA to be greater than to 1.0 (the "leverage covenant"), as described in more detail in the amended credit agreement. The Company was in compliance with the applicable covenants for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. In July 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the credit agreement to exclude from the definition of consolidated EBITDA certain charges related to the settlement of the Company's Class Action Securities litigation described in Note 10 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In addition, the amended credit agreement contains events of default that are customary for a facility of this nature, and includes a cross default provision whereby an event of default under other material indebtedness, as defined in the amended credit agreement, will be considered an event of default under the amended credit agreement. 
 The amended credit agreement implemented SOFR as the replacement for LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate for U.S. dollar borrowings (and analogous benchmark rate replacements for borrowings in Yen, Pound Sterling and Euro). Borrowings under the amended credit agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company's option, either (a) an alternate base rate (for borrowings in U.S. dollars), (b) a term rate (for borrowings in U.S. dollars, Euro or Japanese Yen) or (c) a "risk free" rate (for borrowings in U.S. dollars or Pounds Sterling), plus in each case an applicable margin. The applicable margin for loans will be adjusted by reference to a grid (the "pricing grid") based on the leverage ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA and ranges between to (or, in the case of alternate base loans, to ). The Company will also pay a commitment fee determined in accordance with the pricing grid on the average daily unused amount of the revolving credit facility and certain fees with respect to letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the commitment fee was basis points. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On June 1, 2024, the Company's previously outstanding million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 (the "Convertible Senior Notes") matured. The Convertible Senior Notes bore interest at the fixed rate of per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning December 1, 2020. Upon maturity, the Company repaid the million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes outstanding, plus million of accrued interest, using cash on hand. No holders exercised their rights to convert prior to maturity. 
 Senior Notes 
 In June 2016, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due June 15, 2026 (the "Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes bear interest at the fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 beginning December 15, 2016. The Company may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time, or from time to time, at redemption prices described in the indenture governing the Senior Notes. The indenture governing the Senior Notes contains negative covenants that limit the Company's ability to engage in certain transactions and are subject to material exceptions described in the indenture. The Company incurred and deferred million in financing costs in connection with the Senior Notes. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense, which includes amortization of deferred financing costs, bank fees, capital and built-to-suit lease interest and interest expense under the credit and other long-term debt facilities, was million and 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). 
 Maturity of Long-Term Debt 
 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total scheduled maturities of long-term debt Current maturities of long-term debt 

NOTE 10. 
 separate securities cases previously filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland (the "District Court") were consolidated under the caption In re Under Armour Securities Litigation, Case No. 17-cv-00388-RDB (the "Consolidated Securities Action"). On September 14, 2020, the District Court issued an order that, among other things, consolidated additional securities cases into the Consolidated Securities Action. 
 The operative complaint (the "TAC") in the Consolidated Securities Action was filed on October 14, 2020. The TAC asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), against the Company and Mr. Plank and under Section 20A of the Exchange Act against Mr. Plank. The TAC alleges that the defendants supposedly concealed purportedly declining consumer demand for certain of the Company's products between the third quarter of 2015 and the fourth quarter of 2016 by making allegedly false and misleading statements regarding the Company's performance and future prospects and by engaging in undisclosed and allegedly improper sales and accounting practices, including shifting sales between quarterly periods allegedly to appear healthier. The TAC also alleges that the defendants purportedly failed to disclose that the Company was under investigation by and cooperating with the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since July 2017. The class period identified in the TAC is September 16, 2015 through November 1, 2019. 
 On July 23, 2021, the Company and Mr. Plank filed an answer to the TAC denying all allegations of wrongdoing and asserting affirmative defenses to the claims asserted in the TAC. On December 1, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a motion seeking, among other things, certification of the class they are seeking to represent in the Consolidated Securities Action. On September 29, 2022, the District Court granted the plaintiffs' class certification motion. Discovery in the Consolidated Securities Action concluded on August 31, 2023. On October 2, 2023, the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million to the members of the class, which was funded using balance sheet cash together with million of insurance proceeds and was deposited by the Company into a settlement fund escrow in August 2024. In addition, the Company agreed to two additional, non-monetary provisions, specifically to continue to separate the roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer for a period of at least beginning on the date that the court order approving the settlement and dismissing the Consolidated Securities Action becomes final and non-appealable (the Three-Year Period ), and that all restricted stock or restricted stock units granted by the Company to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer during the Period include a performance-based vesting condition to be set by the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. In exchange, the plaintiffs and the Class will grant customary releases in favor of Defendants of all of their claims that were or could have been asserted in the Consolidated Securities Action. 
 On July 12, 2024, the parties executed a formal stipulation of settlement documenting the terms of the Settlement. On July 15, 2024, the plaintiffs filed an unopposed motion in the District Court seeking preliminary approval of the Settlement. On July 22, 2024, the District Court granted that motion and entered an order preliminarily approving the Settlement and scheduling a final approval hearing on November 7, 2024. On October 3, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a motion in the District Court seeking final approval of the Settlement. The deadline to file any objections to the Settlement was October 17, 2024, and that deadline passed without the filing of any such objections. On November 7, 2024, the District Court granted the plaintiffs motion for final approval of the Settlement. 
 By entering into the Settlement, the defendants in no way conceded or admitted liability for any of the claims that were or could have been asserted in the Consolidated Securities Action. The defendants expressly have denied and continue to deny each and all of the claims asserted in the Consolidated Securities Action, and entered into the Settlement to eliminate the uncertainty, risk, costs, and burdens inherent in any litigation, including the Consolidated Securities Action. 
 Consolidated Kenney Derivative Litigation 
 In June and July 2018, purported stockholder derivative complaints were filed in Maryland state court (in cases captioned Kenney v. Plank, et al. (filed June 29, 2018) and Luger v. Plank, et al. (filed July 26, 2018), respectively). The cases were consolidated on October 19, 2018 under the caption Kenney v. Plank, et. al. The consolidated complaint in the Kenney action names Mr. Plank, certain other current and former members of the Company's Board of Directors, certain former Company executives, and Sagamore Development Company, LLC ("Sagamore") as defendants, and names the Company as a nominal defendant. The consolidated complaint asserts breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and corporate waste claims against the individual defendants and asserts a claim against Sagamore for aiding and abetting certain of the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty. The consolidated complaint seeks damages on behalf of the Company and certain corporate governance related actions. 
 The consolidated complaint includes allegations challenging, among other things, the Company's disclosures related to growth and consumer demand for certain of the Company's products, as well as stock sales by certain individual defendants. The consolidated complaint also makes allegations related to the Company's 2016 purchase from entities controlled by Mr. Plank (through Sagamore) of certain parcels of land to accommodate the Company's growth needs, which was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors in accordance with the Company's policy on transactions with related persons. 
 On March 29, 2019, the court in the Kenney action granted the Company's and the defendants' motion to stay that case pending the outcome of both the Consolidated Securities Action and an earlier-filed derivative action asserting similar claims to those asserted in the Kenney action relating to the Company's purchase of parcels in the Baltimore Peninsula, an area of Baltimore previously referred to as Port Covington (which derivative action has since been dismissed in its entirety). 
 Prior to the filing of the derivative complaints in Kenney v. Plank, et al. and Luger v. Plank, et al., both of the purported stockholders had sent the Company's Board of Directors a letter demanding that the Company pursue claims similar to the claims asserted in the derivative complaints. Following an investigation, a majority of disinterested and independent directors of the Company determined that the claims should not be pursued by the Company and both of these purported stockholders were informed of that determination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 additional purported shareholder derivative complaints were filed in Maryland state court, in cases captioned Cordell v. Plank, et al. (filed August 11, 2020) and Salo v. Plank, et al. (filed October 21, 2020), respectively. 
 Prior to the filing of the derivative complaints in these actions, neither of the purported stockholders made a demand that the Company's Board of Directors pursue the claims asserted in the complaints. In October 2021, the court issued an order (i) consolidating the Cordell and Salo actions with the consolidated Kenney action into a single consolidated derivative action (the "Consolidated Kenney Derivative Action"); (ii) designating the Kenney action as the lead case; and (iii) specifying that the scheduling order in the Kenney action shall control the Consolidated Kenney Derivative Action. 
 On October 27, 2023, an additional purported stockholder derivative complaint was filed in Maryland state court by purported stockholders, in a case captioned Viskovich, et al. v. Plank, et al. (the Viskovich Action ). Prior to the filing of this complaint, each of the purported stockholders had sent the Company's Board of Directors a letter demanding that the Company pursue claims similar to the claims asserted in the derivative complaint. Following an investigation, a majority of disinterested and independent directors of the Company determined that the claims should not be pursued by the Company and these purported stockholders were informed of that determination. On March 20, 2024, the court issued an order (i) consolidating the Viskovich Action into the Consolidated Kenney Derivative Action; (ii) designating the Kenney action as the lead case; and (iii) specifying that the scheduling order in the Kenney action shall control the Consolidated Kenney Derivative Action. The parties in the Consolidated Kenney Action and the Consolidated Paul Derivative Action (described below) have agreed to engage in private mediation in an effort to potentially resolve the claims in the actions. 
 The Company believes that the claims asserted in the Consolidated Kenney Derivative Action are without merit and intends to defend this matter vigorously. However, because of the inherent uncertainty as to the outcome of this proceeding, the Company is unable at this time to estimate the possible impact of the outcome of this matter. 
 Consolidated Paul Derivative Litigation 
 On January 27, 2021, the District Court entered an order consolidating for all purposes separate stockholder derivative cases that previously had been filed in the court. On February 2, 2023, the District Court issued an order appointing Balraj Paul and Anthony Viskovich as lead plaintiffs Derivative Lead Plaintiffs ), appointing counsel for the Derivative Lead Plaintiffs as lead counsel, and recaptioning the consolidated case as Paul et al. v. Plank et al. (the Consolidated Paul Derivative Action ). Prior to filing their derivative complaints, both of the Derivative Lead Plaintiffs had sent the Company's Board of Directors a letter demanding that the Company pursue claims similar to the claims asserted in the derivative complaints. Following an investigation, a majority of disinterested and independent directors of the Company determined that the claims should not be pursued by the Company, and the Derivative Lead Plaintiffs were informed of that determination. 
 On March 16, 2023, the District Court issued an order granting a motion for voluntary dismissal without prejudice that had been filed by the plaintiff in of the derivative cases who had not been appointed as a lead plaintiff. 
 On April 24, 2023, the Derivative Lead Plaintiffs designated an operative complaint in the Consolidated Paul Derivative Action. The operative complaint named Mr. Plank, certain other current and former members of the Company's Board of Directors, and certain other current and former Company executives as defendants, and named the Company as a nominal defendant. It asserted allegations similar to those in the TAC filed in the Consolidated Securities Action matter discussed above, including allegations challenging (i) the Company's disclosures related to growth and consumer demand for certain of the Company's products; (ii) the Company's practice of shifting sales between quarterly periods supposedly to appear healthier and its purported failure to disclose that practice; (iii) the Company's internal controls with respect to revenue recognition and inventory management; and (iv) the Company's supposed failure to timely disclose investigations by the SEC and DOJ. The operative complaint asserted breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment claims against the defendants and asserted a contribution claim against certain defendants. The operative complaint sought damages on behalf of the Company and also sought certain corporate governance related actions. 
 The Company and the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the operative complaint on June 23, 2023. The District Court granted that motion on September 27, 2023, dismissing the Consolidated Paul Derivative Action without prejudice, due to lack of subject matter jurisdiction. Following that decision, Viskovich, one of the Derivative Lead Plaintiffs, filed the above-referenced Viskovich Action in Maryland State Court. 
 The other Derivative Lead Plaintiff, Paul, filed a motion in the District Court seeking reconsideration of the dismissal decision or leave to amend the operative complaint. On January 9, 2024, the District Court entered an 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million of the insurance proceeds recognized as of September 30, 2024 remains subject to appeal by the insurance carriers. 
 From time to time, the Company s view regarding probability of loss with respect to outstanding legal proceedings will change, proceedings for which the Company is able to estimate a loss or range of loss will change, and the estimates themselves will change. In addition, while many matters presented in financial disclosures involve significant judgment and may be subject to significant uncertainties, estimates with respect to legal proceedings are subject to particular uncertainties. Other than as described above, the Company believes that all current proceedings are routine in nature and incidental to the conduct of its business. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 million shares and million shares, respectively, and each have a par value of 1/3 per share as of September 30, 2024. Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Convertible Common Stock have identical rights, including liquidation preferences, except that the holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote per share and holders of Class B Convertible Common Stock are entitled to votes per share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Class B Convertible Common Stock may only be held by Kevin Plank, the Company's founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, or a related party of Mr. Plank, as defined in the Company's charter. As a result, Mr. Plank has a majority voting control over the Company. Upon the transfer of shares of Class B Convertible Stock to a person other than Mr. Plank or a related party of Mr. Plank, the shares automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis. In addition, all of the outstanding shares of Class B Convertible Common Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis upon the death or disability of Mr. Plank or on the record date for any stockholders' meeting upon which the shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Convertible Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Plank is less than of the total shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Convertible Common Stock outstanding or upon the other events specified in the Class C Articles Supplementary to the 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million shares and has a par value of 1/3 per share as of September 30, 2024. The terms of the Class C Common Stock are substantially identical to those of the Company's Class A Common Stock, except that the Class C Common Stock has no voting rights (except in limited circumstances), will automatically convert into Class A Common Stock under certain circumstances and includes provisions intended to ensure equal treatment of Class C Common Stock and Class B Common Stock in certain corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations, statutory share exchanges, conversions or negotiated tender offers, and including consideration incidental to these transactions. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 15, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to million (exclusive of fees and commissions) of outstanding shares of the Company's Class C Common Stock through May 31, 2027. The Class C Common Stock may be repurchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market, through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, via private purchases through forward, derivative, accelerated share repurchase transactions or otherwise, subject to applicable regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing and timing. The timing and amount of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, the Company's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors. 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, pursuant to the previously disclosed accelerated share repurchase transaction that the Company entered into in May 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of Class C Common Stock, which were immediately retired. shares were repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and immediately retired million Class C Common Stock, under the Company's previously approved million share repurchase program which was completed in December 2023. shares were repurchased during the three months ended June 30, 2023. 

NOTE 12. 
 Footwear Accessories Net Sales License revenues Corporate Other ) ) Total net revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Wholesale Direct-to-consumer Net Sales License revenues Corporate Other ) ) Total net revenues 
 The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated customer returns, allowances, markdowns and discounts. These reserves are included within customer refund liability and the value of the inventory associated 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Inventory associated with reserves for sales returns 
 Contract Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities are recorded when a customer pays consideration, or the Company has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the transfer of a good or service to the customer, and thus represent the Company's obligation to transfer the good or service to the customer at a future date. The Company's contract liabilities primarily consist of (i) gift cards, which are included in accrued expenses on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, and (ii) points associated with the loyalty programs and payments received in advance of revenue recognition for royalty arrangements, which are included in other current liabilities on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Revenues deferred Revenues recognized (1) 
 ) Foreign exchange and other ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 (1) Includes approximately million of revenue from gift cards and subscriptions that was previously included in contract liabilities as of March 31, 2024. Loyalty points are not separately identifiable and therefore revenues recognized from the redemption of loyalty points consists of both points that were included in the liability balance at the beginning of the period and those that were issued during the period. 

NOTE 13. 
 million increase to the 2025 restructuring plan, resulting in an updated restructuring plan of approximately million to million of pre-tax restructuring and related charges to be incurred during Fiscal 2025 and the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 ("Fiscal 2026"), including: 
 Up to million in cash-related charges, consisting of approximately million in employee severance and benefits costs and million related to various transformational initiatives; and 
 Up to million in non-cash charges, including approximately million in employee severance and benefits costs and million in facility, software, and other asset-related charges and impairments. 
 Restructuring and related charges are included in the Company's Corporate Other segment. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Facility-related costs Other restructuring costs (2) 
 ) Total costs recorded in restructuring charges Costs recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses: Employee related costs Other transformation initiatives Total costs recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses Total restructuring and related charges 
 (1) Estimated restructuring and related charges reflect the high-end of the range of the total estimated charges expected to be incurred by the Company in connection with the 2025 restructuring plan. 
 (2) Includes a net gain of million recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from the sale of the MapMyFitness platform. 
 
 Restructuring and related charges and recoveries require the Company to make certain judgments and estimates regarding the amount and timing as to when these charges or recoveries occur. The estimated liability could change subsequent to its recognition, requiring adjustments to the expense and the liability recorded. The restructuring reserve is recorded within current and long-term liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. On a quarterly basis, the Company conducts an evaluation of the related liabilities and expenses and revises its assumptions and estimates as appropriate, as new or updated information becomes available. 
 Net additions (recoveries) charged to expense (1) 
 Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 (1) Amount excludes approximately million of non-cash facility-related and other charges and a million non-cash gain from the sale of the MapMyFitness platform. 

NOTE 14. 
 million and million, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). 
 In addition, the Company offers the Under Armour, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Deferred Compensation Plan") which allows a select group of management or highly compensated employees, as approved by the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, to make an annual base salary and/or bonus deferral for each year. As of September 30, 2024, the Deferred Compensation Plan obligations, which are 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million (March 31, 2024: million). 
 The Company established a Rabbi Trust to fund obligations to participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan. As of September 30, 2024, the assets held in the Rabbi Trust were trust owned life insurance ("TOLI") policies with cash-surrender values of million (March 31, 2024: million). These assets are consolidated and are included in other long-term assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Refer to Note 16 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the fair value measurements of the assets held in the Rabbi Trust and the Deferred Compensation Plan obligations. 

NOTE 15. 
 million Class A shares and million Class C shares are available for future grants of awards under the 2005 Plan. 
 Awards Granted to Employees and Non-Employee Directors 
 Total stock-based compensation expense associated with awards granted to employees and non-employee directors for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The unrecognized expense does not include any expense related to performance-based restricted stock unit awards for which the performance targets have been deemed improbable as of September 30, 2024. Refer to "Stock Options" and "Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards" below for further information on these awards. A summary of each of these plans is as follows: 
 Employee Stock Compensation Plan 
 Stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards under the 2005 Plan generally vest ratably over a period of two to . The contractual term for stock options is generally years from the date of grant. The Company generally receives a tax deduction for any ordinary income recognized by a participant in respect to an award under the 2005 Plan. 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 The Company's Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (the "Director Compensation Plan") provides for cash compensation and equity awards to non-employee directors of the Company under the 2005 Plan. Non-employee directors have the option to defer the value of their annual cash retainers as deferred stock units in accordance with the Under Armour, Inc. Non-Employee Deferred Stock Unit Plan (the "DSU Plan"). Each new non-employee director receives an award of restricted stock units upon the initial election to the Board of Directors, with the units covering stock valued at thousand on the grant date and vesting in equal annual installments. In addition, each non-employee director receives, following each annual stockholders' meeting, a grant under the 2005 Plan of restricted stock units covering stock valued at thousand on the grant date. Each award vests on the date of the next annual stockholders' meeting following the grant date. 
 The receipt of the shares otherwise deliverable upon vesting of the restricted stock units automatically defers into deferred stock units under the DSU Plan. Under the DSU Plan each deferred stock unit represents the Company s obligation to issue share of the Company's Class A or Class C Common Stock with the shares delivered following the termination of the director's service. The Company had million deferred stock units outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plans (the "ESPPs") allow for the purchase of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock by all eligible employees at a discount from fair market value subject to certain limits as defined in the ESPPs. As of September 30, 2024, million Class A shares and million Class C shares are available for future purchases under the ESPPs. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, million and million Class C shares, respectively, were purchased under the ESPPs (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: million and million, respectively). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation expense associated with these awards expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Summary by Award Classification: 
 Stock Options 
 Granted, at fair market value Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 The awards outstanding at September 30, 2024 in the table above includes million of performance-based restricted stock units with financial performance conditions that were awarded to certain executives and key employees under the 2005 Plan. The performance-based restricted stock units with financial performance conditions awarded during Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 have a weighted average fair value of , and , respectively, and have vesting that is tied to the achievement of certain annual revenue and operating income targets. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company deemed the achievement of the targets for the performance-based restricted stock units granted during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 to be improbable and as such stock-based compensation expense was recorded during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company deemed the achievement of the targets for the performance-based restricted stock units awarded during the Fiscal 2025 to be probable and recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million of performance-based restricted stock units awarded to the Company's President and CEO under the 2005 plan during Fiscal 2025 that are based on market performance conditions. The performance-based restricted stock units based on market conditions have a weighted average fair value of and have vesting that is tied to the achievement of certain stock price targets for the Company's Class C Common Stock. The fair value of these awards was determined on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Company recorded million and million of compensation expense related to these awards during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

NOTE 16. 
 
 Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 ) ) TOLI policies held by the Rabbi Trust (see Note 14) 
 Deferred Compensation Plan obligations (see Note 14) 
 ) ) 
 Fair values of the financial assets and liabilities listed above are determined using inputs that use as their basis readily observable market data that are actively quoted and are validated through external sources, including third-party pricing services and brokers. The foreign currency contracts represent unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, which is the net difference between the U.S. dollar value to be received or paid at the contracts' settlement date and the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency to be sold or purchased at the current market exchange rate. The fair value of the TOLI policies held by the Rabbi Trust are based on the cash-surrender value of the life insurance policies, which are invested primarily in mutual funds and a separately managed fixed income fund. These investments are initially made in the same funds and purchased in substantially the same amounts as the selected investments of participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan, which represent the underlying liabilities to participants. Liabilities under the Deferred Compensation Plan are recorded at amounts due to participants, based on the fair value of participants' selected investments. 
 Fair value of Long-Term Debt 
 The fair value of long-term debt is estimated based upon quoted prices for similar instruments or quoted prices for identical instruments in inactive markets (Level 2). As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Senior Notes was million (March 31, 2024: million). 
 24 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 17. 
 Foreign currency contracts Other long-term assets Total derivative assets designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Other current liabilities Foreign currency contracts Other long-term liabilities Total derivative liabilities designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 Foreign currency contracts Other current assets Total derivative assets not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Other current liabilities Total derivative liabilities not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Cost of goods sold ) ) ) ) Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Total designated as cash flow hedges ) ) ) 
 Balance as of March 31, 2024 Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on derivatives Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into income Balance as of September 30, 2024 Foreign currency contracts ) ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Total designated as cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on derivatives Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into income Balance as of September 30, 2023 Foreign currency contracts ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Total designated as cash flow hedges ) 
 Balance as of March 31, 2023 Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) on derivatives Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into income Balance as of September 30, 2023 Foreign currency contracts ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Total designated as cash flow hedges ) 
 
 26 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company is exposed to gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relating to transactions generated by its international subsidiaries in currencies other than their local currencies. These gains and losses are driven by non-functional currency generated revenue, non-functional currency inventory purchases and certain other intercompany transactions. The Company enters into foreign currency contracts to reduce the risk associated with the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on these transactions. Certain contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate notional value of the Company's outstanding cash flow hedges was million (March 31, 2024: million), with contract maturities ranging from one to . 
 The Company may enter into long-term debt arrangements with various lenders which bear a range of fixed and variable rates of interest. The nature and amount of the Company's long-term debt can be expected to vary as a result of future business requirements, market conditions and other factors. The Company may elect to enter into interest rate swap contracts to reduce the impact associated with interest rate fluctuations. The interest rate swap contracts are accounted for as cash flow hedges. Refer to Note 9 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of long-term debt. 
 For contracts designated as cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value are reported as other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized in current earnings in the period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects current earnings. Effective hedge results are classified in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same manner as the underlying exposure. 
 Undesignated Derivative Instruments 
 The Company has entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the change in fair value of specific assets and liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Undesignated instruments are recorded at fair value as a derivative asset or liability on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets with their corresponding change in fair value recognized in other expense, net, together with the re-measurement gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position. As of September 30, 2024, the total notional value of the Company's outstanding undesignated derivative instruments was million (March 31, 2024: million). 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company enters into derivative contracts with major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings and is exposed to credit losses in the event of non-performance by these financial institutions. This credit risk is generally limited to the unrealized gains in the derivative contracts. However, the Company monitors the credit quality of these financial institutions and considers the risk of counterparty default to be minimal. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 27 

Table of Contents and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the Company's effective tax rate was primarily driven by the proportion of earnings subject to tax in the U.S. as compared to foreign jurisdictions in each period and the Fiscal 2025 impact of U.S. losses on foreign earnings subject to tax in the United States. 
 The effective rates for income taxes were ) and for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the Company's effective tax rate was primarily driven by the proportion of earnings subject to tax in the U.S. as compared to foreign jurisdictions in each period and the Fiscal 2025 impact of U.S. losses on foreign earnings subject to tax in the United States. 
 Valuation Allowance 
 The Company evaluates on a quarterly basis whether the deferred tax assets are realizable which requires significant judgment. The Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including historical operating performance and expectations of future operating performance. To the extent the Company believes it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the asset will not be realized, valuation allowances are established against the Company's deferred tax assets, which increase income tax expense in the period when such a determination is made. 
 As of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2024, for U.S. states and certain foreign taxing jurisdictions, the Company believe the weight of the negative evidence continues to outweigh the positive evidence regarding the realization of these deferred tax assets and have maintained a valuation allowance against these assets. The Company will continue to evaluate its ability to realize its net deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. 

NOTE 19. 
 ) Interest on Convertible Senior Notes due 2024, net of tax (1)(2) 
 Net income (loss) - Diluted ) Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding Class A, B and C - Basic Dilutive effect of Class A, B, and C securities (1) 
 Dilutive effect of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (1)(2) 
 Weighted average common shares and dilutive securities outstanding Class A, B, and C Class A and Class C securities excluded as anti-dilutive (3) 
 Basic net income (loss) per share of Class A, B and C common stock ) Diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A, B and C common stock ) 
 (1) Effects of potentially dilutive securities are presented only in periods in which they are dilutive. No stock options, restricted stock units, or effects from the Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share during periods when the Company is in the net loss position, as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 (2) The Company's Convertible Senior Notes matured on June 1, 2024. Upon maturity, the Company repaid the approximately million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes outstanding using cash on hand. Refer to Note 9 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 20. 
 industry: the development, marketing and distribution of branded performance apparel, footwear and accessories. Total expenditures for additions to long-lived assets are not disclosed as this information is not regularly provided to the CODM. 
 The Company excludes certain corporate items from its segment profitability measures. The Company reports these items within Corporate Other, which is designed to provide increased transparency and comparability of the Company's operating segments' performance. Corporate Other consists primarily of (i) general and administrative expenses not allocated to an operating segment, including expenses associated with centrally managed departments such as global marketing, global IT, global supply chain and innovation, and other corporate support functions; (ii) restructuring and restructuring related charges, if any; (iii) certain foreign currency hedge gains and losses; and (iv) operating results from the MapMyFitness digital platform, which was sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 EMEA Asia-Pacific Latin America Corporate Other ) ) Total net revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating income (loss) North America EMEA Asia-Pacific Latin America Corporate Other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 (1) Results for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, include ) million and million, respectively, of litigation expense, net of insurance proceeds, related to the settlement of the Class Action Securities litigation. Refer to Note 10 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") is intended to help readers understand our results of operations and financial condition, and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which include the revisions for the previously disclosed accounting corrections, and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") on May 29, 2024, under the captions "Business" and "Risk Factors". 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this MD A, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("the Securities Act"), and is subject to the safe harbors created by those sections. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. See "Forward Looking Statements." 
 All dollar and percentage comparisons made herein refer to three and six months ended September 30, 2024 with the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, unless otherwise noted. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this MD A, constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts, such as statements regarding our future financial condition or results of operations, our prospects and strategies for future growth, expectations regarding promotional activities, freight, product cost pressures and foreign currency impacts, the impact of global economic conditions and inflation on our results of operations, our liquidity and use of capital resources, the development and introduction of new products, the implementation of our marketing and branding strategies, the future benefits and opportunities from significant investments and the impact of litigation or other proceedings. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "could," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "outlook," "potential" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology . 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause events or our actual activities or results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future events, results, actions, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, those factors described in "Risk Factors" and MD A herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024. These factors include without limitation : 
 changes in general economic or market conditions, including increasing inflation, that could affect overall consumer spending or our industry; 
 increased competition causing us to lose market share or reduce the prices of our products or to increase our marketing efforts significantly; 
 fluctuations in the costs of raw materials and commodities we use in our products and our supply chain (including labor); 
 our ability to successfully execute our long-term strategies; 
 our ability to effectively drive operational efficiency in our business; 
 changes to the financial health of our customers; 
 our ability to effectively develop and launch new, innovative and updated products; 
 our ability to accurately forecast consumer shopping and engagement preferences and consumer demand for our products and manage our inventory in response to changing demands; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to successfully execute any potential restructuring plans and realize their expected benefits; 
 our ability to comply with existing trade and other regulations, and the potential impact of new trade, tariff and tax regulations on our profitability; 
 loss of key customers, suppliers or manufacturers; 
 our ability to further expand our business globally and to drive brand awareness and consumer acceptance of our products in other countries; 
 our ability to manage the increasingly complex operations of our global business; 
 the impact of global events beyond our control, including military conflicts; 
 the impact of global or regional public health emergencies on our industry and our business, financial condition and results of operations, including impacts on the global supply chain; 
 our ability to successfully manage or realize expected results from significant transactions and investments; 
 our ability to effectively market and maintain a positive brand image; 
 our ability to attract key talent and retain the services of our senior management and other key employees; 
 our ability to effectively meet regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations with sustainability and social matters; 
 the availability, integration and effective operation of information systems and other technology, as well as any potential interruption of such systems or technology; 
 any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design, implementation or application of our global operating and financial reporting information technology system; 
 our ability to access capital and financing required to manage our business on terms acceptable to us; 
 our ability to accurately anticipate and respond to seasonal or quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 
 risks related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 risks related to data security or privacy breaches; 
 our ability to remediate the material weaknesses discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; and 
 our potential exposure to and the financial impact of litigation and other proceedings, including those legal proceedings discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events . 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a leading developer, marketer, and distributor of branded performance apparel, footwear, and accessories. Our brand's moisture-wicking fabrications are engineered in various designs and styles for wear in nearly every climate to provide a performance alternative to traditional products. Our products are sold worldwide and worn by athletes at all levels, from youth to professional, on playing fields around the globe and by consumers with active lifestyles. 
 Strategically and operationally, we remain focused on driving premium brand-right growth and improved profitability. We plan to continue to grow our business over the long term through increased sales of our apparel, footwear and accessories; growth in our direct-to-consumer sales channel; and expansion of our wholesale distribution. We believe that achievement of our long-term growth objectives depends, in part, on our ability to execute strategic initiatives in key areas including our wholesale, footwear, women s and direct-to-consumer businesses. Additionally, our digital strategy is focused on supporting these long-term objectives, emphasizing connection and engagement with our consumers through multiple digital touchpoints. 
 Quarterly Results 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we continued to face a challenging retail environment, particularly in North America, that included lower demand in our wholesale channel, in addition to the impacts of 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 proactive strategies to reduce discounting and promotional activity in our direct-to-consumer channel, particularly in e-commerce. We also faced a challenging retail environment in our Asia-Pacific region. 
 Financial highlights for three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 include: 
 Total net revenues decreased 10.7 . 
 Within our channels, wholesale revenue decreased 12.1 and direct-to-consumer revenue decreased 7.6 . 
 Within our product categories, apparel revenue decreased 11.5 , footwear revenue decreased 10.9 , and accessories revenue increased 2.1 . 
 Net revenue decreased 12.9 in North America, decreased 1.4 in EMEA, decreased 10.5 in Asia-Pacific and decreased 12.5 in Latin America. 
 Gross margin increased 200 basis points to 49.8 . 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 14.6 . 
 2025 Restructuring Plan 
 On May 15, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the "2025 restructuring plan") designed to strengthen and support our financial and operational efficiencies. On September 5, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a 70 million increase to the 2025 restructuring plan, resulting in an updated restructuring plan of approximately 140 million to 160 million of pre-tax restructuring and related charges to be incurred during Fiscal 2025 and the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 ("Fiscal 2026"), including: 
 Up to 75 million in cash-related charges, consisting of approximately 30 million in employee severance and benefits costs and 45 million related to various transformational initiatives; and 
 Up to 85 million in non-cash charges, including approximately 7 million in employee severance and benefits costs and 78 million in facility, software, and other asset-related charges and impairments. 
 Restructuring and related charges are included in our Corporate Other segment. The costs recorded during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily North America related. The summary of these costs, as well as our current estimate of the remaining amounts expected to be incurred in connection with the 2025 restructuring plan is as follows: 
 Estimated Restructuring and Related Charges (1) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 Remaining to be incurred Total to be incurred under plan Costs recorded in restructuring charges: Employee-related costs 1,393 11,738 Facility-related costs 4,457 12,495 Other restructuring costs (2) 
 (2,638) 4,065 Total costs recorded in restructuring charges 3,212 28,298 87,702 116,000 Costs recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses: Employee related costs 938 9,460 Other transformation initiatives 1,786 1,921 Total costs recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses 2,724 11,381 32,619 44,000 Total restructuring and related charges 5,936 39,679 120,321 160,000 
 (1) Estimated restructuring and related charges reflect the high-end of the range of the total estimated charges expected to be incurred in connection with the 2025 restructuring plan. 
 (2) Includes a net gain of 5.3 million recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from the sale of the MapMyFitness platform. 
 
 Restructuring charges and recoveries require us to make certain judgments and estimates regarding the amount and timing as to when these charges or recoveries occur. The estimated liability could change subsequent 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 to its recognition, requiring adjustments to the expense and the liability recorded. On a quarterly basis, we conduct an evaluation of the related liabilities and expenses and revises its assumptions and estimates as appropriate, as new or updated information becomes available. 
 Effects of Inflation and Other Global Events 
 Macroeconomic factors, such as inflationary pressures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, have and may continue to impact our business. We continue to monitor these factors and the potential impacts they may have on our financial results, including product input costs, freight costs and consumer discretionary spending and therefore consumer demand for our products. We also continue to monitor the broader impacts of conflicts around the world on the economy, including its effect on inflationary pressures and the price of oil globally. 
 See "Risk Factors Economic and Industry Risks Our business depends on consumer purchases of discretionary items, which can be negatively impacted during an economic downturn or periods of inflation. This could materially impact our sales, profitability, results of operations and financial condition "; " Fluctuations in the cost of raw materials and commodities we use in our products and costs related to our supply chain could negatively affect our operating results "; " Our financial results and ability to grow our business may be negatively impacted by global events beyond our control "; and " Financial Risks Our financial results could be adversely impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations" included in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 During Fiscal 2024, we identified and corrected certain accounting errors, primarily related to cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, as well as corresponding impacts to our other Consolidated Financial Statements. The impacts of these revisions were not material to our previously filed financial statements. Information presented in the tables below for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 have been revised to reflect these corrections. See Note 1 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of net revenues: 
 (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues 1,399,023 1,566,674 2,582,688 2,883,639 Cost of goods sold 702,891 818,151 1,323,881 1,523,621 Gross profit 696,132 748,523 1,258,807 1,360,018 Selling, general and administrative expenses 519,840 609,050 1,357,157 1,198,122 Restructuring charges 3,212 28,298 Income (loss) from operations 173,080 139,473 (126,648) 161,896 Interest income (expense), net (1,747) (373) 597 (1,999) Other income (expense), net (3,420) (6,104) (6,150) (12,164) Income (loss) before income taxes 167,913 132,996 (132,201) 147,733 Income tax expense (benefit) (2,136) 28,436 3,013 32,764 Income (loss) from equity method investments 333 151 170 (248) Net income (loss) 170,382 104,711 (135,044) 114,721 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (As a percentage of net revenues) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 50.2 52.2 51.3 52.8 Gross profit 49.8 47.8 48.7 47.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 37.2 38.9 52.5 41.5 Restructuring charges 0.2 1.1 Income (loss) from operations 12.4 8.9 (4.9) 5.6 Interest income (expense), net (0.1) (0.1) Other income (expense), net (0.2) (0.4) (0.2) (0.4) Income (loss) before income taxes 12.0 8.5 (5.1) 5.1 Income tax expense (benefit) (0.2) 1.8 0.1 1.1 Income (loss) from equity method investments Net income (loss) 12.2 6.7 (5.2) 4.0 
 Revenues 
 Net revenues consist of net sales and license revenues. Net sales consist of sales from apparel, footwear and accessories products. Our license revenues primarily consist of fees paid to us by licensees in exchange for the use of our trademarks on their products. The following tables summarize net revenues by product category and distribution channel for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Net Revenues by Product Category Apparel 947,188 1,070,401 (123,213) (11.5) 1,704,980 1,895,014 (190,034) (10.0) Footwear 312,760 351,202 (38,442) (10.9) 623,149 714,872 (91,723) (12.8) Accessories 116,381 113,933 2,448 2.1 208,926 211,795 (2,869) (1.4) Net Sales 1,376,329 1,535,536 (159,207) (10.4) 2,537,055 2,821,681 (284,626) (10.1) License revenues 24,796 28,646 (3,850) (13.4) 46,467 53,718 (7,251) (13.5) Corporate Other (1) 
 (2,102) 2,492 (4,594) (184.3) (834) 8,240 (9,074) (110.1) Total net revenues 1,399,023 1,566,674 (167,651) (10.7) 2,582,688 2,883,639 (300,951) (10.4) Net Revenues by Distribution Channel Wholesale 825,993 939,725 (113,732) (12.1) 1,506,506 1,681,683 (175,177) (10.4) Direct-to-consumer 550,336 595,811 (45,475) (7.6) 1,030,549 1,139,998 (109,449) (9.6) Net Sales 1,376,329 1,535,536 (159,207) (10.4) 2,537,055 2,821,681 (284,626) (10.1) License revenues 24,796 28,646 (3,850) (13.4) 46,467 53,718 (7,251) (13.5) Corporate Other (1) 
 (2,102) 2,492 (4,594) (184.3) (834) 8,240 (9,074) (110.1) Total net revenues 1,399,023 1,566,674 (167,651) (10.7) 2,582,688 2,883,639 (300,951) (10.4) 
 (1) Corporate Other primarily includes foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program. 
 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales decreased by 159.2 million, or 10.4 , to 1,376.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1,535.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Apparel decreased primarily due to lower unit sales. Footwear decreased primarily due to lower unit sales and lower average selling prices. Accessories increased primarily due to higher unit sales, partially offset by unfavorable channel mix and lower average selling prices. From a channel perspective, the decrease in net sales was due to a decrease in both wholesale and direct-to-consumer. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Net sales decreased by 284.6 million, or 10.1 , to 2,537.1 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 2,821.7 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. Apparel decreased primarily due to lower unit sales, partially offset by higher average selling prices. Footwear decreased primarily due to lower unit sales. Accessories decreased primarily due to unfavorable channel mix. From a channel perspective, the decrease in net sales was due to a decrease in both wholesale and direct-to-consumer. 
 License Revenues 
 License revenues decreased by 3.9 million or 13.4 , to 24.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 28.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to lower revenues from our licensing partners in North America. 
 License revenues decreased by 7.3 million or 13.5 , to 46.5 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 53.7 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to lower revenues from our licensing partners in North America and our Japanese licensee. 
 Gross Profit 
 Cost of goods sold consists primarily of product costs, inbound freight and duty costs, outbound freight costs, handling costs to make products floor-ready to customer specifications, royalty payments to endorsers based on a predetermined percentage of sales of selected products and write downs for inventory obsolescence. In general, as a percentage of net revenues, we expect cost of goods sold associated with our apparel and accessories to be lower than that of our footwear. No cost of goods sold is associated with our license revenues. 
 We include outbound freight costs associated with shipping goods to customers as cost of goods sold; however, we include the majority of outbound handling costs as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. As a result, our gross profit may not be comparable to that of other companies that include outbound handling costs in their cost of goods sold. Outbound handling costs include costs associated with preparing goods to ship to customers and certain costs to operate our distribution facilities. These costs were 20.8 million and 38.3 million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively (three and six months ended September 30, 2023: 20.7 million and 39.1 million, respectively). 
 Gross profit decreased by 52.4 million to 696.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 748.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues, or gross margin, increased to 49.8 from 47.8 . This increase in gross margin of 200 basis points was primarily driven by favorable impacts of approximately 120 basis points from supply chain benefits, due mainly to lower product costs, 50 basis points from favorable channel mix, and 40 basis of pricing benefits from lower levels of discounting and promotions within our direct-to-consumer channel and lower markdowns in our wholesale channel. These favorable impacts were partially offset by 10 basis points from unfavorable changes in foreign currency and regional mix. 
 Gross profit decreased by 101.2 million to 1,258.8 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1,360.0 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues, or gross margin, increased to 48.7 from 47.2 . This increase in gross margin of 150 basis points was primarily driven by favorable impacts of 130 basis points from supply chain benefits related to lower product and freight costs and lower inventory reserves, approximately 40 basis points of pricing benefits from lower levels of discounting and promotions within our direct-to-consumer channel, partially offset by unfavorable impacts of approximately 50 basis points from changes in foreign currency. 
 We expect the trends listed above to continue through the remainder of Fiscal 2025, but to a lesser extent. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of costs related to marketing, selling, product innovation and supply chain, and corporate services. We consolidate our selling, general and administrative expenses into two primary categories: marketing and other. The other category is the sum of our selling, product innovation and supply chain, and corporate services categories. The marketing category consists primarily of sports and brand marketing, media, and retail presentation. Sports and brand marketing includes professional, club and collegiate sponsorship agreements, individual athlete and influencer agreements, and providing and selling products directly to teams and individual athletes. Media includes digital, broadcast, and print media outlets, including social and mobile media. Retail presentation includes sales displays and concept shops and depreciation expense specific to our in-store fixture programs. Our marketing costs are an important driver of our growth. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 519,840 609,050 (89,210) (14.6) 1,357,157 1,198,122 159,035 13.3 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 89.2 million, or 14.6 , during three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to three months ended September 30, 2023. Within selling, general and administrative expense: 
 Marketing costs decreased 29.2 million or 18.8 , due to a reduction in marketing activities during the period. As a percentage of net revenues, marketing costs decreased to 9.0 from 9.9 . 
 Other costs decreased 60.1 million or 13.2 , primarily due to higher recovery of insurance proceeds and lower salaries expense. The insurance proceeds received include 27.0 million of recoveries related to legal expenses from prior fiscal years and 13.0 million of recoveries related to the settlement of the Consolidated Securities Action as discussed in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. As a percentage of net revenues, other costs decreased to 28.2 from 29.0 . 
 As a percentage of net revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 37.2 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 38.9 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 159.0 million, or 13.3 , during six months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to six months ended September 30, 2023. Within selling, general and administrative expense: 
 Marketing costs decreased 47.8 million or 16.2 , due to a reduction in marketing activities during the period. As a percentage of net revenues, marketing costs decreased to 9.6 from 10.2 . 
 Other costs increased 206.9 million or 22.9 , primarily driven by higher litigation expense, which includes a recovery of insurance proceeds. The insurance proceeds received include 73.0 million of recoveries related to the settlement of the Consolidated Securities Action as discussed in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and 27.0 million of recoveries related to legal expenses from prior fiscal years. Additionally, other costs increased due to transformational charges recorded in connection with the 2025 restructuring plan. See Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details. As a percentage of net revenues, other costs increased to 43.0 from 31.3 . These increases were partially offset by lower salaries expenses and lower selling and distribution expenses. 
 As a percentage of net revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 52.5 during the six months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 41.5 during the six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 On May 15, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan designed to strengthen and support our financial and operational efficiencies. Restructuring charges within our operating expenses primarily consist of employee severance and benefit costs, various transformational initiatives and facility, software and other asset-related charges and impairments. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Restructuring charges 3,212 3,212 100.0 28,298 28,298 100.0 
 Restructuring charges increased by 3.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to 1.4 million of employee-related charges and 4.5 million of facility-related charges, partially offset by 2.6 million of other restructuring-related recoveries. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring charges increased by 28.3 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to 11.7 million of employee-related charges, 12.5 million of facility-related charges, and 4.1 million of other restructuring charges. 
 See Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details. 
 Interest Income (Expense), net 
 Interest income (expense), net is primarily comprised of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents, offset by interest incurred on our debt facilities. See Note 9 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Interest income (expense), net (1,747) (373) (1,374) (368.4) 597 (1,999) 2,596 129.9 
 Interest expense, net increased by 1.4 million to 1.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in interest income. 
 Interest income, net increased by 2.6 million to 0.6 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in interest income. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net generally consists of unrealized and realized gains and losses on our foreign currency derivative financial instruments, and unrealized and realized gains and losses on adjustments that arise from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relating to transactions generated by our international subsidiaries. Other income (expense), net also includes earn-out income recorded in connection with the sale of the MyFitnessPal platform and rent expense relating to lease assets held solely for sublet purposes, primarily the lease related to our New York City, 5th Avenue location. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Other income (expense), net (3,420) (6,104) 2,684 44.0 (6,150) (12,164) 6,014 49.4 
 Other expense, net decreased by 2.7 million to 3.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a net gain from on foreign currency hedges. 
 Other expense, net decreased by 6.0 million to 6.2 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a net gain from on foreign currency hedges. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Income tax expense (benefit) (2,136) 28,436 (30,572) (107.5) 3,013 32,764 (29,751) (90.8) 
 Income tax expense decreased 30.6 million to a benefit of 2.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from income tax expense of 28.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our effective tax rate was (1.3) compared to 21.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily driven by the proportion of earnings subject to tax in the U.S. as compared to foreign jurisdictions in each period and the Fiscal 2025 impact of U.S. losses on foreign earnings subject to tax in the United States. 
 Income tax expense decreased 29.8 million to 3.0 million during the six months ended September 30, 2024 from income tax expense of 32.8 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. For the six months ended September 30, 2024, our effective tax rate was (2.3) compared to 22.2 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily driven by the proportion of earnings subject to tax in the U.S. as compared to foreign jurisdictions in each period and the Fiscal 2025 impact of U.S. losses on foreign earnings subject to tax in the United States. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Our operating segments are based on how our Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") makes decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance. Our segments are defined by geographic regions, including North America, EMEA, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. 
 We exclude certain corporate items from our segment profitability measures. We report these items within Corporate Other, which is designed to provide increased transparency and comparability of our operating segments' performance. Corporate Other consists primarily of (i) general and administrative expenses not allocated to an operating segment, including expenses associated with centrally managed departments such as global marketing, global IT, global supply chain and innovation, and other corporate support functions; (ii) restructuring and restructuring related charges, if any; (iii) certain foreign currency hedge gains and losses; and (iv) operating results from the MapMyFitness digital platform, which was sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The net revenues and operating income (loss) associated with our segments are summarized in the following tables. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) North America 863,345 991,357 (128,012) (12.9) EMEA 283,178 287,091 (3,913) (1.4) Asia-Pacific 207,661 232,065 (24,404) (10.5) Latin America 46,941 53,669 (6,728) (12.5) Corporate Other (1) 
 (2,102) 2,492 (4,594) (184.3) Total net revenues 1,399,023 1,566,674 (167,651) (10.7) 
 (1) Corporate Other primarily includes foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program. 
 
 The decrease in total net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was driven by the following: 
 Net revenues in our North America region decreased by 128.0 million, or 12.9 , to 863.3 million from 991.4 million. This was driven by a decrease in both our wholesale channel and our direct-to-consumer channel as well as a decrease in licensing revenues. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues decreased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. 
 Net revenues in our EMEA region decreased by 3.9 million, or 1.4 , to 283.2 million from 287.1 million. This was driven by a decrease in our wholesale channel partially offset by an increase in our direct-to-consumer channel. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues increased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. 
 Net revenues in our Asia-Pacific region decreased by 24.4 million, or 10.5 , to 207.7 million from 232.1 million. This was driven by a decrease in both our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale channel. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues decreased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. 
 Net revenues in our Latin America region decreased by 6.7 million, or 12.5 , to 46.9 million from 53.7 million. This was driven by a decrease in our wholesale channel partially offset by an increase in our direct-to-consumer channel. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues increased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. Net revenues in our Latin America region were also negatively impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Net revenues in our Corporate Other non-operating segment decreased by 4.6 million to (2.1) million from 2.5 million. This was primarily driven by foreign currency hedge losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income (Loss) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) North America 217,259 211,071 6,188 2.9 EMEA 51,595 38,826 12,769 32.9 Asia-Pacific 34,214 54,608 (20,394) (37.3) Latin America 12,171 13,615 (1,444) (10.6) Corporate Other (1) 
 (142,159) (178,647) 36,488 20.4 Total operating income (loss) 173,080 139,473 33,607 24.1 (1) Corporate Other primarily includes foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program. Corporate Other also includes expenses related to our central supporting functions. 
 The increase in total operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by the following: 
 Operating income in our North America region increased by 6.2 million to 217.3 million from 211.1 million. This was primarily due to lower marketing-related and selling and distribution expenses, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by lower net revenues as discussed above, partially offset by lower product input costs. 
 Operating income in our EMEA region increased by 12.8 million to 51.6 million from 38.8 million. This was primarily due to lower marketing-related expenses and an increase in gross profit. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by lower product input costs. 
 Operating income in our Asia-Pacific region decreased by 20.4 million to 34.2 million from 54.6 million. This was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit and higher marketing-related and selling and distribution expenses. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by lower net revenues as discussed above, partially offset by inventory returns. 
 Operating income in our Latin America region decreased by 1.4 million to 12.2 million from 13.6 million. This was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit, partially offset by lower marketing-related and selling and distribution expenses. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by lower net revenues as discussed above. 
 Operating loss in our Corporate Other non-operating segment decreased by 36.5 million to 142.2 million from 178.6 million. This was primarily due to higher recovery of insurance proceeds, which included 27.0 million of recoveries related to legal expenses from prior fiscal years and 13.0 million of recoveries related to the settlement of the Consolidated Securities Action as discussed in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This was partially offset by an increase in restructuring charges as a result of charges incurred under the 2025 restructuring plan as discussed above. 
 
 Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net Revenues 
 Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) North America 1,572,605 1,817,962 (245,357) (13.5) EMEA 510,070 513,732 (3,662) (0.7) Asia-Pacific 389,497 434,297 (44,800) (10.3) Latin America 111,350 109,408 1,942 1.8 Corporate Other (1) 
 (834) 8,240 (9,074) (110.1) Total net revenues 2,582,688 2,883,639 (300,951) (10.4) 
 (1) Corporate Other primarily includes foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease in total net revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023, was driven by the following: 
 Net revenues in our North America region decreased by 245.4 million, or 13.5 , to 1,572.6 million from 1,818.0 million. This was driven by a decrease in both our wholesale channel and our direct-to-consumer channel as well as a decrease in licensing revenues. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues decreased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. 
 Net revenues in our EMEA region decreased by 3.7 million, or 0.7 , to 510.1 million from 513.7 million. This was driven by a decrease in our wholesale channel, partially offset by an increase in our direct-to-consumer channel. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues increased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. 
 Net revenues in our Asia-Pacific region decreased by 44.8 million, or 10.3 , to 389.5 million from 434.3 million. This was driven by a decrease in both our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale channel. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues decreased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. Net revenues in our Asia-Pacific region were also negatively impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Net revenues in our Latin America region increased by 1.9 million, or 1.8 , to 111.4 million from 109.4 million. This was driven by an increase in our direct-to-consumer channel, partially offset by a decrease in our wholesale channel. Within our direct-to-consumer channel, net revenues increased in both e-commerce and owned and operated retail stores. Net revenues in our Latin America region were also negatively impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Net revenues in our Corporate Other non-operating segment decreased by 9.1 million to (0.8) million from 8.2 million. This was primarily driven by foreign currency hedge losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments. 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) North America 365,148 371,785 (6,637) (1.8) EMEA 72,051 68,605 3,446 5.0 Asia-Pacific 44,149 70,006 (25,857) (36.9) Latin America 27,342 19,392 7,950 41.0 Corporate Other (1) 
 (635,338) (367,892) (267,446) (72.7) Total operating income (loss) (126,648) 161,896 (288,544) (178.2) 
 (1) Corporate Other primarily includes foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within our operating segments but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management prog ram. Corporate Other also includes expenses related to our central supporting functions. 
 
 The decrease in total operating income for the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by the following: 
 Operating income in our North America region decreased by 6.6 million to 365.1 million from 371.8 million. This was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit, partially offset by lower marketing-related, selling and distribution expenses. The decline in gross profit was primarily driven by lower net revenues as discussed above, partially offset by lower product input costs. 
 Operating income in our EMEA region increased by 3.4 million to 72.1 million from 68.6 million. This was primarily due to an increase in gross profit, partially offset by higher non-salaried wage, marketing-related and facility-related expenses. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by lower product input costs. 
 Operating income in our Asia-Pacific region decreased by 25.9 million to 44.1 million from 70.0 million. This was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit, partially offset by lower bad debt expenses. The decline in gross profit was primarily driven by lower net revenues as discussed above. 
 Operating income in our Latin America region increased by 8.0 million to 27.3 million from 19.4 million. This was primarily due to an increase in gross profit and lower marketing-related expenses. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by higher net revenues as discussed above and lower product input costs. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Operating loss in our Corporate Other non-operating segment increased by 267.4 million to 635.3 million from 367.9 million. This was primarily due to higher litigation expense, which includes a recovery of insurance proceeds. The insurance proceeds received include 73.0 million of recoveries related to the settlement of the Consolidated Securities Action as discussed in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and 27.0 million of recoveries related to legal expenses from prior fiscal years. In addition, restructuring charges increased as a result of charges incurred under the 2025 restructuring plan as discussed above. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our cash requirements have principally been for working capital and capital expenditures. We fund our working capital, primarily inventory, and capital investments from cash flows from operating activities, cash and cash equivalents on hand, and borrowings available under our credit and long-term debt facilities. Our working capital requirements generally reflect the seasonality in our business as we historically recognize the majority of our net revenues in the last two quarters of the calendar year. Our capital investments have generally included expanding our in-store fixture and branded concept shop program, improvements and expansion of our distribution and corporate facilities, including construction of our new global headquarters, leasehold improvements to our Brand and Factory House stores, and investment and improvements in information technology systems. Our inventory strategy is focused on continuing to meet consumer demand while improving our inventory efficiency over the long term by putting systems and processes in place to improve our inventory management. These systems and processes are designed to improve our forecasting and supply planning capabilities. In addition, we strive to enhance our inventory performance by focusing on adding discipline around product purchasing, reducing production lead time and improving planning and execution for selling excess inventory through our Factory House stores and other liquidation channels. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 530.7 million of cash and cash equivalents. In August 2024, we utilized a combination of our cash on hand and insurance proceeds to fund the settlement of the Class Action litigation into an escrow account in accordance with the terms of the preliminary settlement agreement. See Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details. We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash from operations, our ability to reduce our expenditures as needed, borrowings available to us under our amended credit agreement, our ability to access the capital markets, and other financing alternatives are adequate to meet our liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. In addition, from time to time, based on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may seek to utilize cash on hand, borrowings or raise capital to retire, repurchase or redeem our debt securities, repay debt, repurchase shares of our common stock or otherwise enter into similar transactions to support our capital structure and business or utilize excess cash flow on a strategic basis. For example, as further described below, in May 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase a total of 500 million of our Class C Common Stock through May 2027. 
 If there are unexpected material impacts to our business in future periods from global or regional public health emergencies or other global macroeconomic factors, we may consider additional alternatives, including further reducing our expenditures, changing our investment strategies, reducing compensation costs, including through temporary reductions in pay and layoffs, limiting certain marketing and capital expenditures, and negotiating, extending or delaying payment terms with our customers and vendors. In addition, we may seek alternative sources of liquidity, including but not limited to, accessing the capital markets, sale-leaseback transactions or other sales of assets, or other alternative financing measures. However, instability in, or tightening of the capital markets, could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets on terms acceptable to us or at all. Although we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity over the long term, a prolonged or more severe economic recession, inflationary pressure, or a slow recovery could adversely affect our business and liquidity and could require us to take certain of the liquidity preserving actions described above. 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024 noted that we will continue to permanently reinvest our non-U.S. subsidiaries cumulative undistributed earnings of 1.5 billion, as well as future earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, to fund international growth and operations. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2025, we evaluated the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and determined to repatriate a portion of these earnings. In connection with this evaluation, we recognized approximately 500 million of prior and current year earnings that are no longer considered to be indefinitely reinvested. We expect to incur approximately 0.4 million of income tax 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 expense, net of valuation allowances, related to the repatriation of these earnings. The remainder of our prior and current year undistributed foreign earnings will continue to be indefinitely reinvested to fund international growth and operations. As the majority of such earnings have been previously subject to U.S. federal tax, additional taxes due including currency gains or losses, capital gains, foreign withholding taxes, and U.S. federal and state taxes are not expected to be material. 
 Refer to our "Risk Factors" section included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 15, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to 500 million (exclusive of fees and commissions) of outstanding shares of our Class C Common Stock through May 31, 2027. The Class C Common Stock may be repurchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market, through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, via private purchases through forward, derivative, accelerated share repurchase transactions or otherwise, subject to applicable regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing and timing. The timing and amount of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors. 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, pursuant to the previously disclosed accelerated share repurchase transaction entered into in May 2024, we repurchased 5.9 million shares of Class C Common Stock, which were immediately retired. No shares were repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased and immediately retired 7.6 million Class C Common Stock, under our previously approved 500 million share repurchase program which was completed in December 2023. No shares were repurchased during the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the major components of our cash flows provided by and used in operating, investing and financing activities for the periods presented: Six Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change ) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (168,409) 55,483 (223,892) Investing activities (43,291) (30,384) (12,907) Financing activities (129,392) (50,537) (78,855) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 14,023 (28,671) 42,694 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (327,069) (54,109) (272,960) 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities decreased by 223.9 million, as compared to six months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by an increase from changes in working capital of 68.3 million, offset by a decrease in net income before the impact of non-cash items of 292.2 million. 
 The changes in working capital were due to the following inflows: 
 194.1 million from changes in accounts payable; 
 82.8 million from changes in accounts receivable; 
 37.4 million from changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets; and 
 16.9 million from changes in customer refund liabilities. 
 These inflows were partially offset by the following working capital outflows: 
 174.1 million from changes in inventories; 
 38.2 million from changes in other non-current assets; 
 35.9 million from changes in accrued expenses and other liabilities; and 
 14.6 million from changes in income taxes payable and receivable, net. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities increased by 12.9 million, as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures and the acquisition of UNLESS COLLECTIVE, Inc. These outflows were partially offset a higher earn-out collected in connection with the sale of the MyFitnessPal platform and the proceeds from the sale of the MapMyFitness platform. 
 Total capital expenditures during the six months ended September 30, 2024 were 91.5 million, or approximately 4 of net revenues, representing a 16.1 million increase from 75.4 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. Our long-term operating principle for capital expenditures is to spend between 3 and 5 of annual net revenues as we invest in our global direct-to-consumer, e-commerce and digital businesses, information technology systems, distribution centers and our global offices, including our new global headquarters in the Baltimore Peninsula, an area of Baltimore, Maryland. During the six months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred capital expenditures of 64.9 million relating to the construction of our new global headquarters. As previously disclosed, our plans for our new headquarters have been designed in line with our long-term sustainability strategy which includes a commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and increase sourcing of renewable electricity in our owned and operated facilities. A portion of our capital expenditures include investments incorporating sustainable and intelligent building design features into this facility. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities increased by 78.9 million, as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. During the six months ended September 30, 2024, we repaid the 80.9 million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes outstanding using cash on hand. Additionally, we paid 40.0 million to repurchase shares of our Class C Common Stock through accelerated share repurchase transactions during the six months ended September 30, 2024. During the six months ended September 30, 2023, we paid 50.0 million to repurchase shares of our Class C Common Stock through accelerated share repurchase transactions. For more details, see discussion above under "Share Repurchase Program". 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Credit Facility 
 On March 8, 2019, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement by and among us, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders and arrangers party thereto (the "credit agreement"). In July 2024, we entered into the fifth amendment to the credit agreement (the credit agreement as amended, the "amended credit agreement" or the "revolving credit facility"). The amended credit agreement provides for an aggregate 1.1 billion of revolving credit commitments comprised of two tranches: (i) one tranche of 50 million that has a term that ends on December 3, 2026, and (ii) a second tranche of 1.05 billion that has a term that ends on December 3, 2027, in each case with permitted extensions under certain circumstances. As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 
 At our request and a lender's consent, commitments under the amended credit agreement may be increased by up to 300.0 million in aggregate, subject to certain conditions as set forth in the amended credit agreement. Incremental borrowings are uncommitted and the availability thereof will depend on market conditions at the time we seek to incur such borrowings. 
 Borrowings, if any, under the revolving credit facility have maturities of less than one year. Up to 50.0 million of the facility may be used for the issuance of letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, 45.4 million of letters of credit were outstanding (March 31, 2024: 4.2 million). 
 Our obligations under the amended credit agreement are guaranteed by certain domestic significant subsidiaries of Under Armour, Inc., subject to customary exceptions (the "subsidiary guarantors") and primarily secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Under Armour, Inc. and the subsidiary guarantors, excluding real property, capital stock in and debt of subsidiaries of Under Armour, Inc. holding certain real property and other customary exceptions. The amended credit agreement provides for the permanent fall away of guarantees and collateral upon our achievement of investment grade rating from two rating agencies. 
 The amended credit agreement contains negative covenants that, subject to significant exceptions, limit our ability to, among other things: incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness; pledge the assets as security; make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions (including investments in and loans to non-guarantor subsidiaries); undergo fundamental changes; sell assets outside the ordinary course of business; enter into transactions with affiliates; and make restricted payments. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We are also required to maintain a ratio of consolidated EBITDA, to consolidated interest expense of not less than 3.50 to 1.0 (the "interest coverage covenant") and we are not permitted to allow the ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA to be greater than 3.25 to 1.0 (the "leverage covenant"), as described in more detail in the amended credit agreement. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the applicable covenants. In July 2024, we entered into an amendment to the credit agreement to exclude from the definition of consolidated EBITDA certain charges related to the settlement of the Class Action Securities litigation described in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 In addition, the amended credit agreement contains events of default that are customary for a facility of this nature, and includes a cross default provision whereby an event of default under other material indebtedness, as defined in the amended credit agreement, will be considered an event of default under the amended credit agreement. 
 The amended credit agreement implemented SOFR as the replacement for LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate for U.S. dollar borrowings (and analogous benchmark rate replacements for borrowings in Yen, Pound Sterling and Euro). Borrowings under the amended credit agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) an alternate base rate (for borrowings in U.S. dollars), (b) a term rate (for borrowings in U.S. dollars, Euro or Japanese Yen) or (c) a "risk free" rate (for borrowings in U.S. dollars or Pounds Sterling), plus in each case an applicable margin. The applicable margin for loans will be adjusted by reference to a grid (the "pricing grid") based on the leverage ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA and ranges between 1.00 to 1.75 (or, in the case of alternate base loans 0.00 to 0.75 ). We will also pay a commitment fee determined in accordance with the pricing grid on the average daily unused amount of the revolving credit facility and certain fees with respect to letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the commitment fee was 15.0 basis points. 
 
 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On June 1, 2024, our previously outstanding 80.9 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50 convertible senior notes due 2024 (the "Convertible Senior Notes") matured. The Convertible Senior Notes bore interest at the fixed rate of 1.50 per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning December 1, 2020. Upon maturity, we repaid the 80.9 million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes outstanding, plus 0.6 million of accrued interest, using cash on hand. No holders exercised their rights to convert prior to maturity. 
 
 3.25 Senior Notes 
 In June 2016, we issued 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25 senior unsecured notes due June 15, 2026 (the "Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes bear interest at the fixed rate of 3.25 per annum, payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 beginning December 15, 2016. Prior to March 15, 2026 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Notes), we may redeem some or all of the Senior Notes at any time or from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed or a "make-whole" amount applicable to such Senior Notes as described in the indenture governing the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 The indenture governing the Senior Notes contains covenants, including limitations that restrict our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to create or incur secured indebtedness and enter into sale and leaseback transactions and our ability to consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our properties or assets to another person, in each case subject to material exceptions described in the indenture. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To prepare these financial statements, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Our estimates are often based on complex judgments, probabilities and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. It is also possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances, could develop and support a range of alternative estimated amounts. Actual results could be significantly different from these estimates. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 2 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024, for a summary of our significant accounting policies and our assessment of recently issued accounting standards. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no significant changes to our market risk since March 31, 2024. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A. of our Annual report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As previously reported in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We did not design and maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the period-end financial reporting process, including the review and execution of certain balance sheet account reconciliations. Additionally, we did not design and maintain effective controls over the classification and presentation of general ledger accounts in the appropriate financial statement line items within the consolidated financial statements. 
 Although these material weaknesses did not result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements, these material weaknesses resulted in immaterial errors in our consolidated interim and annual financial statements for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, the Transition Period and Fiscal 2021. Additionally, until we remediate these material weaknesses, they could result in material misstatements to our interim or annual consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Remediation Progress for the Material Weaknesses 
 With respect to the material weaknesses, management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, is in the process of designing appropriate internal controls specific to the impacted areas. While we have taken steps to implement our remediation plan, these material weaknesses will not be considered fully remediated until we complete the design and implementation of the applicable controls, and they operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded through testing that the controls are operating effectively. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting, and as we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As described above, we are taking steps to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we have been involved in litigation and other proceedings, including matters related to commercial disputes and intellectual property, as well as trade, regulatory and other claims related to our business. See Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information on certain legal proceedings, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by numerous risks. In addition to the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2024. These are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (c) Issuer purchases of equity securities: 
 The Company did not repurchase any of its Class C Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 under the three-year 500 million share repurchase program authorized by the Company's Board of Directors in May 2024. See Note 11 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for details. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Approximately Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) 07/01/2024 to 07/31/2024 460.0 08/01/2024 to 08/31/2024 460.0 09/01/2024 to 09/30/2024 460.0 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (c) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement", as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 10.01 
 Amendment No. 5, dated July 3, 2024, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated March 8, 2019, by and among the Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders and arrangers party thereto. 10.02 
 Separation Agreement between the Company and Jim Dausch dated August 30, 2024, including General Release. 31.01 
 Section 302 Chief Executive Officer Certification. 31.02 
 Section 302 Chief Financial Officer Certification. 32.01 
 Section 906 Chief Executive Officer Certification. 32.02 
 Section 906 Chief Financial Officer Certification. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an Exhibit pursuant to Item 6 of Form 10-Q. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 UNDER ARMOUR, INC. By: /s/ DAVID E. BERGMAN David E. Bergman Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 
 48 

<EX-10.01>
 2
 ua-09302024xex1001creditag.htm
 EX-10.01

Document 

Exhibit 10.01 
 AMENDMENT NO. 5 
 
 Dated as of July 3, 2024 
 
 to 
 
 AMENDED & RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of March 8, 2019 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 5 (this Amendment is made as of July 3, 2024 by and among Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 by and among the Company, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto (together with the Company, the Borrowers ), the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (as amended on May 12, 2020, May 17, 2021 and December 3, 2021, as modified on February 24, 2023, as amended on March 6, 2024, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement and, the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the requisite Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have so agreed on the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrowers, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . 
 Effective as of the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date (as defined below), the parties hereto agree that the Credit Agreement (but not the Schedules and Exhibits thereto) is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text and double-underlined text ), as set forth in Annex A hereto. 
 2 . Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment (the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received 
 (a) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrowers, the Lenders consenting to the Amendment (which constitute the Required Lenders) and the Administrative Agent 

(b) counterparts of the Consent and Reaffirmation attached as Annex B hereto duly executed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors 
 (c) payment of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents, and for which invoices have been presented at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date and 
 (d) an amendment fee for the account of each Lender that consents to this Amendment and delivers its executed signature page hereto by no later than the date and time specified by the Administrative Agent in an amount that has previously been disclosed to the Lenders. 
 3 . Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) This Amendment and the Credit Agreement as modified hereby constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, reconstruction, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and except to the extent that availability of the remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. 
 (b) As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) provided that any such representation or warranty that by its express terms is made as of a specific date is true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) as of such specific date. 
 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 (b) The Credit Agreement and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) Except with respect to the subject matter hereof, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 (d) It is the intent of the parties hereto that this Amendment not, and this Amendment shall not, constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Credit Agreement or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that this Amendment amend the Credit Agreement and that the Amended Credit Agreement re-evidence the 
 2 

obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers outstanding thereunder, which shall be payable in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (e) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 5. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 6. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 UNDER ARMOUR, INC., 
 as the Company and as a Borrower 
 
 By s David E. Bergman 
 Name David E. Bergman 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 
 
 By s James A. Knight 
 Name James A. Knight 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 individually as a Lender 
 
 By s Reco C. Collins 
 Name Reco C. Collins 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Michelle L. Walker 
 Name Michelle L. Walker 
 Title Director 
 
 TRUIST BANK, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s J. Carlos Navarrete 
 Name J. Carlos Navarrete 
 Title Director 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A., 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 
 Under Armour, Inc. 

as a Lender 
 
 By s William Zhou 
 Name William Zhou 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Stephanie Selby 
 Name Stephanie Selby 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 BNP PARIBAS 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Alan Vitulich 
 Name Alan Vitulich 
 Title Director 
 
 By s David Foster 
 Name David Foster 
 Title Director 
 
 DBS BANK LTD., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Kate Khoo 
 Name Kate Khoo 
 Title Vice President 
 
 MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Erica S. Cariello 
 Name Erica S. Cariello 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 
 Under Armour, Inc. 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Cameron Farrell 
 Name Cameron Farrell 
 Title Vice President 
 
 SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Mary Harold 
 Name Mary Harold 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 
 Under Armour, Inc. 

Annex A 
 
 Attached 

7 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 dated as of 
 March 8, 2019, as amended as of May 12, 2020, 
 as further amended as of May 17, 2021, as further amended December 3, 2021 , and as further amended March 6, 2024 and as further amended July 3, 2024 
 
 among 

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 
 
 The Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party Hereto 

The Lenders Party Hereto 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 and TRUIST BANK 
 as Syndication Agents 
 
 and 

CITIBANK, N.A. and HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Co-Documentation Agents 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. 
 as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

8 

Table Of Contents 

Page ARTICLE I Definitions....................................................................................................................... 1 SECTION 1.01. DEFINED TERMS............................................................................................... 1 SECTION 1.02. CLASSIFICATION OF LOANS AND BORROWINGS.................................... 43 SECTION 1.03. TERMS GENERALLY........................................................................................ 43 SECTION 1.04. ACCOUNTING TERMS GAAP EXCHANGE RATES VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES......................................................................................... 44 SECTION 1.05. CERTIFICATIONS.............................................................................................. 45 SECTION 1.06. INTEREST RATES BENCHMARK NOTIFICATION..................................... 45 SECTION 1.07. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT...................................................................................................... 45 SECTION 1.08. STATUS OF OBLIGATIONS.............................................................................. 46 SECTION 1.09. EXCHANGE RATES CURRENCY EQUIVALENTS...................................... 46 SECTION 1.10. AMENDMENT NO. 4 EFFECTIVE DATE REALLOCATIONS...................... 46 ARTICLE II The Credits............................................................................................................ 47 SECTION 2.01. COMMITMENTS................................................................................................. 47 SECTION 2.02. LOANS AND BORROWINGS............................................................................ 47 SECTION 2.03. REQUESTS FOR REVOLVING BORROWINGS............................................. 48 SECTION 2.04. DETERMINATION OF DOLLAR AMOUNTS................................................. 49 SECTION 2.05. SWINGLINE LOANS.......................................................................................... 50 SECTION 2.06. LETTERS OF CREDIT........................................................................................ 51 SECTION 2.07. FUNDING OF BORROWINGS........................................................................... 57 SECTION 2.08. INTEREST ELECTIONS..................................................................................... 57 SECTION 2.09. TERMINATION AND REDUCTION OF COMMITMENTS............................ 59 SECTION 2.10. REPAYMENT OF LOANS EVIDENCE OF DEBT.......................................... 60 SECTION 2.11. PREPAYMENT OF LOANS................................................................................ 60 SECTION 2.12. FEES..................................................................................................................... 61 SECTION 2.13. INTEREST............................................................................................................ 62 SECTION 2.14. ALTERNATE RATE OF INTEREST.................................................................. 63 SECTION 2.15. INCREASED COSTS........................................................................................... 67 SECTION 2.16. BREAK FUNDING PAYMENTS........................................................................ 68 SECTION 2.17. TAXES.................................................................................................................. 69 SECTION 2.18. PAYMENTS GENERALLY PRO RATA TREATMENT SHARING OF SET-OFFS............................................................................................................. 72 SECTION 2.19. MITIGATION OBLIGATIONS REPLACEMENT OF LENDERS.................. 74 SECTION 2.20. EXPANSION OPTION........................................................................................ 75 SECTION 2.21. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED ......................................................................... 76 SECTION 2.22. JUDGMENT CURRENCY.................................................................................. 76 SECTION 2.23. DESIGNATION OF FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS........................ 77 SECTION 2.24. DEFAULTING LENDERS.................................................................................. 77 SECTION 2.25. EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE................................................................ 79 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties............................................................................ 81 

Table Of Contents 
 (continued) 

 SECTION 3.01. ORGANIZATION POWERS SUBSIDIARIES................................................. 81 SECTION 3.02. AUTHORIZATION ENFORCEABILITY......................................................... 81 SECTION 3.03. GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS NO CONFLICTS...................................... 81 SECTION 3.04. FINANCIAL CONDITION NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE............... 82 SECTION 3.05. PROPERTIES....................................................................................................... 82 SECTION 3.06. LITIGATION........................................................................................................ 82 SECTION 3.07. INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS................................................................ 83 SECTION 3.08. TAXES.................................................................................................................. 83 SECTION 3.09. ERISA................................................................................................................... 83 SECTION 3.10. DISCLOSURE...................................................................................................... 83 SECTION 3.11. FEDERAL RESERVE REGULATIONS............................................................. 83 SECTION 3.12. NO DEFAULT...................................................................................................... 83 SECTION 3.13. ANTI-CORRUPTION LAWS AND SANCTIONS............................................. 83 SECTION 3.14. AFFECTED FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS........................................................ 84 SECTION 3.15. SECURITY INTEREST IN COLLATERAL....................................................... 84 SECTION 3.16. SOLVENCY......................................................................................................... 84 ARTICLE IV Conditions............................................................................................................. 84 SECTION 4.01. EFFECTIVE DATE.............................................................................................. 84 SECTION 4.02. EACH CREDIT EVENT...................................................................................... 85 SECTION 4.03. DESIGNATION OF A FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWER....................... 86 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants.......................................................................................... 87 SECTION 5.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION......................... 87 SECTION 5.02. NOTICES OF MATERIAL EVENTS.................................................................. 88 SECTION 5.03. EXISTENCE CONDUCT OF BUSINESS......................................................... 89 SECTION 5.04. PAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS......................................................................... 89 SECTION 5.05. MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES INSURANCE.......................................... 89 SECTION 5.06. BOOKS AND RECORDS INSPECTION RIGHTS........................................... 90 SECTION 5.07. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND MATERIAL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS.................................................................................................... 90 SECTION 5.08. USE OF PROCEEDS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT.......................................... 90 SECTION 5.09. SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS PLEDGES ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL FURTHER ASSURANCES..................................................... 90 SECTION 5.10. POST-CLOSING MATTERS............................................................................... 92 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants.............................................................................................. 92 SECTION 6.01. INDEBTEDNESS................................................................................................. 93 SECTION 6.02. LIENS................................................................................................................... 95 SECTION 6.03. FUNDAMENTAL CHANGES AND ASSET SALES........................................ 97 
 2 

Table Of Contents 
 (continued) 

 SECTION 6.04. INVESTMENTS, LOANS, ADVANCES, GUARANTEES AND ACQUISITIONS................................................................................................... 99 SECTION 6.05. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES............................................................. 101 SECTION 6.06. RESTRICTED PAYMENTS................................................................................ 102 SECTION 6.07. FINANCIAL COVENANTS................................................................................ 103 ARTICLE VII Events of Default.................................................................................................. 103 SECTION 7.01. EVENTS OF DEFAULT...................................................................................... 103 SECTION 7.02. REMEDIES UPON AN EVENT OF DEFAULT................................................. 105 SECTION 7.03. APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS........................................................................ 106 ARTICLE VIII ............................................................................................................................... 107 The Administrative Agent................................................................................................................... 107 SECTION 8.01. AUTHORIZATION AND ACTION.................................................................... 107 SECTION 8.02. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S RELIANCE, INDEMNIFICATION, ETC...... 110 SECTION 8.03. POSTING OF COMMUNICATIONS.................................................................. 111 SECTION 8.04. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT INDIVIDUALLY....................................... 112 SECTION 8.05. SUCCESSOR ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT...................................................... 113 SECTION 8.06. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF LENDERS AND ISSUING BANK.................. 113 SECTION 8.07. CERTAIN ERISA MATTERS............................................................................. 115 SECTION 8.08. COLLATERAL MATTERS................................................................................. 116 SECTION 8.09. CREDIT BIDDING.............................................................................................. 118 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous....................................................................................................... 119 SECTION 9.01. NOTICES.............................................................................................................. 119 SECTION 9.02. WAIVERS AMENDMENTS.............................................................................. 120 SECTION 9.03. EXPENSES INDEMNITY DAMAGE WAIVER............................................. 123 SECTION 9.04. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.......................................................................... 125 SECTION 9.05. SURVIVAL.......................................................................................................... 128 SECTION 9.06. COUNTERPARTS INTEGRATION EFFECTIVENESS ELECTRONIC EXECUTION........................................................................................................ 128 SECTION 9.07. SEVERABILITY.................................................................................................. 129 SECTION 9.08. RIGHT OF SETOFF............................................................................................. 130 SECTION 9.09. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS............................................................................................................. 130 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL................................................................................. 131 SECTION 9.11. HEADINGS.......................................................................................................... 131 SECTION 9.12. CONFIDENTIALITY........................................................................................... 132 SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT ACT............................................................................................ 133 SECTION 9.14. RELEASES OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS............................................... 133 
 3 

Table Of Contents 
 (continued) 

 SECTION 9.15. INTEREST RATE LIMITATION........................................................................ 133 SECTION 9.16. NO FIDUCIARY DUTY...................................................................................... 134 SECTION 9.17. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT TO BAIL-IN OF AFFECTED FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS............................................................................. 134 SECTION 9.18. APPOINTMENT FOR PERFECTION................................................................ 135 SECTION 9.19. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT REGARDING ANY SUPPORTED QFCS............... 135 ARTICLE X Company Guarantee.............................................................................................. 136 SECTION 10.01. GUARANTEE...................................................................................................... 136 SECTION 10.02. NO SUBROGATION........................................................................................... 136 SECTION 10.03. AMENDMENTS, ETC. WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBSIDIARY OBLIGATIONS.................................................................................................... 137 SECTION 10.04. GUARANTEE ABSOLUTE AND UNCONDITIONAL.................................... 137 SECTION 10.05. REINSTATEMENT.............................................................................................. 138 SECTION 10.06. PAYMENTS......................................................................................................... 138 SECTION 10.07. KEEPWELL.......................................................................................................... 138 

4 

Table Of Contents 
 (continued) 

SCHEDULES 
 
 Schedule 2.01 Commitments 
 Schedule 2.06 Letter of Credit Commitments 
 Schedule 3.01 Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 3.05 Properties 
 Schedule 3.06 Litigation 
 Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 
 Schedule 6.04 Existing Investments 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of Increasing Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit C Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit D List of Closing Documents 
 Exhibit E-1 Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement 
 Exhibit E-2 Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Termination 
 Exhibit F Form of Subsidiary Guaranty 
 Exhibit G-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit G-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit G-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit G-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit H Form of Beneficial Ownership Certification 
 
 5 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 among UNDER ARMOUR, INC., the FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and TRUIST BANK, as Syndication Agents, and CITIBANK, N.A. and HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Documentation Agents. 
 WHEREAS, the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent thereunder, are currently party to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2014 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Company, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to enter into this Agreement in order to (i) amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety (ii) modify and re-evidence the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement, which shall be repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (iii) set forth the terms and conditions under which the Lenders will, from time to time, make loans and extend other financial accommodations to or for the benefit of the Borrowers 
 WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement and modify and re-evidence the obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers outstanding thereunder, which shall be payable in accordance with the terms hereof and 
 WHEREAS, it is also the intent of the Borrowers to confirm that all obligations under the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue in full force and effect as modified and or restated by the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined herein) and that, from and after the Effective Date, all references to the Credit Agreement contained in any such existing Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 ARTICLE I 
 Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 2026 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any 2026 Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such 2026 Lender s 2026 Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate 2026 Commitments of all 2026 Lenders provided that, in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender that is a 2026 Lender shall exist, 2026 Applicable Percentage shall mean a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such 2026 Lender s 2026 Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate 2026 Commitments of all 2026 Lenders (disregarding any 2026 Commitment of a Defaulting Lender that is a 2026 Lender). If the 2026 Commitments have terminated or expired, the 2026 Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the 2026 Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any 2026 Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 

2026 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the 2026 Maturity Date and the date of termination of the 2026 Commitments. 
 2026 Commitment means, with respect to each 2026 Lender, the commitment of such 2026 Lender to make 2026 Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount of such 2026 Lender s 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such 2026 Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each 2026 Lender s 2026 Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its 2026 Commitment, as applicable. 
 2026 Lender means a Lender with a 2026 Commitment or, if the 2026 Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 2026 Maturity Date means December 3, 2026, as extended pursuant to Section 2.25 provided, however, if such date is not a Business Day, such 2026 Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any 2026 Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such 2026 Lender s 2026 Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 2026 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a). 
 2027 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any 2027 Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such 2027 Lender s 2027 Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate 2027 Commitments of all 2027 Lenders provided that, in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender that is a 2027 Lender shall exist, 2027 Applicable Percentage shall mean a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such 2027 Lender s 2027 Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate 2027 Commitments of all 2027 Lenders (disregarding any 2027 Commitment of a Defaulting Lender that is a 2027 Lender). If the 2027 Commitments have terminated or expired, the 2027 Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the 2027 Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any 2027 Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 2027 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the 2027 Maturity Date and the date of termination of the 2027 Commitments. 
 2027 Commitment means, with respect to each 2027 Lender, the commitment of such 2027 Lender to make 2027 Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount of such 2027 Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such 2027 Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each 2027 Lender s 2027 Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its 2027 Commitment, as applicable. 
 2 

2027 Lender means a Lender with a 2027 Commitment or, if the 2027 Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 2027 Maturity Date means December 3, 2027, as extended pursuant to Section 2.25 provided, however, if such date is not a Business Day, such 2027 Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any 2027 Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such 2027 Lender s 2027 Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 2027 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(b). 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate means, (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling, plus (b) 0.0326 , and (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate provided that if the Adjusted EURIBO Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted TIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate provided that if the Adjusted TIBO Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 3 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate amount of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 1,100,000,000. 
 Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro, (iii) Pounds Sterling, (iv) Japanese Yen and (v) any other currency (other than Dollars) (x) that is a lawful currency that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (y) that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the FRBNY Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the FRBNY Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the FRBNY Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means May 12, 2020. 
 Amendment No. 3 Effective Date means December 3, 2021. 
 Amendment No. 4 Effective Date means March 6, 2024. 
 Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Parties has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment provided that, in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. For the avoidance of doubt, 
 4 

each Lender s Applicable Percentage shall be determined without regard to whether such Lender s Commitment is a 2026 Commitment or a 2027 Commitment. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, any ABR Loan, any RFR Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder or with respect to any Commercial Letter of Credit, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Term Benchmark Spread , ABR Spread , RFR Spread , Commitment Fee Rate or Commercial Letter of Credit Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Leverage Ratio (calculated as of the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which Financials have been delivered) applicable on such date 
 Leverage Ratio Term Benchmark Spread RFR Spread ABR Spread Commercial Letter of Credit Rate Commitment Fee Rate Category 1 0.25 to 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.00 0.50 0.15 Category 2 0.25 to 1.00 
 but 
 1.00 to 1.00 
 1.125 1.125 0.125 0.5625 0.175 Category 3 1.00 to 1.00 but 
 1.75 to 1.00 
 1.25 1.25 0.25 0.625 0.20 Category 4 1.75 to 1.00 
 but 
 2.50 to 1.00 
 1.50 1.50 0.50 0.75 0.225 Category 5 2.50 to 1.00 

1.75 1.75 0.75 0.875 0.250 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, 
 (i) if at any time the Company fails to deliver the Financials on or before the date the Financials are due pursuant to Section 5.01, Category 3 shall be deemed applicable for the period commencing three (3) Business Days after the required date of delivery and ending on the date which is three (3) Business Days after the Financials are actually delivered, after which the Category shall be determined in accordance with the table above as applicable 
 (ii) adjustments, if any, to the Category then in effect shall be effective three (3) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has received the applicable Financials (it being understood and agreed that each change in Category shall apply during the period commencing 
 5 

on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change) and 
 (iii) notwithstanding the foregoing, Category 1 shall be deemed to be applicable from the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date until the Administrative Agent s receipt of the applicable Financials for the Company s first fiscal quarter ending after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and adjustments to the Category then in effect shall thereafter be effected in accordance with the preceding paragraphs. 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Foreign Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Arranger means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. in its capacity as a joint bookrunner and a joint lead arranger hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Available Revolving Commitment means, at any time with respect to any Lender, the Commitment of such Lender then in effect minus the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time it being understood and agreed that any Lender s Swingline Exposure shall not be deemed to be a component of the Revolving Credit Exposure for purposes of calculating the commitment fee under Section 2.12(a). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United 
 6 

Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Company or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy , as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan in any Agreed Currency, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below 
 7 

(1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for RFR Borrowings denominated in Dollars or 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) , that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published 
 8 

component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the FRBNY, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term 
 9 

rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification in the form of Exhibit H or such other form regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower means the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Class and Type and currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect provided that until the 2026 Maturity Date, the 2026 Revolving Loans and the 2027 Revolving Loans will be deemed to constitute a single Class for purposes of this definition or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by any Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Loan in accordance with Section 2.03 or Section 2.05, as applicable, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 . 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Termination means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 . 
 Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be 
 10 

(i) in relation to Loans denominated in euro and in relation to the calculation or computation of the EURIBO Rate, any day which is a TARGET Day, (ii) in relation to Loans denominated in Japanese Yen and in relation to the calculation or computation of the TIBO Rate or the Japanese Prime Rate, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Japan, (iii) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only a RFR Business Day and (iv) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means, subject to Section 1.04, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any Capital Lease or any lease entered into as part of any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, which obligations are (or would be, if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) required to be classified and accounted for as Capital Leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof (or the amount that would be capitalized, if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease) at such time determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Equivalents means each of the Investments set forth in clauses (a) through (j) of the definition of Permitted Investments . 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate or the Japanese Prime Rate. 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 
 Central Bank Rate means the greater of (i) (A) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (c) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (ii) the Floor. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means for any Loan denominated in 
 11 

(a) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Pounds Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Pounds Sterling Borrowings was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, 
 (b) euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBO Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, and 
 (c) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, an adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (i)(B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBO Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month. 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 
 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following (a) any circumstance or event which causes any person or entity other than Kevin Plank and or any of the Kevin Plank Family Entities, at any time, to own and control, directly or indirectly, of record and beneficially, voting securities or other interests constituting greater than fifty percent (50 of the votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors of the Company, (b) within a period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, individuals who were directors of the Company on the first day of such period shall cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors of the Company unless such new directors were selected by the then-incumbent directors, or (c) a change of control , fundamental change , make-whole fundamental change or any comparable term under and as defined in any indenture governing any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are 2026 Revolving Loans, 2027 Revolving Loans or Swingline 
 12 

Loans, and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a 2026 Commitment or a 2027 Commitment, and, when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender is a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Co-Documentation Agent means each of Citibank, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its capacity as co-documentation agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 
 Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be or become subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties, pursuant to the Collateral Documents to secure the Secured Obligations, other than Excluded Assets. Other than pursuant to the terms of Section 8.08(d) upon the occurrence of a Collateral and Guarantee Release Event, it shall not be permissible to release all or substantially all of the Collateral without the written consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender). 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, and all other agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledges, assignments or similar agreements, whether heretofore, now, or hereafter executed by any Borrower or any other Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Release Date means the last day of any fiscal quarter during which the Collateral and Guarantee Release Event occurred. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Release Event means the occurrence of the following at any time (1) two of the following three statements shall be true at such time (i) S&P has in effect a Rating of BBB- or higher, (ii) Moody s has in effect a Rating of Baa3 or higher and or (iii) Fitch has in effect a Rating of BBB- or higher and (2) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirements has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.09(f) . 
 Commercial Letter of Credit means a commercial documentary letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement by any Issuing Bank for the account of any Borrower for the purchase of goods in the ordinary course of business. 
 Commitment means a 2026 Commitment or a 2027 Commitment, as the context requires, and Commitments means, collectively, the 2026 Commitments and the 2027 Commitments. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan 
 13 

Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 8.03(c), including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 Company means Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 
 Computation Date is defined in Section 2.04. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, (a) the sum, without duplication, of (i) income from operations, (ii) depreciation expense, (iii) amortization expense, (iv) any cash or non-cash restructuring charges (as defined under GAAP) incurred during such periods (including but not limited to charges resulting from head count reduction, the closure of facilities or stores and similar operational changes), (v) other non-cash charges to income from operations (including but not limited to non-cash stock compensation expense, restructuring charges and impairment charges), excluding changes in non-cash reserves and allowances and , (vi) the amount of net cost savings and operating expense reductions reasonably projected by the Company in good faith to result from actions taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken no later than 18 months after the end of such period that are reasonably identifiable, quantifiable and factually supportable in the good faith judgement of the Company and that are set forth in reasonable detail in a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative Agent , net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period, in each case of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that if any cost savings or operating expense reductions included in any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA based on the projection that such cost savings or operating expense reduction will be achieved within such 18-month period shall at any time cease to be reasonably projected by the Company to be so achieved (or are in fact not so achieved), then on and after such time calculations of Consolidated EBITDA shall not reflect such cost savings or operating expense reductions and (vii) to the extent not previously accrued as an expense in a period other than the applicable Reference Period and without duplication of any insurance proceeds received in respect of such litigation (to the extent such insurance proceeds are otherwise reflected in Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period), an amount remitted or to be remitted by the Company during such Reference Period in connection with the settlement of the securities class action litigation under the caption In re Under Armour Securities Litigation, Case No. 17-cv-00388-RDB in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland in an aggregate amount not to exceed 434,000,000 . For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (each, a Reference Period pursuant to any determination of the Leverage Ratio or the Interest Coverage Ratio or for purposes of testing a covenant under Article VI or otherwise, if at any time during such Reference Period the Company or any Subsidiary shall have made any Material Acquisition or Material Disposition, Consolidated EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (taking into account (A) such cost savings as may be determined by the Company in a manner consistent with the evaluation performed by the Company in deciding to make such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition, provided that the Company may take into account such cost savings only if it in good faith determines on the date of calculation that it is reasonable to expect that such cost savings will be implemented within 365 days following the date of such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition (or in the case of any calculation made subsequent to such 365th day, that such cost savings have, in fact, been implemented) and (B) all transactions that are directly related to such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition and are entered into in connection and substantially contemporaneously therewith) and shall be (i) in the case of a Material Acquisition, increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the Material Acquisition for such Reference Period or decreased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Reference Period 
 14 

and (ii) in the case of a Material Disposition, reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the property that is the subject of such Material Disposition for such Reference Period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Reference Period as if such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition occurred on the first day of such Reference Period. As used in this definition, Material Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that (a) constitutes (i) assets comprising all or substantially all of a business or operating unit of a business or (ii) greater than 50 of the common stock or other Equity Interests of a Person, and (b) involves the payment of consideration by the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of 125,000,000 and Material Disposition means any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property that yields gross proceeds to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 125,000,000. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the actual interest expense, in each case of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Worth means as of any date of determination thereof, the excess of (a) the aggregate consolidated net book value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries after all appropriate adjustments in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, reserves for doubtful receivables, obsolescence, depreciation and amortization) over (b) all of the aggregate liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including all items which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included on the liability side of the balance sheet (other than Equity Interests, treasury stock, capital surplus and retained earnings), in each case determined on a consolidated basis (after eliminating all inter-company items) in accordance with GAAP provided, however, that in calculating Consolidated Net Worth the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 350 shall be disregarded. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means at the end of each fiscal quarter, all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than inter-company Indebtedness or Guarantees) less the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (excluding cash and Cash Equivalents maintained in the People's Republic of China) in excess of 200,000,000 held by the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than cash and Cash Equivalents that appear or would be required to appear on the balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as restricted (other than Liens permitted by clauses (a) and (f) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and unless such appearance as restricted is related to the Loan Documents (or the Liens created thereunder)), in each case calculated on a consolidated basis as of such date in accordance with GAAP. The parties hereto agree that references to the People s Republic of China set forth in this definition shall be deemed to exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 i. a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 15 

ii. a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 iii. a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R 382.2(b). 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 Cross-Default Reference Obligation has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Pounds Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (ii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day a SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. If by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the second (2 nd RFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and 
 16 

including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Disposition means with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, a disposition by a Person of its own Equity Interests shall not constitute a Disposition. The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division . 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Dollar Amount of any amount of any currency means, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company, in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Foreign Holdco Subsidiary means a Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests of (and or receivables or other amounts due from) one or more direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs. 
 17 

Domestic Loan Parties means, collectively, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary organized under the laws of Puerto Rico or any other territory). 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and or the SEC. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Eligible Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary that is approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources or the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. 
 18 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any Reportable Event (b) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (c) the failure of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Plan or the failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, whether or not waived (d) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (e) the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, or the incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan, including but not limited to the imposition of any Lien in favor of the PBGC or any Plan (f) the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or the incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan (g) the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, Insolvent, terminated (within the meaning of Section 4041A of ERISA), or in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA) (h) the failure by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates to make when due any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Sections 431 or 432 of the Code or any installment payment with respect to Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA or (i) any Foreign Plan Event. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBO Screen Rate, two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 EURIBO Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters as published at approximately 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. 
 euro and or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 
 19 

Excluded Accounts (i) payroll accounts, (ii) deposit accounts used for the purpose of making tax payments (including federal, state or local employment taxes and sales tax) in such amounts as are required in the reasonable judgment of the grantor in the ordinary course of business to be paid to the Internal Revenue Service or state or local government agencies, (iii) deposit accounts consisting of amounts required to be paid over to an employee benefit plan pursuant to DOL Reg. Sec. 2510.3-102 on behalf of or for the benefit of employees of one or more Loan Parties, (iv) deposit accounts that hold funds not owned by any Loan Party and (v) zero balance disbursement accounts. 
 Excluded Assets means, collectively (a) motor vehicles and other assets subject to a certificate of title statute except to the extent perfection of a security interest therein may be accomplished by filing of financing statements in appropriate form in a central filing office located in the jurisdiction in which the granting Loan Party is organized, (b) any fee-owned real property and all leasehold or other occupancy or use (other than ownership) interests in real property, (c) assets subject to a Lien securing Capital Lease Obligations, purchase money debt obligations or other Indebtedness or obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement, lease or improvement of any such assets (including any amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any of the foregoing), in each case permitted under this Agreement, if the contract or other agreement in which such Lien is granted prohibits the creation of any other Lien on such assets or requires any consent or establishes any other conditions for or would result in the termination of such contract or other because of an assignment thereof, or a grant of a security interest therein (other than to the extent that any such prohibition or other applicable provisions would be rendered ineffective pursuant to the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law) provided that such asset (i) will be an Excluded Asset pursuant to this clause (c) only to the extent and for so long as the consequences specified above will result and (ii) will cease to be an Excluded Asset pursuant to this clause (c) and will become subject to the Lien granted hereunder (unless otherwise constituting an Excluded Asset), immediately and automatically, at such time as such consequences will no longer result, (d) any lease, license, permit, contract, property right, agreement or other asset to which any Loan Party is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder or property rights are subject if and only for so long as the grant of a Lien hereunder is prohibited by any law, rule or regulation or order of any Governmental Authority or will constitute or result in a breach, termination or default, or requires any consent from a Governmental Authority or other third party not obtained, under any such lease, license, permit, contract, property right or agreement, or the grant of a security interest or lien on such right or interest would result in the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of such right or interest (other than to the extent that any such applicable law, rule, regulation or term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law) provided that such lease, license, permit, contract, property right or agreement will be an Excluded Asset only to the extent and for so long as the consequences specified above will result and will cease to be an Excluded Asset and will become subject to the Lien granted hereunder (unless otherwise constituting an Excluded Asset), immediately and automatically, at such time as such consequences will no longer result, (e) any portion of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of a Subsidiary not required to be subject to a perfected lien in favor of the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 5.09(b) hereof, (f) any applications for trademarks or service marks filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office PTO ), or any successor office thereto pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1051 Section 1(b) unless and until evidence of use of the mark in interstate commerce is submitted to and accepted by the PTO pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1051 Section 1(c) or Section 1(d), (g) Equity Interests in entities where a Loan Party holds 50 or less of the outstanding Equity Interests of such entity, to the extent a pledge of such Equity Interests is prohibited by the organizational documents or agreements with the other equity holders of such entity, (h) Excluded Accounts, (i) shares of capital stock and debt (as defined in the Indenture) of any Significant Subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture), (j) Margin Stock, (k) any equity in a regulated Subsidiary or any asset owned by a regulated 
 20 

Subsidiary to the extent prohibited by any law, rule or regulation or that would if pledged, in the good faith judgment of the Company, result in adverse regulatory consequences or impair the conduct of the business of the Company or such Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the applicable anti- assignment provisions of applicable law, (l) any trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, design rights, and other intellectual property (and rights therein and thereto) arising or subsisting under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, (m) any assets the granting of a security interest in which would result in material adverse Tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Company in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (n) Equity Interests in captive insurance companies and (o) any particular assets if, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Company, the burden, cost or consequences of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in such assets is excessive in relation to the benefits to be obtained therefrom by the Lenders under the Loan Documents provided that, Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of Excluded Assets (unless such proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Assets). 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (i) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC, (ii) reserved , (iii) any Domestic Foreign Holdco Subsidiary, (iv) any captive insurance company, and (v) any Subsidiary for which the provision of a Guarantee would result in material adverse Tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Company in consultation with the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, no direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiary (including any Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) will be an obligor with respect to any of the Obligations of the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Excluded Supply Chain Financing Agreement has the meaning given such term in the definition of Supply Chain Financing. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes 
 21 

attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned in the recitals. 
 Existing Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the FRBNY based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the FRBNY s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the FRBNY as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Final Release Conditions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14(d). 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer of the Company. 
 Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to (x) for the periods during which the Company does not have any Variable Interest Entities, Section 5.01(a)(i) or 5.01(b)(i) and (y) for the periods when the Company has one or more Variable Interest Entities, Section 5.01(a)(ii) or 5.01(b)(ii). 
 First Tier Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which any one or more of the Domestic Loan Parties directly owns or Controls more than 50 of such Foreign Subsidiary s issued and outstanding Equity Interests. 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate shall be zero. 
 Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 
 22 

Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA) that is not subject to United States law and is maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the failure to make or, if applicable, accrue in accordance with normal accounting practices, any employer or employee contributions required by applicable law or by the terms of such Foreign Plan, (b) the failure to register or loss of good standing with applicable regulatory authorities of any such Foreign Plan required to be registered, or (c) the failure of any Foreign Plan to comply with any material provisions of applicable law and regulations or with the material terms of such Foreign Plan. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Borrower means any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 and that has not ceased to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to such Section. 
 FRBNY means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 FRBNY Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if both such rates are not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the term FRBNY Rate means the rate quoted for such day for a federal funds transaction at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 FRBNY s Website means the website of the FRBNY at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or 
 23 

indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. For purposes of all calculations provided for in this Agreement, the amount of any Guarantee of any guarantor shall be deemed to be the lower of (x) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (y) the maximum amount for which such guarantor may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guarantor may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be such guarantor s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Company in good faith. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade and accounts payable and accrued expenses, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, and any earnout obligations or similar deferred or contingent purchase price obligations until matured or earned), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person (to the extent of such Person s interest in such property, which shall not exceed the greater of the book or fair market value of property subject to such Lien), whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances and (j) all net payment and performance obligations of such Person under or in connection with Swap Agreements. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. For purposes of all calculations provided for in this Agreement, there shall be disregarded any Guarantee of any Person in respect of any Indebtedness of any other Person with which the accounts of such first Person are then required to be consolidated in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts available and not drawn under the Commitments shall be deemed not to be Indebtedness. The amount of 
 24 

any net obligation under any Swap Agreement on any date shall be the Swap Termination Value as of such date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, any Permitted Warrant Transaction, and any obligations thereunder, in each case, shall not constitute Indebtedness of Company. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b). 
 Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of June 13, 2016, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 13, 2016, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, with respect to the Company s 3.250 senior notes due 2026. 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Insolvent means, with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus , without duplication and to the extent not already added back to Consolidated EBITDA, interest income of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed 3,000,000 to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) and any Loan that bears interest at the Japanese Prime Rate, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the applicable Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the applicable Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the applicable Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the applicable Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months (or, if acceptable to all Lenders, twelve months) thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the applicable Borrower (or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period 
 25 

shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) by such Person of Equity Interests, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, any other Person, or any direct or indirect loan, advance, Guarantee, investment or capital contribution by such Person to any other Person. In computing the amount involved in any Investment at the time outstanding, (a) undistributed earnings of, and unpaid interest accrued in respect of Indebtedness owing by, such other Person shall not be included, (b) there shall not be deducted from the amounts invested in such other Person any amounts received as earnings (in the form of dividends, interest or otherwise) on such Investment or as loans from such other Person and (c) unrealized increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or writeoffs, of Investments in such other Person shall be disregarded. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association and each other Lender designated by the Company as an Issuing Bank hereunder that has agreed to such designation (and is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto, and, further, references herein to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to each of the Issuing Banks or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the context requires. 
 Japanese Prime Rate means for any Loan denominated in Japanese Yen the greater of (a) (i) the Japanese local bank prime rate plus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment and (b) the Floor. 
 Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in Japanese Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the TIBO Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest TIBO Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate in effect on the last Business Day in such period provided, that for purposes of this definition, the Japanese Prime Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (a)(ii) of the definition of such term. For purposes of this definition, the TIBO Rate on any day shall be based on the TIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Japanese Yen for a maturity of one month. 
 Japanese Yen means the lawful currency of Japan. 
 Kevin Plank Family Entity shall mean (i) any not-for-profit corporation controlled by Kevin Plank, his wife or children, or any combination thereof (ii) any other corporation if at least 66 of the value and voting power of its outstanding equity is owned by Kevin Plank, his wife or children, or any 
 26 

combination thereof (iii) any partnership if at least 66 of the value and voting power of its partnership interests are owned by Kevin Plank, his wife or children, or any combination thereof (iv) any limited liability or similar company if at least 66 of the value and voting power of the company and its membership interests are owned by Kevin Plank, his wife or children or (v) any trust the primary beneficiaries of which are Kevin Plank, his wife, children and or charitable organizations, which if the trust is a wholly charitable trust, at least 66 of the trustees of such trust are appointed by Kevin Plank or his wife. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms in the governing rules or laws or of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Company and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 
 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(d). 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Letter of Credit means any Commercial Letter of Credit or Standby Letter of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b). 
 Letter of Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The amount of each Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.06 , or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank 
 27 

may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Company, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 
 Leverage Ratio has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a). 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the filing of a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement that is a protective lease filing in respect of an operating lease that does not constitute a security interest in the leased property or otherwise give rise to a Lien does not constitute a Lien solely on account of being filed in a public office. 
 LLC means any Person that is a limited liability company under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, the Subsidiary Guaranty, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination, any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e) and any Letter of Credit applications, any Letter of Credit Agreement and any agreements between the Company and or any other Borrower and an Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment or the respective rights and obligations between the Company and or such other Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars and (ii) local time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency (it being understood that such local time shall mean (a) London, England time with respect to any Foreign Currency (other than euro) and (b) Brussels, Belgium time with respect to euro, in each case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations U. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, property or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the rights and remedies, taken as a whole, of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents. 
 28 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 100,000,000. 
 Maturity Date means the 2026 Maturity Date or the 2027 Maturity Date, as the context requires. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to the ratings business thereof. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the FRBNY as set forth on the FRBNY s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the FRBNY as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the FRBNY Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, an 
 29 

overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) by the Company or any Subsidiary, on or after the Effective Date (whether effected through a purchase of Equity Interests or assets or through a merger, consolidation or amalgamation), of (i) greater than 50 of the Equity Interests of a Person, including the acquisition of additional Equity Interests of any Person in which the Company or any Subsidiary owns an Equity Interest or (ii) the assets constituting all or substantially all of a business or operating business unit of another Person provided that (a) the assets so acquired or, as the case may be, the assets of the Person so acquired shall be in a Related Line of Business, (b) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time thereof or would result therefrom, (c) such acquisition shall be effected in such manner so that the acquired Equity Interests or assets are owned either by the Company or a Subsidiary and, if effected by merger, consolidation or amalgamation, the continuing, surviving or resulting entity shall be the Company or a Subsidiary, (d) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition, with the covenants contained in Section 6.07 recomputed as at the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which Financials have been delivered, as if such acquisition had occurred on the first day of each relevant period for testing such compliance and (e) the aggregate consideration paid in respect of such acquisition, when taken together with the aggregate consideration paid in respect of all other acquisitions consummated during any fiscal year of the Company, does not exceed 75,000,000 provided that such Dollar limitation shall not be applicable (and Permitted Acquisitions that otherwise meet the requirements in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d) shall be permitted in unlimited amounts) if at the time of the consummation of such acquisition and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto, the Leverage Ratio (calculated as of the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which Financials have been delivered) is equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call or capped call options (or substantively equivalent derivative transactions) relating to the Company s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change or adjustment applicable to the common stock of Company) purchased by the Company in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness provided that the premium or purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Company from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Company from the issuance of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to which such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction relates. 
 
 30 

Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means any unsecured notes issued by the Company that are convertible into a fixed number (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, make-whole increase and other customary changes thereto) of shares of common stock of the Company (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change or adjustment applicable to the common stock of Company), cash or any combination thereof (with the amount of such cash or such combination determined by reference to the market price of such common stock or such other securities) provided that, the Indebtedness thereunder must satisfy each of the following conditions (i) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) any cross-default or cross-acceleration event of default (each howsoever defined) provision contained therein that relates to indebtedness for money borrowed of Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (such indebtedness, a Cross-Default Reference Obligation contains a cure period of at least thirty (30) calendar days (after written notice to the Company or the issuer of such Indebtedness by the trustee or to the Company or the issuer of such Indebtedness and the trustee by holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness then outstanding in accordance with the indenture) before the cross-default, or cross-acceleration event of default under such Cross-Default Reference Obligation results in an event of default with respect to the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, and (iii) the terms, conditions and covenants of such Indebtedness must be customary for convertible Indebtedness of such type (as determined by the Company in good faith). 
 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes and duties, assessments, governmental charges or levies that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04, including Liens imposed for one or more Special Tax Districts 
 
 (b) landlords, carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , shippers , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 45 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 
 (c) pledges and deposits made in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions and other social security laws or regulations, and pledges and deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements 
 
 (d) Liens, pledges and deposits to secure the performance of tenders, bids, trade contracts, leases, public or statutory obligations, warranty requirements, customs, surety and appeal bonds, bonds posted in connection with actions, suits or proceedings, performance and bid bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations), in each case in the ordinary course of business and letters of credit and guarantees issued in respect thereof 
 
 (e) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of any credit card receivables of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
 
 (f) judgment, attachment or other similar liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII 
 
 (g) easements, zoning restrictions, restrictive covenants, encroachments, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or any Subsidiary 
 31 

(h) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Permitted Investments and 
 
 (i) liens on accounts receivable and related assets, including proceeds thereof, owing to the Company or any Subsidiary from a customer thereof and which are sold, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice prior to the Effective Date, by the Company or such Subsidiary as true sales to a third-party financial institution purchaser (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, a sale of all or substantially all of the accounts receivable of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries generally and also excluding any sale pursuant to an accounts receivable securitization or similar facility) 
 
 provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
 
 Permitted Investments means 
 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are directly and fully guaranteed or insured by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), any Participating Member State, the United Kingdom or Japan 
 
 (b) investments in commercial paper having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-2 from S&P or P-2 from Moody s 
 
 (c) investments in demand deposits, certificates of deposit, eurocurrency time deposits, banker s acceptances and time deposits issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any Lender or any commercial bank which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 100,000,000 
 
 (d) repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 12 months for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above 
 
 (e) securities with maturities of three years or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth or territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated, at such date of acquisition, at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s 
 
 (f) securities with maturities of three years or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (c) of this definition 
 
 (g) shares of money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in (a) Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended or (b) Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 3c-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and (ii) have portfolio assets of at least (x) in the case of funds that invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clause (a) of this definition, 250,000,000 and (y) in all other cases, 500,000,000 
 
 32 

(h) in the case of investments by any Foreign Subsidiary, obligations of a credit quality and maturity comparable to that of the items referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above that are available in local markets 
 
 (i) corporate debt obligations with a Moody s rating of at least A3 or an S&P rating of at least A-, or their equivalent, as follows (i) corporate notes and bonds and (ii) medium term notes 
 
 (j) mutual funds which invest primarily in the securities described in clauses (a) through (d) above 
 
 (k) trade credit extended on usual and customary terms in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (l) advances to employees in the ordinary course of business to meet reasonable expenses 
 
 (m) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions (including the Company s entry into, payment and receipt of premiums and other amounts in respect of, and performance of obligations under, such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions, in accordance with their terms) and 
 
 (n) corporate debt obligations with a Moody s rating of at least Baa or an S&P rating of at least BBB-, or their equivalent, as follows (i) corporate notes and bonds and (ii) medium term notes. 
 
 Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Company s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change or adjustment applicable to the common stock of the Company) and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock or other securities or property) sold by the Company substantially concurrently with any purchase by the Company of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, but not including any Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer (as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA). 
 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Pledge Subsidiary means (i) each Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) each First Tier Foreign Subsidiary which is a Significant Subsidiary provided that no Significant Subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture) shall be a Pledge Subsidiary. 
 
 Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest 
 33 

Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 
 Priority Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Subsidiary which is not a Subsidiary Guarantor, owing to a Person other than the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 
 Ratings means the issuer credit rating established for the Company by S&P, the corporate family rating established for the Company by Moody s or the issuer default rating established for the Company by Fitch, as applicable. 
 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two (2) U.S. Governmental Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (ii) if such Benchmark is the EURIBO Rate, 11 00 a.m., Brussels time two (2) TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (iii) if such Benchmark is the TIBO Rate, 11 00 a.m. Japan time two (2) Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (iv) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four (4) Business Days prior to such setting, (v) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (vi) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, the EURIBO Rate, the TIBO Rate or SONIA, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Line of Business means (a) any line of business in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is engaged as of, or immediately prior to, the Effective Date, (b) any wholesale, retail or other distribution of products or services under any domestic or foreign patent, trademark, service mark, trade name, copyright or license or (c) any similar, ancillary, complimentary or related business, or a reasonable extension, development or expansion thereof, and any business which provides a service and or supplies products in connection with any business described in clause (a) or (b) above. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, partners, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Board and or the FRBNY or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and or the FRBNY or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a 
 34 

Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Japanese Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in each case, any successor thereto and (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBO Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, the TIBO Rate or (iv) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Dollars, the applicable Daily Simple RFR, in each case, as applicable. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBO Screen Rate or (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, the TIBO Screen Rate, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan, other than those events as to which notice is waived pursuant to DOL Regulation Section 4043 as in effect on the date hereof (no matter how such notice requirement may be changed in the future). 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.24, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures (provided, that, as to any Lender, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable in calculating a Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to the extent such Lender shall have funded its respective participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans) and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time provided that for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII , and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments expire or terminate, then, as to each Lender, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, the Articles or Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, Articles or Certificate of Formation and Operating Agreement, or Certificate of Partnership or partnership agreement or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 35 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Loan means a 2026 Revolving Loan or a 2027 Revolving Loan, as the context requires, and Revolving Loans means, collectively, the 2026 Revolving Loans and the 2027 Revolving Loans. 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA and (b) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR, and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate. 
 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business and any successor to the ratings business thereof. 
 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of any property or asset by any Person with the intent to lease such property or asset as lessee. 
 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 36 

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all Swap Obligations, Banking Services Obligations and Supply Chain Finance Obligations (except for those arising under Excluded Supply Chain Financing Agreements) owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates provided that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 
 Secured Parties means the holders of the Secured Obligations from time to time and shall include (i) each Lender and each Issuing Bank in respect of its Loans and LC Exposure respectively, (ii) the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Lenders in respect of all other present and future obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers and each Subsidiary of every type and description arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) each Lender and Affiliate of such Lender in respect of Swap Agreements, Banking Services Agreements and Supply Chain Financings (except those under Excluded Supply Chain Financing Agreements) entered into with such Person by the Borrowers or any Subsidiary, (iv) each indemnified party under Section 9.03 in respect of the obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers to such Person hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (v) their respective successors and (in the case of a Lender, permitted) transferees and assigns. 
 
 Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, between the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any other Person, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Significant Subsidiary means any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary as defined in Regulation S-X, part 210.1-02 of Title 17 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the FRBNY s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 
 Solvent means, as to the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater 
 37 

than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts, including contingent debts, as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities, including contingent debts and liabilities, beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

Special Tax District means a special taxing district that is created to (a) support any TIF Financing Obligation, or (b) provide services supplemental to those customarily provided by the applicable local Governmental Authorities. 
 
 Specified Capital Markets Indebtedness means any indebtedness in the form of publicly issued or privately placed debt securities issued in the capital markets (including hybrid securities and debt securities convertible into equity securities) pursuant to a public registered offering or Rule 144A or other private placement, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) syndicated credit or loan facilities, (ii) bilateral credit or loan facilities, (iii) commercial paper, (iv) Sale and Leaseback Transactions, (v) purchase money indebtedness, capital leases and or inventory financing and (vi) indebtedness incurred to refinance, extend, renew and or refund any existing indebtedness due within twelve (12) months of the closing date (other than under this Agreement) to the extent that the outstanding principal amount of such existing indebtedness is not increased (except as grossed-up for customary fees and expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding). 
 Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Standby Letter of Credit means an irrevocable letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement by an Issuing Bank pursuant to which such Issuing Bank agrees to make payments in an Agreed Currency for the account of any Borrower or, subject to Section 2.06(a), any Subsidiary, in respect of obligations of such Borrower incurred pursuant to contracts made or performances undertaken or to be undertaken or like matters relating to contracts to which the such Borrower is or proposes to become a party in furtherance of such Person s good faith business purposes, including, but not limited to, for insurance purposes and in connection with lease transactions. 
 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the 
 38 

maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate, as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of the Board) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the payment of which is contractually subordinated to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall not constitute Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any reference herein to a Subsidiary shall exclude any Variable Interest Entity. 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means each Significant Subsidiary that is party to the Subsidiary Guaranty and each other Subsidiary that the Company elects to cause to become a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty in its sole and absolute discretion. The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date are identified as such in Schedule 3.01 hereto. Other than upon the occurrence of a Collateral and Guarantee Release Event, it shall not be permissible to release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, a release resulting from a Disposition permitted under this Agreement shall not require the written consent of each Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Excluded Subsidiary shall be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means that certain Guarantee Agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date in the form of Exhibit F (including any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Supply Chain Finance Obligations means obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary relating to Supply Chain Financings with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, other than Supply Chain Financings arising under an Excluded Supply Chain Financing Agreement. 
 
 39 

Supply Chain Financing shall mean credit support and or payment obligations in respect of trade payables of the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case issued for the benefit of, or payable to, any bank, financial institution or other person that has acquired such trade payables pursuant to supply chain or other similar financing for vendors and suppliers of the Company or any Subsidiaries, so long as (i) other than pursuant to this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, such payment obligations are unsecured, (ii) the payment maturity date of such trade payables shall not have been extended after such trade payables have been acquired in connection with the Supply Chain Financing and (iii) such payment obligations represent amounts not in excess of those which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would otherwise have been obligated to pay to its vendor or supplier in respect of the applicable trade payables. The Company or the relevant Subsidiary and the Lender or its Affiliate providing Supply Chain Financing may designate in writing to the Administrative Agent any Supply Chain Financing agreement as an agreement to be included as a Supply Chain Finance Obligations for purposes of this Agreement. Any Supply Chain Financing agreement that has not been designated in writing to the Administrative Agent to be included as a Supply Chain Finance Obligations shall be, an Excluded Supply Chain Financing Agreement . 
 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 
 Swap Agreement means (i) any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option, cap or collar agreements or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more interest or exchange rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement, and (ii) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction shall be considered a Swap Agreement. 
 
 Swap Obligations means any and all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, no Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction shall be considered a Swap Obligation. 
 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value (s) for such Swap Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be 
 40 

the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 
 
 Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans hereunder and its successors in such capacity. 
 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. 
 
 Syndication Agent means each of PNC Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A. and Truist Bank in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 
 
 T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
 
 TARGET Day means any day on which T2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate. 
 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 41 

TIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBO Screen Rate two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 
 TIBO Screen Rate means the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1 00 p.m., Japan time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 
 TIF Financing Obligation means any notes, bonds or other obligations issued by a Governmental Authority at the request and for the benefit of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the community in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries conducts any portion of its business. 
 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of all Lenders Revolving Loans, their LC Exposure and their Swingline Exposure at such time provided , that clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable to the extent Lenders shall have funded their respective participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate, the Alternate Base Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 42 

Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure provided , that , as to any Lender, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable in calculating a Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to the extent such Lender shall have funded its respective participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 
 Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 
 Variable Interest Entity means any variable interest entity that the Company is required to consolidate pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810. 
 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ). 
 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed 
 43 

as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Exchange Rates Variable Interest Entities. 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision shall have been amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein, and the determination of Indebtedness hereunder, shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (iii) without giving effect to Accounting Standards Codification 842 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to the extent any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) would be required to be treated as a capital lease thereunder where such lease (or similar arrangement) would have been treated as an operating lease under GAAP as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Accounting Standards Codification 842. For the avoidance of doubt, and without limitation of the foregoing, Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and shall not include any reduction or appreciation in value of the shares deliverable upon conversion thereof. 
 
 (b) For purposes of (i) determining the amount of Indebtedness incurred, outstanding or proposed to be incurred or outstanding under Section 6.01 (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any calculation of Consolidated Net Worth or Consolidated EBITDA), (ii) determining the amount of 
 44 

obligations secured by Liens incurred, outstanding or proposed to be incurred or outstanding under Section 6.02, or (iii) determining the amount of Material Indebtedness, the net assets of a Person or judgments outstanding under paragraphs (f), (g), (h), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII, all amounts incurred, outstanding or proposed to be incurred or outstanding in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into dollars in the Dollar Amount thereof on the applicable date, provided that no Default shall arise as a result of any limitation set forth in Dollars in Section 6.01 or 6.02 being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates from those rates applicable at the time or times Indebtedness or obligations secured by Liens were initially consummated or acquired in reliance on the exceptions under such Sections. 
 
 (c) All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to exclude each Variable Interest Entity that the Company would otherwise be required to consolidate pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810. 
 
 SECTION 1.05. Certifications . All certificates and other statements required to be made by any officer, director or employee of a Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document are and will be made on the behalf of such Loan Party and not in such officer s, director s or employee s individual capacity. 
 
 SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or a Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.07. Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement . The parties to this Agreement agree that, upon (i) the execution and delivery by each of the parties hereto of this Agreement and (ii) satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01, the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. All Loans made and Obligations incurred under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Loans and Obligations under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the 
 45 

Effective Date (a) all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent , the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (b) the existing Letters of Credit which remain outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Letters of Credit under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement, (c) all obligations constituting Obligations owed to any Lender or any Affiliate of such Lender which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of each Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure under the Existing Credit Agreement as are necessary in order that each such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure and outstanding Revolving Loans hereunder reflects such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures on the Effective Date and (e) the Company hereby agree to compensate each Lender for any and all losses, costs and expenses incurred by such Lender in connection with the sale and assignment of any Eurocurrency Loans (as defined in this Agreement prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) (including the Eurocurrency Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement) and such reallocation described above, in each case on the terms and in the manner set forth in Section 2.16 hereof. 
 
 SECTION 1.08. Status of Obligation s. In the event that the Company or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Company shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Secured Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 
 SECTION 1.09. Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents. 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Amount of Term Benchmark Borrowings or Letters of Credit denominated in Foreign Currencies. Such Dollar Amount shall become effective as of such Computation Date and shall be the Dollar Amount of such amounts until the next Computation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Company hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in a Foreign Currency, such amount shall be the Dollar Amount of such amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Foreign Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be. 
 
 SECTION 1.10. Amendment No. 4 Effective Date Reallocations . The parties to this Agreement agree that, on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (a) the Commitments (as defined in 
 46 

this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date) shall be allocated between, and redesignated as, 2026 Commitments and 2027 Commitments hereunder and (b) the Administrative Agent shall make such other reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of each Lender s credit and loan exposure under the this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date as are necessary in order that each such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder reflects such Lender s 2026 Applicable Percentage or 2027 Applicable Percentage, as applicable, of the outstanding aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. 

ARTICLE II 
 The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments . Prior to the Effective Date, certain revolving loans were made to the Company under the Existing Credit Agreement which remain outstanding as of the date of this Agreement (such outstanding loans being hereinafter referred to as the Existing Loans ). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company and each of the Lenders agree that on the Effective Date but subject to the reallocation and other transactions described in Section 1.07, the Existing Loans shall be reevidenced as Revolving Loans under this Agreement and the terms of the Existing Loans shall be restated in their entirety and shall be evidenced by this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (a) each 2026 Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make 2026 Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the 2026 Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), (i) the Dollar Amount of such 2026 Lender s 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such 2026 Lender s 2026 Commitment, (ii) the total 2026 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2026 Commitments, or (iii) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment and (b) each 2027 Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make 2027 Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the 2027 Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), (i) the Dollar Amount of such 2027 Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such 2027 Lender s 2027 Commitment, (ii) the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2027 Commitments, or (iii) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class provided, however, that (i) until the 2026 Maturity Date, each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall consist of both Classes of Revolving Loans (including both 2026 Revolving Loans and 2027 Revolving Loans) made by the Lenders (including both the 2026 Lenders and the 2027 Lenders) ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments on the date such Revolving Loans are made hereunder and (ii) on and after the 2026 Maturity Date, each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall consist of 2027 Revolving Loans made by the 2027 Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective 2027 Commitments on the date such Revolving Loans are made hereunder. The failure of any Lender to make 
 47 

any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. 
 (a) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (i) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans and (ii) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the relevant Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the relevant Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, JPY10,000,000 or (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen, 100,000 units of such currency) and not less than 1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, JPY100,000,000 or (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen, 1,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Amount of 100,000 and not less than the Dollar Amount of 500,000 provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 500,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested (i) with respect to a Borrowing consisting of 2026 Revolving Loans would end after the 2026 Maturity Date or (ii) with respect to a Borrowing consisting of 2027 Revolving Loans would end after the 2027 Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03. R equests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) (i)(x) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (y) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro or Japanese Yen, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (z) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and (ii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of 
 48 

the applicable Borrower) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower 
 (ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing 
 (v) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, the Agreed Currency to be applicable thereto 
 (vi) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (vii) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts . The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Amount of 
 (a) any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii)(A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), 
 (b) any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof, and 
 (c) any Credit Event, on any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. 
 Each day upon or as of which the Administrative Agent determines Dollar Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c) is herein described as a Computation Date with respect to each Credit Event for which a Dollar Amount is determined on or as of such day. 
 49 

SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may in its sole discretion make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Company from time to time during the 2027 Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 50,000,000, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment, (iii) the Dollar Amount of any 2026 Lender s 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such 2026 Lender s 2026 Commitment, (iv) the total 2026 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2026 Commitments, (v) the Dollar Amount of any 2027 Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such 2027 Lender s 2027 Commitment, (vi) the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the sum of the total 2027 Commitments, or (vii) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (a) To request a Swingline Loan, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company), not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Company. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Company by means of a credit to an account of the Company with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the relevant Issuing Bank) by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (b) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to the reallocation provisions of this Section 2.05(c)) of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12 00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on such Business Day and if received after 12 00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to the reallocation provisions of this Section 2.05(c)) of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever provided that on the 2026 Maturity Date, the participations so acquired by the 2026 Lenders shall be reallocated to the 2027 Lenders ratably in accordance with such 2027 Lenders respective Applicable Percentages determined after giving effect to the termination of the 2026 Commitments (provided that, to the extent such reallocation shall cause the total 2027 Revolving 
 50 

Credit Exposures to exceed the 2027 Commitments, the Borrowers shall, on such date of reallocation, prepay 2027 Revolving Loans and or cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure in an amount sufficient to eliminate any such excess). Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Company (or other party on behalf of the Company) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (c) The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (d) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender satisfactory to the Company in its commercially reasonable discretion, the Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above. 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit . (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, any Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit in the form of Commercial Letters of Credit or Standby Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies for its own account or for the account of any Subsidiary or Variable Interest Entity, in a form reasonably acceptable to the relevant Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the 2027 Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. The Company unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Subsidiary or Variable Interest Entity as provided in the first sentence of this 
 51 

paragraph, the Company will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Company hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such a Subsidiary or Variable Interest Entity that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement or (iii) in any manner that would result in a violation of one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (a) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the applicable Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the relevant Issuing Bank) to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Company shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the relevant Issuing Bank (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement ). A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), (i) the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed 50,000,000, (ii) the sum of (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the applicable Borrower at such time shall not exceed such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment, (iii) the sum of the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment, (iv) the Dollar Amount of any 2026 Lender s 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such 2026 Lender s 2026 Commitment, (v) the total 2026 Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the sum of the total 2026 Commitments, (vi) the Dollar Amount of any 2027 Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such 2027 Lender s 2027 Commitment, (vii) the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the sum of the total 2027 Commitments and (viii) the Dollar Amount of each Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment. The Company may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank provided that the Company shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (viii) shall not be satisfied. 
 52 

(b) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the 2027 Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Letter of Credit issued in the final year prior to the 2027 Maturity Date may expire no later than one year after the 2027 Maturity Date so long as the Company cash collateralizes an amount equal to 105 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit, by no later than thirty (30) days prior to the 2027 Maturity Date, in the manner described in Section 2.06(j) and otherwise on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, if the 2027 Maturity Date shall be extended pursuant to Section 2.25, 2027 Maturity Date as referenced in this clause (c) shall refer to the 2027 Maturity Date as extended pursuant to Section 2.25 provided that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement (including Section 2.25 hereof) or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the 2027 Maturity Date, as such term is used in reference to any Issuing Bank or any Letter of Credit issued thereby, may not be extended without the prior written consent of the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 (c) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the relevant Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the relevant Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the relevant Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit provided that on the 2026 Maturity Date, the participations so granted and acquired by the 2026 Lenders shall be reallocated to the 2027 Lenders ratably in accordance with such 2027 Lenders respective Applicable Percentages determined after giving effect to the termination of the 2026 Commitments (provided that, to the extent such reallocation shall cause the total 2027 Revolving Credit Exposures to exceed the 2027 Commitments, the Borrowers shall, on such date of reallocation, prepay 2027 Revolving Loans and or cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure in an amount sufficient to eliminate any such excess). In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the applicable Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to any Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (d) Reimbursement . If the relevant Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the Dollar Amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement (or if such Issuing Bank shall so elect in its sole discretion by notice to the applicable Borrower, in such other Agreed Currency which was paid by such Issuing Bank pursuant to such LC Disbursement in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement) not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the Business Day immediately following the date that such LC Disbursement is made provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than the Dollar Amount of 500,000, such Borrower may, subject to the 
 53 

conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with (i) to the extent such LC Disbursement was made in Dollars, an ABR Revolving Borrowing, Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in Dollars in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement or (ii) to the extent such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing in such Foreign Currency in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement and, in each case, to the extent so financed, such Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing, Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If any Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from such Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the applicable Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from any Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans, Term Benchmark Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the applicable Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If any Borrower s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Foreign Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, such Borrower shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Foreign Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount thereof calculated on the date such LC Disbursement is made. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . Each Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the relevant Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, any Borrower s obligations hereunder or (v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Foreign Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances 
 54 

referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the relevant Issuing Bank from liability to a Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by such Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (f) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve such Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (g) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the applicable Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that such Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Rate for such Agreed Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans) provided that, if such Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (h) Replacement and Resignation of any Issuing Bank . (i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of any Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by such successor Issuing Bank thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to 
 55 

such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank satisfactory to the Company in its commercially reasonable discretion, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, in which case, the resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above. 
 (i) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that any Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, such Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that (i) the portions of such amount attributable to undrawn Foreign Currency Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements in a Foreign Currency that such Borrower is not late in reimbursing shall be deposited in the applicable Foreign Currencies in the actual amounts of such undrawn Letters of Credit and LC Disbursements and (ii) the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Dollar Amount of the Foreign Currency LC Exposure shall be calculated on the date notice demanding cash collateralization is delivered to the applicable Borrower. Each Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If any Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to such Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (j) Issuing Bank Agreements . Each Issuing Bank agrees that, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on the first Business Day of each week, the daily activity (set forth by day) 
 56 

in respect of Letters of Credit during the immediately preceding week, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancellations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount and currency of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank pays any amount in respect of one or more drawings under Letters of Credit, the date of such payment(s) and the amount and currency of such payment(s), (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrowers fail to reimburse any Reimbursement Obligation required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount and currency of such payment in respect of Letters of Credit and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 2 00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 1 00 p.m., Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency and at such Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to an account of the Company or the relevant Borrower designated by the Company or the relevant Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request provided that Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 (a) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender ((x) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to the proposed time of such Borrowing and (y) otherwise prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans, or in the case of Foreign Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If a Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by a Borrower shall be without prejudice 
 57 

to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section (or pursuant to other arrangements separately agreed upon by the relevant Borrower and the Administrative Agent). A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Loan Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (a) To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by irrevocable written notice via an Interest Election Request signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) , (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under such Borrowing or (iv) change the Class of any Borrowing. 
 (b) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Agreed Currency and principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 58 

(d) If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be deemed to have an Interest Period that is one (1) month. If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, (x) (A) each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (B) each RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing immediately and (y) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in a Foreign Currency shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the next applicable Interest Payment Date, as applicable, therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the next applicable Interest Payment Date, as applicable, in full provided that if no election is made by the relevant Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, such Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, (i) the 2026 Commitments shall terminate on the 2026 Maturity Date and (ii) the 2027 Commitments shall terminate on the 2027 Maturity Date. 
 (a) The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments of any Class provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments of any Class if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, (A) the Dollar Amount of any Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Commitment, (B) the Dollar Amount of any 2026 Lender s 2026 Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its 2026 Commitment, (C) the Dollar Amount of any 2027 Lender s 2027 Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its 2027 Commitment or (D) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 
 (b) The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments of any Class under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the 
 59 

effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments of any Class delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, indentures or similar agreements or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class. 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each 2026 Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each 2026 Revolving Loan made to such Borrower on the 2026 Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan, (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each 2027 Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each 2027 Revolving Loan made to such Borrower on the 2027 Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan, and (iii) in the case of the Company, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the 2026 Maturity Date (or, following the 2026 Maturity Date, the 2027 Maturity Date) and the fifth (5 th Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Company shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. 
 (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (c) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the Obligations. 
 (d) Any Lender may request, through the Administrative Agent, that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 60 

(a) Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) (x) in the case of prepayment of (A) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, euro or Japanese Yen, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment or (B) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16 (if any). 
 (b) If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the Aggregate Commitment or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (so calculated) exceeds 105 of the Aggregate Commitment, the Borrowers shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the aggregate Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment. 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees . (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Available Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such commitment fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15 th day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the applicable Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof provided that any commitment fees accruing after the date on which the applicable Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees 
 61 

shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and the last day of each period but excluding the date on which the applicable Commitments terminate). 
 (a) The Borrowers agree to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Standby Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Lender s LC Exposure in respect of Standby Letters of Credit (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of Standby Letters of Credit) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure in respect of Standby Letters of Credit, (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Commercial Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate applicable to Commercial Letters of Credit on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Lender s LC Exposure in respect of Commercial Letters of Credit (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of Commercial Letters of Credit) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure in respect of Commercial Letters of Credit and (iii) to the relevant Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at a rate per annum separately agreed upon by the Company and such Issuing Bank on the average daily Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Unless otherwise specified above, participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15 th day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees owing to 2026 Lenders or 2027 Lenders, as applicable, shall be payable on the date on which the 2026 Commitments or the 2027 Commitments, as applicable, terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the applicable Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) Business Days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in Dollars in the Dollar Amount thereof. 
 (b) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to each Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in 
 62 

the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (a) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate, as applicable, for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by any Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (d) Accrued interest on each Revolving Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Revolving Loan and, in the case of 2026 Revolving Loans or 2027 Revolving Loans, as applicable, upon termination of the 2026 Commitments or the 2027 Commitments, as applicable provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the 2026 Availability Period or the 2027 Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling, the Japanese Prime Rate (if applicable) or the Alternate Base Rate only at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBO Rate, EURIBO Rate, Adjusted TIBO Rate, TIBO Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate, Daily Simple RFR, Central Bank Rate or Japanese Prime Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
 (f) Interest in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and interest in respect of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency. 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if 
 63 

(i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, or the Adjusted TIBO Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for the applicable currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency 
 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the applicable Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the applicable Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the applicable Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, 
 64 

and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in an Foreign Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in such Foreign Currency shall, at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in such Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark (including any related adjustments) for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time after consultation with the Company and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a 
 65 

tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBO Rate or the TIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the applicable Borrower may revoke any request for (i) a Term Benchmark Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued or (ii) a RFR Borrowing or conversion to RFR Loans, during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) such Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, as applicable, denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) solely with respect to any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any request relating to a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans 
 66 

denominated in a Foreign Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall, at such Borrower s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by such Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate, as applicable) or any Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes or any condition, cost or expense reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate, as applicable) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then, upon request of such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as 
 67 

the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then, upon request of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered as reasonably determined by such Lender or such Issuing Bank which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and generally consistent with similarly situated customers of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15, after consideration of such factors as such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, then reasonably determines to be relevant. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments . 
 (a) With respect to Term Benchmark Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the 
 68 

Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (v) the failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (iv) the failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, no break funding payments will be due in connection with ABR Loans. 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan Parties will not be required to pay any additional amounts (or indemnification payments pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.17) with respect to any U.S. federal income Taxes that are imposed on a gross basis on, or that are required to be withheld or deducted from, a payment to any Recipient that would not have been imposed, in each case, in the absence of any Change in Law occurring after the date on which such Recipient became a party to this Agreement. 
 (a) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, Other Taxes. 
 69 

(b) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the relevant Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (e) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 70 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to 
 71 

permit such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (h) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes each Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 (i) FATCA . For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the 
 72 

Administrative Agent to treat) this Agreement and the Loans as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set offs . 
 (a) (i) Except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, each Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) in Dollars prior to 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder and (ii) all payments with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be made in such Foreign Currency not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein, in each case in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent s Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Subject to the proviso in the definition of Interest Period, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrowers take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) Intentionally omitted . 
 (d) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by 
 73 

any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the applicable Overnight Rate. 
 
 (f) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case 
 74 

may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (a) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the relevant Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 
 SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option . The Company may from time to time elect to increase the 2027 Commitments (each, an Incremental Revolving Credit Increase or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case with a minimum aggregate principal amount of 25,000,000 (and increments of 5,000,000 in excess thereof) so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such increases in the 2027 Commitments and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed 300,000,000. The Company may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its 2027 Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender provided that no Ineligible Institution may be an Augmenting Lender), which agree to increase their existing 2027 Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or extend 2027 Commitments, as the case may be provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender, shall be subject to the reasonable approval of the Company and the Administrative Agent and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Company and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Company and such 
 75 

Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in 2027 Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new 2027 Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the 2027 Commitments (or in the 2027 Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Company and (B) the Company shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.07 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents and opinions consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrowers to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase or Incremental Term Loans as well as a reaffirmation by the Company of its obligations under Article X. On the effective date of any increase in the 2027 Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the 2027 Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be, unless waived by any applicable Lender in its reasonable discretion, subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirement contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to any transaction that may be effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans and any other term loans made hereunder, (b) shall not mature earlier than the latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans and any other term loans made hereunder provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans and any other term loans made hereunder. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on 
 76 

the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. 
 
 SECTION 2.21. Intentionally Omitted . 
 
 SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency . If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent s main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non appealable judgment is given. The obligations of each Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, each Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to such Borrower. 
 
 SECTION 2.23. Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrower s. The Company may at any time and from time to time designate any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement executed by such Subsidiary and the Company and the satisfaction of the other conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03, and upon such delivery and satisfaction such Subsidiary shall for all purposes of this Agreement be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement until the Company shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination with respect to such Subsidiary, whereupon such Subsidiary shall cease to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no Borrowing Subsidiary Termination will become effective as to any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at a time when any principal of or interest on any Loan to such Borrower shall be outstanding hereunder, provided that such Borrowing Subsidiary Termination shall be effective to terminate the right of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to make further Borrowings under this Agreement. As soon as practicable upon receipt of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall furnish a copy thereof to each Lender. 
 
 SECTION 2.24. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting 
 77 

Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender hereunder third , to cash collateralize the relevant Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the relevant Issuing Bank s future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , further, that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or all Lenders directly affected thereby shall not, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in 
 78 

accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that (A) no Default or Event of Default shall be continuing at the time of such reallocation and (B) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall within three (3) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , cash collateralize for the benefit of each Issuing Bank only, the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Company cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the relevant Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to such Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the relevant Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with Section 2.24(d), and Swingline Exposure related to any such newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.24(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its funding obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Lender, reasonably satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted 
 79 

to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 
 SECTION 2.25. Extension of Maturity Date . 
 
 (a) Requests for Extension . The Company may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 60 days and not later than 30 days prior to March 8 of any calendar year (each such date, an Extension Date ), request that each Lender extend such Lender s Maturity Date to the date that is one year after the Maturity Date then in effect for such Lender (the Existing Maturity Date ). Such notice may include a condition that no extension will become effective unless Lenders representing a minimum aggregate principal amount of Loans consent to such extension. 
 
 (b) Lender Elections to Extend . Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Administrative Agent received the Company s extension request (the Lender Notice Date ), advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each Lender that determines to so extend its Maturity Date, an Extending Lender ). Each Lender that determines not to so extend its Maturity Date (a Non-Extending Lender ), shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Lender Notice Date), and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Lender Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree, and it is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Company for extension of the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender. 
 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of each Lender s determination under this Section no later than the date that is 15 days prior to the applicable Extension Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day). 
 
 (d) Additional Commitment Lenders . The Company shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on or before the applicable Maturity Date for any Non-Extending Lender, to replace such Non-Extending Lender with, and add as a Lender under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities (each, an Additional Commitment Lender approved by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the procedures provided in Section 2.19(b), each of which Additional Commitment Lenders shall have entered into an Assignment and Assumption (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04, with the Company or replacement Lender obligated to pay any applicable processing or recordation fee) with such Non-Extending Lender, pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lenders shall, effective on or before the applicable Maturity Date for such Non-Extending Lender, assume a Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lender s Commitment hereunder on such date). Prior to any Non-Extending Lender being replaced by one or more Additional Commitment Lenders pursuant hereto, such Non-Extending Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, by giving irrevocable notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Company (which notice shall set forth such Lender s new Maturity Date), to become an Extending Lender. The Administrative Agent may effect such amendments to this Agreement as are reasonably necessary to provide for any such extensions with the consent of the Company but without the consent of any other Lenders. 
 
 80 

(e) Intentionally Omitted . 
 
 (f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extension . Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) no more than two (2) extensions of the Maturity Date shall be permitted hereunder and (y) any extension of any Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.25 shall not be effective with respect to any Extending Lender unless 
 (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the applicable Extension Date and immediately after giving effect thereto 
 (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the applicable Extension Date and after giving effect thereto, as though made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date) and 
 (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the Company signed by a Financial Officer of the Company (A) certifying the accuracy of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) and (B) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by each Borrower approving or consenting to such extension. 
 
 (g) Maturity Date for Non-Extending Lenders . On the Existing Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender, (i) to the extent of the Commitments and Loans of each Non-Extending Lender not assigned to the Additional Commitment Lenders, the Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall automatically terminate and (ii) the Company shall repay such Non-Extending Lender in accordance with Section 2.10 (and shall pay to such Non-Extending Lender all of the other Obligations owing to it under this Agreement) and after giving effect thereto shall prepay any Loans outstanding on such date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.16) to the extent necessary to keep outstanding Loans ratable with any revised 2026 Applicable Percentages, 2027 Applicable Percentages and Applicable Percentages, as applicable, of the respective Lenders effective as of such date, and the Administrative Agent shall administer any necessary reallocation of the Revolving Credit Exposures (without regard to any minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and or pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement). 
 
 (h) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.18 or Section 9.02 to the contrary. 

ARTICLE III 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiarie s. Each of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good 
 81 

standing (to the extent such concept is applicable) in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 
 SECTION 3.02. A uthorization Enforceability . The Transactions are within each Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, reconstruction, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and except to the extent that availability of the remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture or any material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Company has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accountants. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (as defined under GAAP) as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (a) Since December 31, 2018, there has been no material adverse change in the business, operations, property or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole provided , however, that, for the purposes of this Section 3.04(b), during the period from and including the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date through and including March 31, 2021, a Material Adverse Effect under clause (a) of the definition thereof shall not include the impacts of the Coronavirus pandemic on the business, operations, property or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole that (A) have already occurred and were disclosed in writing to the Lenders in the projections distributed to the Lenders in connection with Amendment No. 1 (which included the Company s Leverage Ratio covenant projections, a covenant forecast and working forecast model) and (B) that were reasonably foreseeable (in consequence and duration) in light of any event, development or circumstance described in the foregoing clause (A), including store closures, supply chain disruptions and inventory charges (provided that any such additional impacts described in this clause (B) (x) do no not have a disproportionate impact on the Company and its Subsidiaries when compared to other comparably situated companies and (y) are similar to the previously disclosed impacts described in the foregoing clause (A)). 
 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties . (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.05 , each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to the operation of its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their 
 82 

intended purposes or such other defects as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries collectively own, or are licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property which are material to the Company s consolidated business, and the use thereof by the Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06, there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the best knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (except for litigation disclosed prior to the Effective Date in reports publicly filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 
 SECTION 3.07. Investment Company Status . No Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 
 SECTION 3.08. Taxes . Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves to the extent required by GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 SECTION 3.09. ERISA . (i) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the provisions of the Code relating to Plans and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder, and each Foreign Plan is in compliance with applicable non-United States law and regulations thereunder, and (ii) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 SECTION 3.10. Disclosure . All of the written or formally presented reports, financial statements and certificates furnished by or on behalf of any Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or hereafter delivered hereunder or reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (other than projections, budgets, other estimates and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature), in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished prior to the date on which this representation and warranty is made or deemed made as of the date of such reports, financial statements or certificates, and when taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Company and the other Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time prepared. 
 
 SECTION 3.11. Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan have been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of 
 83 

Regulations U or X of the Board. No Borrower is engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Company only or of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 
 SECTION 3.12. No Default . No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 SECTION 3.13. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and to the knowledge of the Company their respective employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, is not knowingly engaged in any activity that could reasonably be expected to result in such Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) the Company, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Company or such Subsidiary any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Company, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facilities established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 
 SECTION 3.14. Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 SECTION 3.15. Security Interest in Collateral . The Collateral Documents, upon execution and delivery thereof by the parties thereto, will create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral covered thereby and (i) when the Collateral constituting certificated securities (as defined in the UCC) is delivered to the Administrative Agent, together with instruments of transfer duly endorsed in blank, the Liens under the Collateral Documents will constitute a fully perfected security interest in all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties thereunder in such Collateral, prior and superior in right to any other Person, except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02 and (ii) when financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the applicable filing offices, the security interest created under the Collateral Documents will constitute a fully perfected security interest in all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the remaining Collateral to the extent perfection can be obtained by filing UCC financing statements, prior and superior to the rights of any other Person, except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02. 
 
 SECTION 3.16. Solvency . The Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions 
 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 
 84 

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the other Loan Documents and such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received favorable written opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of (i) Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, counsel for the Loan Parties and (ii) the General Counsel of the Company, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Company hereby requests such counsels to deliver such opinions. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the initial Loan Parties, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to such Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Company, certifying (i) that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date and (ii) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of such date. 
 
 (e) The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefits of the lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement, all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and expenses and other amounts due and payable, and for which invoices have been presented, at least two (2) Business Day prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received, (i) at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Company reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Company at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) to the extent the Company qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (g) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 
 85 

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable provided that any such representation or warranty that by its express terms is made as of a specific date shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) as of such specific date. 
 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 
 Each Borrowing of a Loan and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion or continuation of an existing Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.08 of this Agreement does not constitute the Borrowing of a Loan under this Section 4.02 and shall not result in a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 
 SECTION 4.03. Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower . The designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 is subject to the condition precedent that the Company or such proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Administrative Agent 
 
 (a) Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary (or if such Subsidiary has not appointed a Secretary or Assistant Secretary, any officer of such Subsidiary), of its Board of Directors resolutions (and resolutions of other bodies, if any are deemed necessary by counsel for the Administrative Agent) approving the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and any other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party and such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of such Subsidiary 
 
 (b) An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary (or if such Subsidiary has not appointed a Secretary or Assistant Secretary, any officer of such Subsidiary), which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers of such Subsidiary authorized to request Borrowings hereunder and sign the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Company or such Subsidiary 
 
 (c) Opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, with respect to the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and such other matters as are reasonably requested by counsel to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
 
 86 

(d) Any promissory notes requested by any Lender, and any other instruments and documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and 
 
 (e) Any documentation and other information that is reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders (acting through the Administrative Agent) in connection with applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

ARTICLE V 
 
 Affirmative Covenants 
 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, or cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(j) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender through the Administrative Agent) 
 
 (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (or, if earlier, by the date that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for such fiscal year would be required to be filed under the rules and regulations of the SEC, giving effect to any automatic extension available thereunder for the filing of such form), (i) its audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year and (ii) solely to the extent the Company has one or more Variable Interest Entities during such period, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income and cash flows as of the end of and for such year (excluding, in the case of this clause (ii), all Variable Interest Entities) which shall not include any footnotes, and (x) in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, (y) in the case of clause (i) above, all reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception (other than solely with respect to, or resulting solely from a regularly scheduled upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness)) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (as defined under GAAP) on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (z) in the case of clause (ii) above, certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (except that Variable Interest Entities have been excluded) 
 (b) within sixty (60) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company (or, if earlier, by the date that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for such fiscal quarter would be required to be filed under the rules and regulations of the SEC, giving effect to any automatic extension available thereunder for the filing of such form), (i) its consolidated balance sheets and related statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year and (ii) solely to the extent the Company has one or more Variable Interest 
 87 

Entities during such period, a consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year (excluding, in the case of this clause (ii), all Variable Interest Entities) which shall not include any footnotes, and, in the case of each of clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (as defined under, and in accordance with, GAAP) in the case of clause (b)(i) or consolidated Subsidiaries in the case of clause (b)(ii), in each case on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (except that, in the case of clause (b)(ii), Variable Interest Entities have been excluded), subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above (other than the delivery of financial statements under clause (b) in respect of the Company s fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2021), a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company (i) stating that he or she has obtained no knowledge that a Default has occurred (except as set forth in such certificate) and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with the Leverage Ratio and the financial covenants then in effect under Section 6.07 and (iii) setting forth any information required by Section 4.9.1 of the Security Agreement 
 (d) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, as the case may be 
 (e) promptly following any request therefor, (i) such other information regarding the financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (ii) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (f) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, the information required by Section 4.11 of the Security Agreement. 
 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to or in respect of clauses (a), (b) and (d) of this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and, in the case of documents required to be delivered pursuant to or in respect of clauses (a)(i), (b)(i) and (d), shall automatically be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which reports containing such information are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 5.01 may be delivered to the Administrative Agent electronically via .pdf. 
 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender through the Administrative Agent) prompt written notice of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default 
 88 

(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Company or any Affiliate thereof that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (d) any other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Company setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, notices required to be delivered pursuant to or in respect of clauses (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 5.02 shall automatically be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which reports or other filings disclosing the occurrence of the applicable development or event are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business except, in each case (other than the case of the foregoing requirements insofar as they relate to the legal existence of the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors), to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, Division, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its Tax liabilities that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Company or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance . Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and except for surplus and obsolete properties, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, (i) insurance on such of its property and in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (ii) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon any reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. The Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent endorsements (x) to all All Risk physical damage insurance policies on the Collateral of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors naming the Administrative Agent as lender loss payee, and (y) to all general liability and other liability policies of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors naming the Administrative Agent an additional insured or mortgagee (in the case of property insurance with respect to Collateral). In the event the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any time or times hereafter shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies or insurance required herein or to pay any premium in whole or in part relating thereto, 
 89 

then the Administrative Agent, without waiving or releasing any obligations or resulting Default hereunder, may at any time or times thereafter (but shall be under no obligation to do so) obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premiums and take any other action with respect thereto which the Administrative Agent reasonably deems advisable. All sums so disbursed by the Administrative Agent shall constitute part of the Obligations, payable as provided in this Agreement. 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which entries in conformity in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, on an annual basis at the request of the Administrative Agent (or at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default), permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (prior to the occurrence or continuation of a Default or an Event of Default, at the Administrative Agent s or such Lender s expense, as applicable, and following the occurrence or continuation of a Default or an Event of Default, at the Company s expense), upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records (other than materials protected by the attorney-client privilege and materials which the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, may not disclose without violation of a confidentiality obligation binding upon it), and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, so long as afforded an opportunity to be present, all during reasonable business hours. It is understood that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such visits and inspections shall be coordinated through the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, in each case except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . The proceeds of the Loans will be used only (i) to refinance Indebtedness in existence on the Effective Date under the Existing Credit Agreement and (ii) to finance the working capital needs, capital expenditures, Permitted Acquisitions, Investments permitted under Section 6.04, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.06 and other general corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying, or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock as defined in Regulation U of the Board. No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and the Company shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. The Commercial Letters of Credit shall be used solely to finance purchases of goods by the Company and its 
 90 

Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of their business, and the Standby Letters of Credit shall be used solely for the purposes described in the definition of such term in Section 1.01. 
 SECTION 5.09. Subsidiary Guarantors Pledges Additional Collateral Further Assurances . 
 (a) The Company shall evaluate which of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) qualify as Significant Subsidiaries on each date on which the Company furnishes to the Administrative Agent the financial statements required by Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (each, a Determination Date ). Each Domestic Subsidiary that becomes a Significant Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) subsequent to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall within thirty (30) days of the Determination Date execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall become a party thereto as a Subsidiary Guarantor, together with such other documents and legal opinions with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (which documents and opinions shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). In addition, the Company may elect to cause additional Subsidiaries that are not Significant Subsidiaries to become party to the Subsidiary Guaranty in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 (b) Subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth in the applicable Collateral Documents, the Company will cause, and will cause each of the Subsidiary Guarantors to cause, all of its owned property (whether personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed but excluding Excluded Assets) to be subject at all times to perfected Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents on a first priority basis, subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 6.02. With respect to the pledge of any Equity Interest in any Subsidiary and subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth in the applicable Collateral Documents, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors will cause (A) 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Pledge Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary and is not a Subsidiary described in clause (i) or (iii) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary and (B) 65 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in each Pledge Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a Domestic Foreign Holdco Subsidiary, in each case directly owned by the Company or any other Subsidiary Guarantor (other than Excluded Assets) to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected (subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 6.02) Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents or such other pledge and security documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth herein or in any Collateral Document, all at the expense of the Company. 
 91 

(d) If any material assets are acquired by a Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than (i) Excluded Assets or (ii) assets of the type constituting Collateral under the Security Agreement that either become subject to the Lien under the Security Agreement upon acquisition thereof or with respect to which no notice or further action would be required to create or perfect the Administrative Agent s Lien in such assets), the Company will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Company will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take, and, as applicable, cause the other Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (c) of this Section, all at the expense of the Company, subject, however, to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth herein or in any Collateral Document. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall (i) any control agreements or control or similar arrangements be required with respect to cash deposit accounts, (ii) the Collateral include escrow accounts established in connection with any acquisition or Investment or other accounts holding funds for the benefit of persons that are not the Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) the Administrative Agent require the Company or any of the Subsidiaries to obtain or deliver landlord waivers, estoppels, bailee letters, collateral access agreements or any similar documents or instruments or (iv) any actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or required by the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction be required in order to create any security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S. or to perfect such security interests, including any intellectual property registered in or otherwise arising or subsisting under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction (it being understood and agreed that there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction). 
 (f) It is understood and agreed that the requirements of the foregoing clauses (a), (b), (c) and or (d) of this Section 5.09 (such clauses, collectively, the Collateral and Guarantee Requirements shall only be in force and effect until such time as they are terminated and of no effect pursuant to the terms of Section 5.09(g). 
 
 (g) Upon the occurrence of the Collateral and Guarantee Release Date, upon written request by the Company (i) any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirements which remain in effect at such time shall be promptly released by the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder shall be terminated, and (iii) the Collateral and Guarantee Requirements shall be terminated and of no effect, and the Administrative Agent agrees to execute and deliver any documents or instruments reasonably requested by the Company, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, to evidence the release of all Collateral and the termination of the Subsidiary Guaranty described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), all at the expense of the Company, each such release by the Administrative Agent to be made without any representation or warranty and without recourse to the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party. Upon the termination described in the foregoing clause (ii), each of the Subsidiaries that was a Subsidiary Guarantor prior to such termination will immediately cease to be a Subsidiary Guarantor and a Loan Party under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 5.10. Post-Closing Matters . The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (I) deliver to the Administrative Agent certificates of insurance listing the Administrative Agent as (x) lender loss payee for the property casualty insurance policies of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, together with separate lender loss payable endorsements and (y) additional insured 
 92 

with respect to the liability insurance of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, together with separate additional insured endorsements and (II) deliver all pledged instruments, allonges, stock certificates and stock powers required pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement otherwise required to be delivered on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent within thirty (30) days of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (as such time period may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

ARTICLE VI 
 Negative Covenants 
 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, or cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(j) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) the Secured Obligations 
 (b) Indebtedness existing or scheduled to be incurred on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, and commissions and expenses) or shorten the final maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof 
 (c) Indebtedness of the Company to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Company or any other Subsidiary provided that (i) the Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor owed to the Company or any other Subsidiary Guarantor shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.04 and (ii) Indebtedness of any Domestic Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (d) Guarantees by (i) the Company of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary, (ii) any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary and (iii) the Company of Indebtedness of any joint venture provided that the aggregate amount of such Guarantees incurred pursuant to this clause (iii) shall not exceed 150,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding 
 (e) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, ownership, development, construction, repair, replacement, improvement or leasing of any real property, fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof provided that such Indebtedness is incurred no more than 270 days prior to or within 270 days after such ownership, development, leasing, acquisition or the completion of such construction, repair, replacement or improvement 
 (f) Indebtedness acquired or assumed in Permitted Acquisitions and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such indebtedness (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, and 
 93 

commissions and expenses) that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof or shorten the final maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof 
 (g) Priority Indebtedness (excluding any Indebtedness permitted by Sections 6.01(a), (e) and (f)) in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed, at the time of incurrence of any such Priority Indebtedness, 10 of the Company s then Consolidated Net Worth (determined as of the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter for which Financials have been delivered) together with any extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any Indebtedness originally incurred under this clause (g) that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, and commissions and expenses) or shorten the final maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof 
 (h) endorsements for collection, deposit or negotiation and warranties of products or services, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (i) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit in the ordinary course of business (other than Letters of Credit) 
 (j) Indebtedness under Swap Agreements not entered into for speculative purposes 
 (k) unsecured Indebtedness (excluding any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(f) and 6.01(l)) (x) of any Borrower in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed (together with outstanding Indebtedness incurred under clause (y) below in respect of Indebtedness originally incurred under this clause (x) that was subject to the foregoing Dollar limitation) 100,000,000 at any time outstanding provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) such Dollar limitation shall not be applicable (and unsecured Indebtedness may be incurred in unlimited amounts) if at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto, the Leverage Ratio (calculated as of the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which Financials have been delivered) is equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00 and (y) and extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness incurred in clause (x) above that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, and commissions and expenses) or shorten the final maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof 
 (l) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and or other Specified Capital Markets Indebtedness in aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (m) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Indebtedness in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds, performance and completion guarantees, import and export custom and duty guaranties and similar obligations, or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank acceptances or guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business 
 (o) (i) contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn-out, non-compete, consulting, deferred compensation and similar obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions and dispositions 
 94 

and (ii) Indebtedness incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition and dispositions under agreements providing for earn-outs or the adjustment of the purchase price or similar adjustments 
 (p) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as such Indebtedness shall not be in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness shall be outstanding only during such year 
 (q) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business provided that (i) such Indebtedness (other than credit or purchase cards) is extinguished within five (5) Business Days of its incurrence and (ii) such Indebtedness in respect of credit or purchase cards is extinguished within 90 days from its incurrence 
 (r) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (s) Indebtedness in connection with (x) the formation or acquisition of or investment in joint ventures in an aggregate amount not to exceed (together with outstanding Indebtedness incurred under clause (y) below in respect of Indebtedness originally incurred under this clause (x)) 150,000,000 at any time outstanding, and (y) extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, and commissions and expenses) or shorten the final maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof and 
 (t) Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02(t) up to 100,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding. 
 For purposes of this subsection 6.01, any Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Company after the date of this Agreement shall be deemed to have incurred all of its then outstanding Indebtedness at the time it becomes a Subsidiary, and any Indebtedness assumed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to have been incurred on the date of assumption. 
 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except 
 
 (a) Permitted Encumbrances 
 (b) Liens existing on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.02 
 (c) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(e) and Section 6.01(p) 
 (d) Liens solely constituting the right of any other Person to a share of any licensing royalties (pursuant to a licensing agreement or other related agreement entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with such Person in the ordinary course of the Company s or such Subsidiary s business) otherwise payable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such right shall have been conveyed to such Person for consideration received by the Company or such Subsidiary on an arm s-length basis 
 95 

(e) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings with respect to operating leases entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) Liens securing Priority Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01(g) 
 (g) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c) 
 (h) bankers liens and rights of setoff to secure fees, charges and commissions in connection with returned items or with respect to customary depository arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (i) Liens attaching solely to cash earnest money or similar deposits in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder 
 (j) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings with respect to (i) consignments, provided that such Liens extend solely to the assets subject to such consignments or (ii) accounts receivable and related assets permitted to be encumbered pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances provided that such Liens extend solely to such accounts receivable and related assets 
 (k) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(j) 
 (l) Liens, if any, in respect of leases that have been, or should be, in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the date hereof, classified as Capital Lease Obligations 
 (m) Liens pursuant to supply or consignment contracts or otherwise for the receipt of goods or services, encumbering only the goods covered thereby, where the contracts are not overdue by more than 90 days or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which reasonable reserves are being maintained 
 (n) extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of the Liens permitted by this Section 6.02, so long as (i) the Indebtedness or other obligations secured by any such Lien at the time of any such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (A) the outstanding principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Indebtedness or obligations and (B) an amount necessary to pay any unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses related to such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement and (ii) no additional property (other than accessions, improvements, and replacements in respect of such property or, if the Lien being extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced attaches to a class of asset, after-acquired assets of the same class) is subject to such Lien 
 (o) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods so long as such Liens attach only to the imported goods 
 (p) Liens on property or shares of a Person existing at the time such Person merges into or is consolidated with the Company or any Subsidiary, or at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary provided that such Liens (i) were not created in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or Investment and (ii) (other than the proceeds or products of such property or shares) do not extend to any property other than those of the Person merged into or consolidated with or acquired by the Company or such Subsidiary (and accessions, improvements, and replacements in respect of such assets) 
 96 

(q) Liens on property at the time the Company or any Subsidiary acquired such property, including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into the Company or any Subsidiary provided that such Liens (i) were not created in contemplation of such acquisition and (ii) (other than the proceeds or products of such property or shares) do not extend to any property of the Company or such Subsidiary (and accessions, improvements, and replacements in respect of such assets) 
 (r) customary options, put and call arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights related to Investments in joint ventures and partnerships 
 (s) licenses of trademarks, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, design rights, and other intellectual property in the ordinary course of business and 
 (t) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations up to 100,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding. 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales . (a) The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Subsidiary may merge into the Company in a transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Subsidiary (including any Subsidiary Guarantor) may merge into any other Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary provided that, in the case of a merger of a Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower into a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in which the surviving Subsidiary is not the Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, the surviving Subsidiary may become a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereunder so long as it is an Eligible Foreign Subsidiary that has executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement executed by such Subsidiary and the Company and satisfied the other conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03), (iii) any Subsidiary that is an LLC may consummate a Division as the Dividing Person if, upon the consummation of the Division, the assets of the applicable Dividing Person are held by one or more Subsidiaries at such time, or, with respect to assets not so held by one or more Subsidiaries, such Division, in the aggregate, would otherwise result in a Disposition not prohibited by Section 6.03(b), (iv) any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) may liquidate or dissolve if the Company determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and except that the Company or any Subsidiary may effect any acquisition permitted by Section 6.04 by means of a merger of the Person that is the subject of such acquisition with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (provided that, in the case of a merger with the Company or a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, the Company or such Foreign Subsidiary, as applicable, is the survivor), (v) any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) may merge, consolidate or liquidate with any other Person in order to effect an Investment permitted under Section 6.04, and (vi) any Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) may merge, consolidate, or liquidate with or into another Person in order to effect a Disposition permitted under Section 6.03(b). 
 (a) The Company will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Disposition, except 
 (i) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property or property no longer used or useful in the business of such Person, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business 
 (ii) Dispositions of inventory and Permitted Investments in the ordinary course of business 
 97 

(iii) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (iv) Dispositions of property to the Company or a Subsidiary provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Domestic Loan Party, then either (i) the transferee must be a Domestic Loan Party or (ii) to the extent that the transferee is not a Domestic Loan Party, then (A) to the extent such Disposition does not constitute an Investment, such Disposition is for fair market value and (B) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a Permitted Investment in a Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party in accordance with Section 6.04 
 (v) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses (including the provision of open source software under an open source license) granted in the ordinary course of business and on ordinary commercial terms that do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (vi) (i) the lapse of intellectual property rights to the extent such intellectual property rights are not, in the Company s reasonable business judgment, economically desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries or (ii) the abandonment of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse or abandonment is not materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties) 
 (vii) the discount, write-off, forgiveness or Disposition of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business or in connection with collection, settlement or compromise thereof 
 (viii) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.06 and Investments permitted by Section 6.04 
 (ix) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property 
 (x) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property 
 (xi) (i) the sale or other Disposition for value of any contracts, (ii) the early termination or modification of any contract, in each case resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event or (iii) the surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release or surrender of a contract, tort or other litigation claim in the ordinary course of business 
 (xii) Dispositions by the Company and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.04 provided that the aggregate net book value of all property Disposed of pursuant to this clause (xii) in any fiscal year of the Company shall not exceed 150,000,000 
 (xiii) the Disposition of any Swap Agreement, Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction due to the unwinding thereof in accordance with its terms 
 (xiv) any issuance of Equity Interests of a Subsidiary to a Domestic Loan Party (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, to such Foreign Subsidiary) 
 98 

(xv) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy sell arrangements between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements 
 (xvi) Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 (xvii) Dispositions by the Company and its Subsidiaries from time to time of non-core business assets provided the aggregate net proceeds of all non-core business assets Disposed of pursuant to this clause (xvii), including all other net proceeds received by the Company or its Subsidiaries from the Disposition of non-core business assets pursuant to this clause (xvii), shall not exceed 300,000,000 
 (xviii) Dispositions of accounts receivable and related assets owing to the Company or any Subsidiary from a customer thereof and which are sold, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, by the Company or such Subsidiary as true sales to a third-party financial institution purchaser (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, a sale of all or substantially all of the accounts receivable of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries generally and also excluding any sale pursuant to an accounts receivable securitization or similar facility) and 
 (xix) Dispositions by the Company and its Subsidiaries of fee-owned real property provided that the aggregate fair market value of all such real property Disposed of pursuant to this clause (xix) shall not exceed 150,000,000. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6.03(b) shall not limit the Company s ability to sell its Equity Interests. 
 SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger or consolidation with, or as a Division Successor pursuant to the Division of, any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger, consolidation or Division) any Investment, except 
 (a) Permitted Investments and Investments that were Permitted Investments when made 
 (b) Investments by the Company or a Subsidiary in the Company or a Subsidiary (provided that not more than an aggregate outstanding amount of 200,000,000 in Investments may be made, at any time, by Domestic Loan Parties to Subsidiaries which are not Domestic Loan Parties) 
 (c) Investments consisting of Equity Interests in the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company outstanding on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date 
 (d) Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 
 (e) advances or loans made in the ordinary course of business to officers, directors, consultants, employees or suppliers of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (f) Investments existing or intended to be made on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and described in Schedule 6.04 hereto and any renewals, amendments, refinancings and replacements thereof, in whole or in part, that do not exceed the amount of the Investments 
 99 

described in Schedule 6.04 hereto (other than in respect of capitalized interest and reasonable expenses) 
 (g) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers, customers and other third parties or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other third parties arising in the ordinary course of business or in connection with the bona fide settlement of any defaulted Indebtedness or other liability owed to the Company or any Subsidiary 
 (h) Permitted Acquisitions 
 (i) Investments of a Person or business acquired in such Permitted Acquisition so long as such Investment was not made in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition provided that if, as a result of a Permitted Acquisition, (i) a new Subsidiary shall be created and such Subsidiary is a Significant Subsidiary or (ii) any then existing Subsidiary shall become a Significant Subsidiary, in each case such Subsidiary shall thereafter become a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with Section 5.09 
 (j) Swap Agreements not entered into for speculative purposes 
 (k) Investments in joint ventures in an amount not to exceed, at the time of any such Investment (together with any other outstanding Investment made pursuant to this Section 6.04(k)), 150,000,000 in the aggregate 
 (l) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at the time of any such Investment (together with any other outstanding Investment made pursuant to this Section 6.04(l) that is subject to the foregoing Dollar limitation), 125,000,000 provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) such Dollar limitation shall not be applicable (and Investments shall be permitted in unlimited amounts) if at the time of the making of such Investment and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto, the Leverage Ratio (calculated as of the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which Financials have been delivered) is equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00 
 (m) Investments in TIF Financing Obligations 
 (n) trade credit extended on usual and customary terms in the ordinary course of business 
 (o) guarantees of the obligations (excluding Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (e), (f), (g) and (j) of the definition of Indebtedness) of suppliers in the ordinary course of business 
 (p) accounts, chattel paper and notes receivable arising from the sale or lease of goods or the performance of services in the ordinary course of business 
 (q) Investments for which no consideration is provided by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and 
 (r) Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely in exchange for Equity Interests of the Company. 
 To the extent any Investment in any Person is made in compliance with Section 6.04 in reliance on a category above that is subject to a Dollar-denominated restriction on the making of Investments and, subsequently, such Person returns to any Borrower, any other Loan Party or, to the extent applicable, any 
 100 

Subsidiary all or any portion of such Investment (in the form of a dividend, distribution, interest, payment, return of capital, repayment, liquidation or otherwise but excluding intercompany Indebtedness), such return shall be deemed to be credited to the Dollar denominated category against which the Investment is then charged (but in any event not in an amount that would result in the aggregate dollar amount able to be invested in reliance on such category to exceed such Dollar-denominated restriction). 
 SECTION 6.05. Transactions with Affiliates . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) at prices and on financial terms and conditions (in the aggregate, taking into account all of the Company s and its Subsidiaries transactions with, and the benefits to the Company and its Subsidiaries derived from the Company s and its Subsidiaries Investment in, such Affiliate) not less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries (or any Person who becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.06 and (d) any Investment permitted by Section 6.04. 
 SECTION 6.06. Restricted Payments . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except (a) the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, (b) Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends so long as (i) such dividend is paid ratably with respect to their Equity Interests or (ii) the Company or a wholly owned Subsidiary receives a greater than pro rata share of such dividend, (c) the Company may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management, employees, directors, managers or consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, redemptions or repurchases of Equity Interests (i) deemed to occur upon exercise of options or warrants or similar rights by the delivery of Equity Interests in satisfaction of the exercise price of such options or warrants or similar rights or (ii) in consideration of withholding or similar taxes payable by any future, present or former employee, director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the foregoing)), (d) the Company may make Restricted Payments deemed to occur upon exercise of warrants outstanding on the Effective Date, (e) the Company may offer to exchange Equity Interests for other Equity Interests and (f) the Company and its Subsidiaries may make any other Restricted Payment in an aggregate amount not to exceed (together with any other Restricted Payment made pursuant to this Section 6.06(f) that is subject to the foregoing Dollar limitation) 75,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Company provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) such Dollar limitation shall not be applicable (and the Company may make Restricted Payments in unlimited amounts) if at the time of the making of such Restricted Payment and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto, the Leverage Ratio (calculated as of the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which Financials have been delivered) is equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, (i) the conversion by holders of (including any payment of cash in respect of the conversion consideration to a holder upon conversion), any payment or delivery (including without limitation on account of any principal or premium owing on, or any interest due) with respect to, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the indenture or other instrument governing such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, shall not constitute a Restricted Payment provided that, to the extent both (a) the aggregate amount of cash payable upon conversion or payment of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (excluding any required payment of interest with respect to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and excluding any 
 101 

payment of cash in lieu of a fractional share due upon conversion thereof) exceeds the aggregate principal amount thereof and (b) such conversion or payment does not trigger or correspond to an exercise or early unwind or settlement of a corresponding portion of the Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions relating to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the case where there is no Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction relating to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness), the payment of such excess cash shall constitute a Restricted Payment notwithstanding this clause (i) and (ii) any required payment with respect to, or required early unwind or settlement of, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the agreement governing such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction shall not constitute a Restricted Payment provided that, to the extent cash is required to be paid under a Permitted Warrant Transaction as a result of the election of cash settlement (or substantially equivalent term) as the settlement method (or substantially equivalent term) thereunder by Company (or its Affiliate) (including in connection with the exercise and or early unwind or settlement thereof), the payment of such cash shall constitute a Restricted Payment notwithstanding this clause (ii) . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company may repurchase, exchange or induce the conversion of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness by delivery of shares of Company s common stock and or a different series of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (which series (x) matures after, and does not require any scheduled amortization or other scheduled payments of principal prior to, the analogous date under the indenture governing the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness that is so repurchased, exchanged or converted and (y) has terms, conditions and covenants that are no less favorable to Company than the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness that is so repurchased, exchanged or converted (as determined by the board of directors of Company, or a committee thereof, in good faith)) (any such series of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, Refinancing Convertible Notes and or by payment of cash (in an amount that does not exceed the proceeds received by the Company from the substantially concurrent issuance of shares of Company s common stock and or Refinancing Convertible Notes plus the net cash proceeds, if any, received by the Company pursuant to the related exercise or early unwind or termination of the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions, if any, pursuant to the immediately following proviso) provided that, substantially concurrently with, or a commercially reasonable period of time before or after, the related settlement date for the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness that is so repurchased, exchanged or converted, Company shall (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be permitted under this Section 6.06 to) exercise or unwind or terminate early (whether in cash, shares or any combination thereof) the portion of the Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions, if any, corresponding to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness that is so repurchased, exchanged or converted. 
 SECTION 6.07. Financial Covenants . 
 (a) Maximum Leverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the ratio (the Leverage Ratio ), determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after March 31, 2021, of (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness on such date to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, to be greater than 3.25 to 1.00. 
 (b) Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after March 31, 2021, to be less than 3.50 to 1.00. 

ARTICLE VII 
 102 

Events of Default 
 SECTION 7.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (b) any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation and warranty is qualified by material or Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (with respect to any Borrower s existence), 5.08, 5.09 or in Article VI 
 (e) any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of the Required Lenders) 
 (f) the Company or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment of principal or interest, regardless of amount, in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable beyond the period (after giving effect to any extensions, waivers, amendments or other modifications of or to such period that are in effect prior to the end of any applicable grace period) of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Material Indebtedness was created, and, prior to any termination of Commitments or the acceleration of payment of Loans pursuant to this Article VII, such failure is not cured or waived in writing by the holders of such Material Indebtedness 
 (g) any event or condition occurs (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods and after giving effect to any extensions, waivers, amendments or other modifications of any applicable provision or agreement) that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause, with the giving of an acceleration or similar notice if required, any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such Indebtedness is paid when due (after giving effect to any applicable grace period and after giving effect to any extensions, waivers, amendments or other modifications of any applicable provision or agreement) or (ii) any redemption, exchange, 
 103 

repurchase, conversion or settlement with respect to any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, or satisfaction of any condition giving rise to or permitting the foregoing, pursuant to their terms unless such redemption, repurchase, conversion or settlement results from a default thereunder or an event of the type that constitutes an Event of Default 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered provided , however, that the occurrence of any of the events specified in this paragraph (h) with respect to any Person other than the Company shall not be deemed to be an Event of Default unless (x) the net assets of such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP, shall have exceeded 20,000,000 as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or on the date of occurrence of any such event and or (y) the aggregate net assets of all Loan Parties and other Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP in respect of which any of the events specified in this paragraph (h) and in paragraphs (i) and (j) of this Article VII shall have occurred shall have exceeded 50,000,000 as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or on the date of occurrence of any such event 
 (i) the Company or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing provided , however, that the occurrence of any of the events specified in this paragraph (i) with respect to any Person other than any Borrower shall not be deemed to be an Event of Default unless (x) the net assets of such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP, shall have exceeded 20,000,000 as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or on the date of occurrence of any such event and or (y) the aggregate net assets of all Loan Parties and other Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, in respect of which any of the events specified in this paragraph (i) and in paragraphs (h) and (j) of this Article VII shall have occurred shall have exceeded 50,000,000 as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or on the date of occurrence of any such event 
 (j) the Company or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due provided , however, that the occurrence of any of the events specified in this paragraph (j) with respect to any Person other than any Borrower shall not be deemed to be an Event of Default unless (x) the net assets of such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP, shall have exceeded 20,000,000 as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or on the date of occurrence of any such event and or (y) the aggregate net assets of all Loan Parties and other Subsidiaries in respect of which any of the events specified in this paragraph (j) and in 
 104 

paragraphs (h) and (i) of this Article VII shall have occurred shall have exceeded 50,000,000 as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or on the date of occurrence of any such event 
 (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (not paid or covered by insurance or covered by effective indemnification obligations from a third party) in excess of 100,000,000 shall be rendered against the Company, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and (i) the same shall remain unpaid, undischarged or undismissed (including as a result of the filing of an appeal) for a period of 60 consecutive days from the entry thereof during which execution shall not be effectively stayed or bonded, or (ii) any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment 
 (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur 
 (n) intentionally omitted 
 (o) any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or the Company or any Subsidiary shall challenge in writing the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction based on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms) or 
 (p) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, except as permitted by the terms of any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 7.02. Remedies Upon an Event of Default . If an Event of Default occurs (other than an event with respect to any Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Company, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times 
 (a) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately 
 (b) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers 
 (c) require that the Borrowers provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.06(j) and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank under the Loan Documents and applicable law. 
 If an Event of Default described in Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) occurs with respect to the Borrowers, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then 
 105 

outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrowers to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (c) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. 
 In addition to any other rights and remedies granted to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or any other applicable law. The Administrative Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any action taken by it pursuant to this Article VII , after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred in connection therewith or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any other way relating to the Collateral or the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, to the payment in whole or in part of the Secured Obligations, in such order as set forth in Section 7.03 below, and only after such application and after the payment by the Administrative Agent of any other amount required by any provision of law, including Section 9-615(a)(3) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, need the Administrative Agent account for the surplus, if any, to any Loan Party. 
 SECTION 7.03. Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Company or the Required Lenders 
 (a) all payments received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.24, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows 
 (i) first , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) 
 (ii) second , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the other Secured Parties (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them 
 (iii) third , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them 
 (iv) fourth , (A) to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.22 provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank to cash collateralize Secured Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.22, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings 
 106 

under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.03, (C) to any other amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations and Swap Obligations, in each case, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Bank and any other applicable Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them 
 (v) fifth , to the payment in full of all Supply Chain Finance Obligations and all other Secured Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the other Secured Parties based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Secured Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable and 
 (vi) finally , the balance, if any, after all Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the applicable Borrower or as otherwise required by law and 
 (b) if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 The Administrative Agent 
 SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action . 
 
 (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Further, each of the Lenders and each Issuing Bank, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, hereby irrevocably empower and authorize JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) to execute and deliver the Collateral Documents and all related documents or instruments as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of the Collateral Documents. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than within the United States, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute and enforce any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon 
 107 

each Lender and each Issuing Bank provided , however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and each Issuing Bank with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the Administrative Agent, each Syndication Agent and each Co-Documentation Agent are commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Borrowers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Secured Party other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties) additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and or the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (ii) where the Administrative Agent is required or deemed to act as a trustee in respect of any Collateral over which a security interest has been created pursuant to a Loan Document expressed to be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, or is required or deemed to hold any Collateral on trust pursuant to the foregoing, the obligations and liabilities of the Administrative Agent to the Secured Parties in its capacity as trustee shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and 
 108 

(iii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) None of any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Loan Party) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, the Issuing Bank and each other Secured Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other Secured Parties, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 (g) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into one or more intercreditor agreements acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion with parties to any secured transaction permitted pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances. 
 109 

(h) The provisions of this Article VIII (other than the rights of the Company specified in Section 8.05) are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Company s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article VIII , none of the Company or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article VIII . 
 
 SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc . 
 (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or an Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any claim, liability, loss, cost or expense suffered by the Company, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or each Issuing Bank or any Dollar Amount thereof. 
 110 

(c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Company), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or any Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or any Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications . 
 
 (a) The Borrowers agree that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrowers acknowledge and agree that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrowers hereby approve distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE 
 111 

APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 (d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually (a) . With respect to its Commitments, Loans, Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or any Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Bank , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, the Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank. 
 SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent . 
 (a) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required 
 112 

Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Company (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Bank . 
 (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of any Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities law), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 113 

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 
 (c) 
 (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the FRBNY Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive and binding, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the FRBNY Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 114 

(iii) The Company and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations (or any other Secured Obligations) owed by the Company or any other Loan Party, except to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from a Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of satisfying an Obligation (or any other Secured Obligation). 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 115 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender involved in the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, commitment fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent fees or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 SECTION 8.08. Collateral Matters. 
 (a) Except with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.08 or with respect to a Secured Party s right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the UCC. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Administrative Agent upon any Collateral (i) as described in Section 9.02(d) (ii) as permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, unless such release is required to be approved by all of the Lenders hereunder. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant hereto. Upon any sale or transfer of assets constituting Collateral which is permitted pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document, or consented to in writing by the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as applicable, and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by the Company to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative 
 116 

Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties herein or pursuant hereto upon the Collateral that was sold or transferred provided , however , that (i) the Administrative Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Administrative Agent s reasonable opinion, would expose the Administrative Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by any Loan Party, including (without limitation) the proceeds of the sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. 
 (b) In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no Banking Services Agreement, Supply Chain Financing or Swap Agreement will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that is a party to any such Banking Services Agreement, Supply Chain Financing or Swap Agreement, as applicable, shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph. 
 (c) The Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(a). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 (d) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than Swap Obligations not yet due and payable, Banking Services Obligations not yet due and payable, Supply Chain Finance Obligations not yet due and payable, Unliquidated Obligations for which no claim has been made and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination), and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Company certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iii) constituting property leased to the Company or any Subsidiary under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (iv) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII or (v) upon the occurrence of the Collateral and Guarantee Release Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 5.09(g). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral (except to the extent any of the foregoing constitutes Excluded Assets). In addition, each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, irrevocably 
 117 

authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, (i) to subordinate any Lien on any assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any purchase money lien on such property that is permitted hereunder or (ii) in the event that the Company shall have advised the Administrative Agent that, notwithstanding the use by applicable Loan Party of commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such holder (but without the requirement to pay any sums to obtain such consent) to permit the Administrative Agent to retain its liens (on a subordinated basis as contemplated by clause (i) above), the holder of such other Indebtedness requires, as a condition to the extension of such credit, that the Liens on such assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document be released, to release the Administrative Agent s Liens on such assets. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company or other applicable Loan Parties only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (i) to comply with local law or advice of local counsel in any jurisdiction the laws of which govern any Collateral Document or that are relevant to the creation, perfection, protection and or priority of any Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent or (ii) to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 SECTION 8.09. Credit Bidding . The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle 
 118 

and or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Secured Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Secured Obligations and the equity interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail, as follows 
 (i) if to any Borrower, to it c o Under Armour, Inc., 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21230 Attention of Mack Makode, Vice President, Treasurer (Telephone No. (410) 305-3505), with a copy (in the case of a notice of Default) to General Counsel (Telephone No. (410) 454-6758) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, (A) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 S. Dearborn St., Floor 07, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2300, Attention of Nan Wilson (Telecopy No. (888) 292-9533) and (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Foreign Currencies, to J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, United Kingdom, Attention of Loans Agency (Telecopy No. 44 207 777 2360), and in each case with a copy to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 270 Park Avenue, 43 rd Floor, New York, New York 10017, Attention of James A. Knight (Telecopy No. (917) 464-7000) 
 (iii) if to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention of Ajay Prabhu (Email Chicago.lc.agency.activity.team jpmchase.com) 
 (iv) if to the Swingline Lender, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 S. Dearborn St., Floor 07, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2300, Attention of Nan Wilson (Telecopy No. (888) 292-9533) 
 (v) if to PNC Bank, National Association in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, to it at PNC Bank, National Association 500 First Avenue, P7-PFSC-02-T, Pittsburgh, PA 15219, Attention of Samantha Krill Under Armour Syndicated Loan (Email loccentralizedunit pnc.com) and 
 119 

(vi) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Company, any other Loan Party, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (c) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (a) Except as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, as provided in Section 2.25 with respect to the extension of any Maturity Date, or as provided in Section 2.14(b) and Section 2.14(c), neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof 
 120 

may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, provided that (x) any amendment or modification to the financial covenants in this Agreement (or the defined terms used in the financial covenants to this Agreement) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii) even if the effect of such amendment or modification would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or any LC Disbursement or to reduce any fee payable hereunder and (y) that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to reduce or waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or fees at the applicable default rate set forth in Section 2.13(d), (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the ratable reduction of any Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.24(b) without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Loans are included on the Effective Date) or (vii) (x) release the Company from its obligations under Article X, (y) other than upon the occurrence of the Collateral and Guarantee Release Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 5.09(g), release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty or (z) except as provided in clause (e) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral, in each case without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.24 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers to each relevant Loan Document (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding 
 121 

thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders and (z) add any terms or conditions for the benefit of Lenders. 
 (c) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Company may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) each Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all principal, interest, fees and other amounts (including participations in LC Disbursements) then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by such Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 (d) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the satisfaction of the Final Release Conditions, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iii) constituting property leased to the Borrower or any Subsidiary under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (iv) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII or (v) upon the occurrence of the Collateral and Guarantee Release Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 5.09(g). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any 
 122 

sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. In addition, each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, (i) to subordinate any Lien on any assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(e) or (ii) in the event that the Borrower shall have advised the Administrative Agent that, notwithstanding the use by the Borrower of commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such holder (but without the requirement to pay any sums to obtain such consent) to permit the Administrative Agent to retain its liens (on a subordinated basis as contemplated by clause (i) above), the holder of such other Indebtedness requires, as a condition to the extension of such credit, that the Liens on such assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document be released, to release the Administrative Agent s Liens on such assets. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrowers only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . (a) The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the Administrative Agent and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel and of any special and local counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks and one additional counsel for all Lenders other than the Administrative Agent and additional counsel in light of actual or potential conflicts of interest or the availability of different claims or defenses, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (a) The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Syndication Agent, each Co-Documentation Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (which, in the case of counsel, shall be limited to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of (x) one primary counsel and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, (y) one additional counsel, and one additional counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, for all Indemnitees other than the Administrative Agent and (z) additional counsel for affected Indemnitees in light of actual or potential conflicts of interest or the availability of different claims or defenses), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the 
 123 

consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding is brought by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (x) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) a claim initiated by the Company against any Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s express obligations under this Agreement or (iii) any proceeding that does not involve an act or omission by the Company or any of its Affiliates and that is brought by an Indemnitee against any other Indemnitee (other than in its capacity as an Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender or any similar role with respect to the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement). This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (b) To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Company s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof) provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 
 (c) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (d) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than fifteen (15) days after written demand therefor with reasonable detail. 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby 
 124 

(including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (a) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of 
 (A) the Company provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof) provided , further , that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent 
 (C) each Issuing Bank and 
 (D) the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to 
 125 

be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits and be subject to the obligations of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to circumstances occurring prior to the assignment). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall, absent manifest error, treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement 
 126 

incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information 
 127 

relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations (or any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding (that has not been cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(j)) and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted). The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any 
 128 

other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company and each Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Company and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original (ii) agrees that the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Company and or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other 
 129 

obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any of and all of the Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (a) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Secured Party relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Collateral or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c) Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably designates and appoints the Company, as its authorized agent, to accept and acknowledge on its behalf, service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(c) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City. The Company hereby represents, warrants and confirms that the Company has agreed to accept such appointment (and any similar appointment by a Subsidiary Guarantor which is a Foreign Subsidiary). Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable by each such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower until all Loans, all reimbursement obligations, interest thereon and all other 
 130 

amounts payable by such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof and such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have been terminated as a Borrower hereunder pursuant to Section 2.23. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(c) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City by service of process upon the Company as provided in this Section 9.09(e) provided that, to the extent lawful and possible, notice of said service upon such agent shall be mailed by registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Company and (if applicable to) such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at its address set forth in the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement to which it is a party or to any other address of which such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have given written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy thereof to the Company). Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claim of error by reason of any such service in such manner and agrees that such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be taken and held to be valid and personal service upon and personal delivery to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. To the extent any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, execution or otherwise), each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority, including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (provided that, except with respect to any audit or examination by bank accountants or by any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, each of the 
 131 

Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall, to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, use reasonable efforts to promptly notify the Company of such disclosure), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Company or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries or its or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by or on behalf of the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 9.14. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors . 
 132 

(a) A Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty and this Agreement upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Further, the Administrative Agent may (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Company, release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty and this Agreement if such Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a Significant Subsidiary. 
 (c) Upon the occurrence of the Collateral and Guarantee Release Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 5.09(g), the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder and this Agreement shall be terminated as set forth in Section 5.09(g). 
 (d) At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Obligations (other than Swap Obligations, Banking Services Obligations, Supply Chain Finance Obligations and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) shall have been paid in full in cash, the Commitments shall have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding (the foregoing, collectively, the Final Release Conditions ), the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder and this Agreement shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 
 SECTION 9.15. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the applicable Overnight Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 9.16. No Fiduciary Duty . 
 (a) Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to such Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, such Borrower or any other person. Each Borrower agrees that it will not assert any 
 133 

claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising such Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. Each Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to any Borrower with respect thereto. 
 (b) Each Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, such Borrower, its Subsidiaries and other companies with which such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 (c) In addition, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its Affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from such Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with such Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. Each Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares 
 134 

or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 9.18. Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 
 SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

ARTICLE X 
 Company Guarantee 
 SECTION 10.01. Guarantee . (a) The Company hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders (and any Affiliate of any Lender in its capacity as a counterparty in any Swap Agreement, Supply Chain Financing or Banking Services Agreement) and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and 
 135 

complete payment and performance (i) by the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Secured Obligations of the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers and (ii) by each other Subsidiary of its Secured Obligations in respect of Swap Agreements, Supply Chain Financings and Banking Services Agreements (clauses (i) and (ii) collectively, the Subsidiary Obligations ). 
 (b) The Company agrees that the Subsidiary Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of the Company hereunder that would exist in the absence of this Article X without impairing this Guarantee or affecting the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder. 
 (c) This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until all the Subsidiary Obligations shall have been satisfied by payment in full in immediately available funds, no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments shall be terminated, notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of this Guarantee the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers may be free from any Subsidiary Obligations. 
 (d) No payment made by any Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Subsidiary Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of the Company hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by the Company in respect of the Subsidiary Obligations or any payment received or collected from the Company in respect of the Subsidiary Obligations), remain liable for the Subsidiary Obligations until the Subsidiary Obligations are paid in full in immediately available funds, no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments are terminated. 
 SECTION 10.02. No Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment made by the Company hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Company shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for the payment of the Subsidiary Obligations nor shall the Company seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other guarantor in respect of payments made by the Company under this Guarantee, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers on account of the Subsidiary Obligations are paid in full in immediately available funds, no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments are terminated. If any amount shall be paid to the Company on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Subsidiary Obligations shall not have been paid in full in immediately available funds, such amount shall be held by the Company for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by the Company, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by the Company (duly indorsed by the Company to the Administrative Agent, if required), to be applied against the Subsidiary Obligations whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine. 
 SECTION 10.03. Amendments, etc. with respect to the Subsidiary Obligations . The Company shall remain obligated under this Guarantee notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against the Company and without notice to or further assent by the Company, any demand for payment of any of the Subsidiary Obligations made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be rescinded by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and any of the Subsidiary Obligations continued, 
 136 

and the Subsidiary Obligations or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and this Agreement and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, in accordance with Section 9.02, as the Administrative Agent (or the Required Lenders or all Lenders, as the case may be) may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for the payment of the Subsidiary Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released without affecting the Company s obligations under this Article X. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by it as security for the Subsidiary Obligations or for this Guarantee. 
 SECTION 10.04. Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional. The Company waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Subsidiary Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee the Subsidiary Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon this Article X and all dealings between the Company, any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Article X. The Company waives diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries with respect to the Subsidiary Obligations. The Company understands and agrees that this Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any of the Subsidiary Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, Subsidiary Guarantor or any other Person against the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers or Subsidiary Guarantors for the Subsidiary Obligations, or of the Company under this Article X, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against the Company, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as it may have against the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Subsidiary Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability under this Article X, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against the Company under this Article X. For the purposes hereof demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings. 
 137 

SECTION 10.05. Reinstatement . This Article X shall continue to be effective, or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Subsidiary Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 
 SECTION 10.06. Payments . The Company hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Administrative Agent without set-off or counterclaim in dollars or the applicable Agreed Currency in accordance with Section 2.18. 
 SECTION 10.07. Keepwell . The Company hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Subsidiary Guarantor to honor all of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty in respect of Specified Swap Obligations (provided, however, that the Company shall only be liable under this Section 10.07 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.07 or otherwise under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The Company intends that this Section 10.07 constitute, and this Section 10.07 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each Subsidiary Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 138 

SCHEDULE 2.01 
 
 COMMITMENTS 
 
 LENDER 
 2026 COMMITMENT 
 2027 COMMITMENT 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 155,000,000.00 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 155,000,000.00 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 155,000,000.00 
 TRUIST BANK 
 155,000,000.00 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 115,000,000.00 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 115,000,000.00 
 BNP PARIBAS 
 50,000,000.00 
 DBS BANK LTD. 
 50,000,000.00 
 MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY 
 50,000,000.00 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. 
 50,000,000.00 
 
 SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION 
 50,000,000.00 
 AGGREGATE COMMITMENTS 
 50,000,000.00 
 1,050,000,000.00 
 
 139 

SCHEDULE 2.06 
 
 LETTER OF CREDIT COMMITMENTS 

LENDER 
 LETTER OF CREDIT COMMITMENT 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 25,000,000 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 25,000,000 

140 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 
 This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between Insert name of Assignor (the Assignor and Insert name of Assignee (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender, as applicable, under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender, as applicable) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 
 1. Assignor 
 
 2. Assignee 
 and is an Affiliate of identify Lender 1 
 
 3. Borrowers Under Armour, Inc. and certain Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers 
 
 4. Administrative Agent JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
 
 5. Credit Agreement The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 among Under Armour, Inc., the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto 
 _________________________ 
 1 Select as applicable. 

6. Assigned Interest 
 
 Facility Assigned 2 
 Aggregate Amount of Commitment Loans for all Lenders 
 Amount of Commitment Loans Assigned 
 Percentage Assigned of Commitment Loans 3 

Effective Date _____________ ___, 20___ TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR. 
 
 The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company, the other Borrowers and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to 

ASSIGNOR 
 
 NAME OF ASSIGNOR 
 
 By 
 Title 
 
 ASSIGNEE 
 
 NAME OF ASSIGNEE 
 
 By 
 Title 

Consented to and Accepted 

_______________________________ 
 2 Fill in the appropriate terminology for the type of facility under the Credit Agreement that is being assigned under this Assignment (e.g., 2026 Commitment or 2027 Commitment ). 
 3 Set forth, so at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 
 2 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 
 Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank and the 
 Swingline Lender 
 
 By 
 Title 

3 

Consented to 4 
 Under Armour, INC. 
 By Title 

_____________________________________ 
 
 4 To be added only if the consent of the Company is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 4 

ANNEX I 
 STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 
 1. Representations and Warranties . 
 
 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender, as applicable, under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender, as applicable, thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender, as applicable, thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and (v) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a 2026 Lender or a 2027 Lender, as applicable. 
 
 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 

3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 2 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT 
 
 INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated __________, 20___ (this Supplement ), by and among each of the signatories hereto, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the Company has the right, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to effectuate from time to time an increase in the aggregate 2027 Commitments and or one or more tranches of Incremental Term Loans under the Credit Agreement by requesting one or more Lenders to increase the amount of its 2027 Commitment and or to participate in such a tranche 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has given notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to increase the 2027 Commitments and enter into a tranche of Incremental Term Loans pursuant to such Section 2.20 and 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned Increasing Lender now desires to increase the amount of its 2027 Commitment and participate in a tranche of Incremental Term Loans under the Credit Agreement by executing and delivering to the Company and the Administrative Agent this Supplement 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees as follows 
 
 1. The undersigned Increasing Lender agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, that on the date of this Supplement it shall have its 2027 Commitment increased by __________ , thereby making the aggregate amount of its total 2027 Commitments equal to __________ and participate in a tranche of Incremental Term Loans with a commitment amount equal to __________ with respect thereto . 
 
 2. The Company hereby represents and warrants that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 
 
 3. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein. 
 
 4. This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 5. This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. 
 
 INSERT NAME OF INCREASING LENDER 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above 

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Acknowledged as of the date first written above 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 2 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT 
 
 AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated __________, 20___ (this Supplement ), by and among each of the signatories hereto, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in Section 2.20 thereof that any bank, financial institution or other entity may extend 2027 Commitments and participate in tranches of Incremental Term Loans under the Credit Agreement subject to the approval of the Company and the Administrative Agent, by executing and delivering to the Company and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the undersigned Augmenting Lender was not an original party to the Credit Agreement but now desires to become a party thereto 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees as follows 
 
 1. The undersigned Augmenting Lender agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees that it shall, on the date of this Supplement, become a Lender for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a 2027 Commitment of __________ and a commitment with respect to Incremental Term Loans of __________ . 
 
 2. The undersigned Augmenting Lender (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this Supplement (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and has reviewed such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Supplement (c) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto and (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 3. The undersigned s address for notices for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows 
 ___________ 

4. The Company hereby represents and warrants that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 
 
 5. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein. 
 
 6. This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 7. This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document. 
 
 remainder of this page intentionally left blank 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. 
 
 INSERT NAME OF AUGMENTING LENDER 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above 
 
 UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Acknowledged as of the date first written above 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 3 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 LIST OF CLOSING DOCUMENTS 
 
 UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 
 CERTAIN FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS 
 
 CREDIT FACILITIES 
 
 March 8, 2019 
 
 LIST OF CLOSING DOCUMENTS 1 
 
 A. LOAN DOCUMENTS 
 
 1. Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement by and among Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time parties thereto (collectively with the Company, the Borrowers ), the institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders (the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent for itself and the other Lenders (the Administrative Agent ), evidencing a revolving credit facility to the Borrowers from the Lenders in an initial aggregate principal amount of 1,250,000,000. 
 
 SCHEDULES Schedule 2.01 -- Commitments Schedule 3.05 -- Properties Schedule 3.06 -- Litigation Schedule 6.01 -- Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 -- Existing Liens Schedule 6.04 -- Existing Investments 
 
 EXHIBITS Exhibit A -- Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B -- Form of Increasing Lender Supplement Exhibit C -- Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement Exhibit D -- List of Closing Documents Exhibit E-1 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement Exhibit E-2 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Termination Exhibit G-1 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit G-2 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit G-3 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) Exhibit G-4 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) 
 ____________________________ 
 1 Each capitalized term used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the above-defined Credit Agreement. Items appearing in bold and italics shall be prepared and or provided by the Company and or Company s counsel. 

Exhibit H-1 -- Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit H-2 -- Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit I -- Form of Beneficial Ownership Certification 
 
 2. Notes executed by the initial Borrowers in favor of each of the Lenders, if any, which has requested a note pursuant to Section 2.10(e) of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 B. CORPORATE DOCUMENTS 
 
 3. Certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company certifying (i) that there have been no changes in the Certificate of Incorporation or other charter document of the Company, as attached thereto and as certified by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation (or analogous governmental entity) of the jurisdiction of its organization, since the date of the certification thereof by such governmental entity, (ii) the By-Laws or other applicable organizational document, as attached thereto, of the Company as in effect on the date of such certification, (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors or other governing body of the Company authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document to which it is a party, and (iv) the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of the Company authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (in the case of the Company) authorized to request a Borrowing or the issuance of a Letter of Credit under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 4. Good Standing Certificate (or analogous documentation if applicable) for the Company from the State Department of Assessments and Taxation (or analogous governmental entity) of the jurisdiction of its organization, to the extent generally available in such jurisdiction. 
 
 C. OPINIONS 
 
 5. Opinion of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, counsel for the Company. 
 
 6. Opinion of the General Counsel of the Company. 
 
 D. CLOSING CERTIFICATES AND MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 7. A Certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Company certifying the following (i) that all of the representations and warranties contained in Article III of the Credit Agreement are true and correct and (ii) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing. 

2 

EXHIBIT E-1 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 BORROWING SUBSIDIARY AGREEMENT 
 
 BORROWING SUBSIDIARY AGREEMENT dated as of _____ , among Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), Name of Foreign Subsidiary Borrower , a __________ (the New Borrowing Subsidiary ), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. Under the Credit Agreement, the Lenders have agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions therein set forth, to make Loans to certain Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers (collectively with the Company, the Borrowers ), and the Company and the New Borrowing Subsidiary desire that the New Borrowing Subsidiary become a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. In addition, the New Borrowing Subsidiary hereby authorizes the Company to act on its behalf as and to the extent provided for in Article II of the Credit Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the New Borrowing Subsidiary hereby designates the following officers as being authorized to request Borrowings under the Credit Agreement on behalf of the New Subsidiary Borrower and sign this Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the New Borrowing Subsidiary is, or may from time to time become, a party ______________ . 
 
 Each of the Company and the New Borrowing Subsidiary represents and warrants that the representations and warranties of the Company in the Credit Agreement relating to the New Borrowing Subsidiary and this Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, other than representations given as of a particular date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of that date. The Company and the New Borrowing Subsidiary further represent and warrant that the execution, delivery and performance by the New Borrowing Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the use of any of the proceeds raised in connection with this Agreement will not contravene or conflict with, or otherwise constitute unlawful financial assistance under, Sections 677 to 683 (inclusive) of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006 of England and Wales (as amended). INSERT OTHER PROVISIONS REASONABLY REQUESTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ITS COUNSELS 1 The Company agrees that the Guarantee of the Company contained in the Credit Agreement will apply to the Obligations of the New Borrowing Subsidiary. Upon execution of this Agreement by each of the Company, the New Borrowing Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent, the New Borrowing Subsidiary shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and shall constitute a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower for all purposes thereof, and the New Borrowing Subsidiary hereby agrees to be bound by all provisions of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 ____________________________ 
 1 To be included only if a New Borrowing Subsidiary will be a Borrower organized under the laws of England and Wales. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their authorized officers as of the date first appearing above. 

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

NAME OF NEW BORROWING SUBSIDIARY 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative 
 Agent 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT E-2 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 BORROWING SUBSIDIARY TERMINATION 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 for the Lenders referred to below 
 10 South Dearborn Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60603 
 Attention __________ 
 
 Date 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 The undersigned, Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), refers to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company hereby terminates the status of ______________ (the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower under the Credit Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that no Loans made to the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary are outstanding as of the date hereof and that all amounts payable by the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary in respect of interest and or fees (and, to the extent notified by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Credit Agreement have been paid in full on or prior to the date hereof. The Company acknowledges that the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary shall continue to be a Borrower until such time as all Loans made to the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary shall have been prepaid and all amounts payable by the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary in respect of interest and or fees (and, to the extent notified by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Credit Agreement shall have been paid in full, provided that the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary shall not have the right to make further Borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 

Signature Page Follows 

This instrument shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 UNDER ARMOUR, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Copy to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10 South Dearborn Street 
 Chicago, Illinois 60603 
 2 

EXHIBIT F 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 GUARANTEE AGREEMENT 
 
 GUARANTEE AGREEMENT, dated as of May 12, 2020 (this Guarantee ), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors ), in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the banks and other financial institutions or entities (the Lenders from time to time party to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers parties thereto (the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers and, together with the Company, the Borrowers ), the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 WI T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders have severally agreed to make extensions of credit to the Borrowers upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein 
 
 WHEREAS, each Borrower is a member of an affiliated group of companies that includes each Guarantor 
 
 WHEREAS, the proceeds of the extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement will be used in part to enable the Borrowers to make valuable transfers to one or more of the Guarantors in connection with the operation of their respective businesses 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers and the Guarantors are engaged in related businesses, and each Guarantor will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit from the making of the extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the obligation of the Lenders to make their respective extensions of credit to the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement that the Guarantors shall have executed and delivered this Guarantee to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into the Credit Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make their respective extensions of credit to the Borrowers thereunder, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. DEFINED TERMS 
 
 1.1 Definitions . (a) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 (b) The following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 Borrower Obligations means the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and all other Secured Obligations and liabilities of each Borrower (including, without limitation, interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in the 

Credit Agreement after the maturity of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in the Credit Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, the Credit Agreement and this Guarantee, any Letter of Credit, any Swap Agreement, any Banking Services Agreement, any Supply Chain Financing (other than any Excluded Supply Chain Financing Agreement) or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise (including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to the Lenders that are required to be paid by any Borrower pursuant to the terms of any of the foregoing agreements). 
 
 Guaranteed Obligations means the Borrower Obligations and all other Secured Obligations of Company and its Subsidiaries provided , however, that the definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor. 
 
 Reimbursement Obligation means the obligation of each Borrower to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.06(e) of the Credit Agreement for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit. 
 
 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) The words hereof, herein , hereto and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. 
 
 (b) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 
 
 SECTION 2. GUARANTEE 
 
 2.1 Guarantee . (a) Each Guarantor hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 (b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable federal and state laws relating to the insolvency of debtors (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2.2). 
 
 (c) Each Guarantor agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor hereunder without impairing this Guarantee or affecting the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party hereunder. 

2 

(d) This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until all the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations of each Guarantor under this Guarantee shall have been satisfied by payment in full in immediately available funds, no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments shall be terminated, notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of the Credit Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations. 
 
 (e) No payment made by any Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations), remain liable for the Guaranteed Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Guaranteed Obligations are paid in full in immediately available funds, no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments are terminated. 
 
 2.2 Right of Contribution . Each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid more than the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Guarantor if each Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such payment in the same proportion as such Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Guarantors as determined immediately prior to the making of such payment, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2.3. The provisions of this Section 2.2 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder. As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Guarantors as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions. 
 
 2.3 No Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against the Borrowers or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Borrowers or any other Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by the Borrowers on account of the Guaranteed Obligations are paid in full in immediately available funds, no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding and the Commitments are terminated. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Guaranteed Obligations shall not have been paid in full in immediately available funds, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, if required), to 
 3 

be applied against the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine. 
 
 2.4 Amendments, etc. with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations . Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be rescinded by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and any of the Guaranteed Obligations continued, and the Guaranteed Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and the Credit Agreement and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Administrative Agent (or the Required Lenders or all Lenders, as the case may be) may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by it as security for the Guaranteed Obligations or for this Guarantee. 
 
 2.5 Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional . Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon this Guarantee and all dealings between any Borrower and any Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. Each Guarantor waives diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Borrowers or any Guarantor with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees that this Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any Borrower or any other Person against the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrower or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of any Borrower for the Guaranteed Obligations, or of such Guarantor under this Guarantee, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as it may have against the Borrowers, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from any Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of any Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings. 
 4 

2.6 Reinstatement . This Guarantee shall continue to be effective, or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of any Borrower or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, any Borrower or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), all as though such payments had not been made. 
 
 2.7 Payments . Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Administrative Agent without set-off or counterclaim in dollars or the applicable Foreign Currency in accordance with Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 2.8 Limitation of Guarantee . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guarantee, the amount guaranteed by each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Guarantor may have under this Guarantee, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. 
 
 SECTION 3. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Each Guarantor acknowledges that the rights and responsibilities of the Administrative Agent under this Guarantee with respect to any action taken by the Administrative Agent or the exercise or non-exercise by the Administrative Agent of any right or remedy provided for herein or resulting or arising out of this Guarantee shall, as between the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, be governed by the Credit Agreement and by such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from time to time among them, but, as between the Administrative Agent and the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent shall be conclusively presumed to be acting as agent for the Lenders with full and valid authority so to act or refrain from acting, and no Guarantor shall be under any obligation, or entitlement, to make any inquiry respecting such authority. 
 
 SECTION 4. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 4.1 Amendments in Writing . None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and each Guarantor. 
 
 4.2 Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Guarantor to be effective shall be in writing, shall be given in the manner and at the addresses specified in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement (or, in the case of any Guarantor, to such Guarantor c o the Company at the address of the Company set forth in said Section or at such other address as the Company may provide in accordance with Section 9.01(c) of the Credit Agreement) and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when received. 
 
 4.3 No Waiver by Course of Conduct Cumulative Remedies . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 4.1), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the 
 5 

Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent or such Lender would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law. 
 
 4.4 Enforcement Expenses Indemnification . (a) Each Guarantor agrees to pay or reimburse each Lender and the Administrative Agent for all its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under this Guarantee or otherwise enforcing or preserving its rights under this Guarantee, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel and of any special and local counsel for the Administrative Agent and one additional counsel for all Lenders other than the Administrative Agent and additional counsel in light of actual or potential conflicts of interest or the availability of different claims or defenses. 
 
 (b) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or similar taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee. 
 
 (c) Each Guarantor agrees to indemnify, and to hold the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any Lender arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 (d) Each of the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees, jointly and severally with the other Guarantors, that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify the Credit Parties immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability they incur as a result of the Company or any of its Affiliates not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by such Guarantor under this Guaranty on the date when it would have been due (but so that the amount payable by each Guarantor under this indemnity will not exceed the amount which it would have had to pay under this Guaranty if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guaranty). 
 
 (e) The agreements in this Section 4.4 shall survive repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 4.5 Successors and Assigns . This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their successors and assigns provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 4.6 Set-Off . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor against any of and all the obligations of such Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or 
 6 

not such Lender shall have made any demand for payment under this Guarantee and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 
 
 4.7 Counterparts . This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 4.8 Severability . Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 4.9 Section Headings . The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof. 
 
 4.10 Integration . This Guarantee represents the agreement of each Guarantor with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 
 
 4.11 GOVERNING LAW . THIS GUARANTEE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 4.12 Submission To Jurisdiction Waivers . (a) Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County, Borough of Manhattan, and of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guarantee, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Guarantee shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Guarantee against any Guarantor or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 
 (b) Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 
 (c) Each party to this Guarantee irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 4.2. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 7 

(d) Each Guarantor waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 
 4.13 Additional Guarantors . Each Subsidiary of the Company that is required to become a party to this Guarantee pursuant to Section 5.09 of the Credit Agreement or is designated by the Company to be a Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 hereto and thereupon shall become a Guarantor under this Guarantee. 
 
 4.14 Releases . The obligations of any Guarantor under this Guarantee shall automatically terminate in accordance with Section 9.14 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 4.15 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 
 4.16 Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guaranty in respect of Specified Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 4.16 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 4.16 or otherwise under this Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 4.16 shall remain in full force and effect until a discharge of such Qualified ECP Guarantor s Guaranteed Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Loan Documents. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 4.16 constitute, and this Section 4.16 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. As used herein, Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Specified Swap Obligation, each Guarantor that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation or such other Person as constitutes an ECP and can cause another Person to qualify as an ECP at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Signature Pages Follow 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 UA CONNECTED FITNESS, INC. 
 
 By _____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 UNDER ARMOUR RETAIL, INC. 

By _____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Guarantee 
 9 

Acknowledged and Agreed 
 as of the date first written above 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 
 By _____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Guarantee 
 
 10 

Annex 1 
 to Guarantee Agreement 

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of ________ , made by _________ , a ________ (the Additional Guarantor ), in favor of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the banks and other financial institutions or entities (the Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Credit Agreement. 
 
 WI T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers parties thereto, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have entered into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the Credit Agreement, certain of the Company s Subsidiaries (other than the Additional Guarantor) have entered into the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2020 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
 
 WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement requires or permits the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee Agreement 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED 
 
 1. Guarantee Agreement . By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, as provided in Section 4.13 of the Guarantee Agreement, the Additional Guarantor hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee Agreement as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. 
 
 2. Governing Law . THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT G-1 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto (collectively with the Company, the Borrowers ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 NAME OF LENDER 
 
 By ______________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Date __________, 20 __ 

EXHIBIT G-2 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto (collectively with the Company, the Borrowers ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 NAME OF PARTICIPANT 
 
 By ______________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Date __________, 20 __ 

EXHIBIT G-3 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto (collectively with the Company, the Borrowers ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, from each of such partner s member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 NAME OF PARTICIPANT 
 
 By ______________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Date __________, 20 __ 

EXHIBIT G-4 
 
 FORM OF 
 
 U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Under Armour, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto (collectively with the Company, the Borrowers ), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor form), as applicable, from each of such partner s member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 NAME OF LENDER 
 
 By ______________________________________ 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Date __________, 20 __ 

EXHIBIT H 
 
 FORM OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP CERTIFICATE 
 
 CERTIFICATION REGARDING BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 OF LEGAL ENTITY CUSTOMERS 
 
 I. GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 What is this form 
 
 To help the U.S. government fight financial crime, federal regulation requires certain financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information about the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. Legal entities can be abused to disguise involvement in terrorist financing, money laundering, tax evasion, corruption, fraud, and other financial crimes. Requiring the disclosure of key individuals who own or control a legal entity (i.e., the beneficial owners) helps U.S. law enforcement investigate and prosecute these crimes. 
 
 Who has to complete this form 
 
 This form must be completed by the person opening a new account on behalf of a legal entity with a bank, a broker or dealer in securities, or certain other types of U.S. financial institution, and the form must be completed at the time each new account is opened. For these purposes, opening a new account includes establishing a formal relationship with a broker-dealer or lender to effect transactions in securities or for the extension of credit. 
 
 For the purposes of this form, a legal entity includes a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity that is created by a filing of a public document with a Secretary of State or similar office, a general partnership, and any similar business entity formed in the United States or any other country. Legal entity does not include sole proprietorships, unincorporated associations, or natural persons opening accounts on their own behalf. 
 
 What information do I have to provide 
 
 This form requires you to provide the name, address, date of birth and Social Security number (or passport number or other similar information, in the case of non-U.S. persons) for the following individuals (i.e., the beneficial owners 
 (i) A single individual with significant responsibility for managing the legal entity customer (e.g., a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, or Treasurer) and 
 (ii) Each individual, if any, who owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the equity interests of the legal entity customer (e.g., each natural person who owns 10 or more of the shares of a corporation). 
 The number of individuals that satisfy this definition of beneficial owner may vary. Under section (i), only one individual needs to be identified. Under section (ii), depending on the factual circumstances, up to four individuals (but as few as zero) may need to be identified. It is possible that in some circumstances the same individual might be identified under both sections (e.g., the President of Acme, Inc. who also holds a 30 equity interest). Thus, a completed form will contain the identifying information of at least one individual (under section (i)), and up to five individuals (i.e., one individual under section (i) and four 10 equity holders under section (ii)). 
 
 This form also requires you to provide copies of (1) the legal formation document for each legal entity (i.e., the issuer, borrower, or selling securityholder) listed on this form (e.g., Certificate of Incorporation, 

LLC Agreement, Partnership Agreement, etc.), and (2) a driver s license, passport or other identifying document for each beneficial owner listed on this form. 

II. EXCLUSIONS (IF APPLICABLE) 
 
 If you believe the legal entity listed in Section III, paragraph (b) below falls under an express exclusion from the legal entity customer definition under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230(e)(2), please check the box below and identify the applicable exclusion 
 
 An exclusion applies to the legal entity identified in paragraph (b) of Section III below. 

Applicable exclusion ________________________________________________ 

If the box above is checked, please skip paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section III below. 

III. IDENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNER(S) 

For the benefit of each of the financial institutions involved in the applicable sale of securities or extension of credit for which this certification is provided, the following information is hereby provided on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder legal entity customer listed below 
 
 a. Individual Opening Account. Name and Title of Natural Person Opening Account and Completing Certification on Behalf of Legal Entity Customer 
 
 _________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 b. Legal Entity Customer. Name, Type, and Principal Business Address of Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder Legal Entity Customer for Which the Account is Being Opened 
 
 _________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Please attach a copy of the legal formation document for each legal entity listed above (e.g., Certificate of Incorporation, LLC Agreement, Partnership Agreement, etc.). 
 
 c. Control Prong. The following information for one individual with significant responsibility for managing the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder legal entity customer listed above, such as 
 
 An executive officer or senior manager (e.g., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Managing Member, General Partner, President, Vice President, Treasurer) or 
 
 Any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 
 
 Name Title Date of Birth Address (Residential or Business Street Address) For U.S. Persons Social Security Number 
 For Non-U.S. Persons Social Security Number, Passport Number and Country of Issuance, or other similar identification number 7 

Please attach copies of a driver s license, passport or other identifying document for each individual listed above. 

____________________________ 
 7 In lieu of a passport number, non-U.S. persons may also provide a Social Security Number, an alien identification card number, or number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. 

d. Ownership Equity Prong. The following information for each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, owns 10 or more of the equity interests of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder legal entity customer listed above 
 
 Name Date of Birth Address (Residential or Business Street Address) For U.S. Persons Social Security Number 
 For Non-U.S. Persons Social Security Number, Passport Number and Country of Issuance, or other similar identification number 8 
 
 (If appropriate, an individual listed under section (c) above may also be listed in this section (d)). 
 
 Please attach copies of a driver s license, passport or other identifying document for each individual listed above. 
 
 Equity Owner Not Applicable (Please check this box if there is no individual who owns 10 or more of the equity interest of the legal entity listed above.) 

____________________________ 
 
 8 In lieu of a passport number, non-U.S. persons may also provide a Social Security Number, an alien identification card number, or number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. 

IV. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT SIGNATURE 

I, _______________________________, in my capacity as _______________________________ of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder listed above and not in my individual capacity, hereby 
 
 (a) acknowledge and authorize on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder and each beneficial owner identified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section III above that this certification and the attachments hereto may be provided to each of the financial institutions involved in the applicable sale of securities or extension of credit 
 
 (b) agree on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder identified above, from the date hereof until the closing of the applicable sale of securities or the termination of the agreement providing for the applicable extension of credit, as the case may be, to notify each of the financial institutions involved in such transaction of any change in the information provided herein that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in paragraph (c) or (d) of Section III above 
 
 (c) agree on behalf of the Issuer Borrower Selling Securityholder identified above, upon request by or on behalf of the financial institutions involved in the applicable sale of securities or extension of credit, to provide documentation supporting any applicable exclusion identified in Section II above and 
 
 (d) certify, to the best of my knowledge, that the information provided above is complete and correct. 

Signature ___________________________________ Date _________________________ 

Legal Entity Identifier _________________ (Optional) 

Annex B 

Consent and Reaffirmation 

Each of the undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the foregoing Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019, by and among Under Armour, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), which Amendment No. 5 is dated as of July 3, 2024 and is by and among the Company, the financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof and the Administrative Agent (the Amendment ). Capitalized terms used in this Consent and Reaffirmation and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement as amended by the Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement ). Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, each of the undersigned consents to the Amendment and reaffirms the terms and conditions of the Subsidiary Guaranty and any other Loan Document executed by it and acknowledges and agrees that the Subsidiary Guaranty and each and every such Loan Document executed by the undersigned in connection with the Credit Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. All references to the Credit Agreement contained in the above referenced documents shall be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement and as the same may from time to time hereafter be amended, restated, supplemented and or otherwise modified. 

Dated July 3, 2024 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Consent and Reaffirmation has been duly executed and delivered as of the day and year above written. 

UNDER ARMOUR RETAIL, INC. 

By s Mack Makode 
 Name Mack Makode 
 Title Treasurer 

UA CONNECTED FITNESS, LLC 

By s Mack Makode 
 Name Mack Makode 
 Title Treasurer 
 Signature Page to Consent and Reaffirmation to Amendment No. 5 to 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2019 
 Under Armour, Inc. 

</EX-10.01>

<EX-10.02>
 3
 ua-09302024xex1002dauschse.htm
 EX-10.02

Document 

Exhibit 10.02 
 
 SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
 
 This Separation Agreement and General Release Agreement is entered into between Under Armour, Inc. (the Company and Jim Dausch Employee (collectively, the Parties ). Addendum No. 1 includes certain provisions required in specific states, and to the extent that the law of a state referenced in the Addendum applies, that reference is incorporated into this Agreement. 
 
 1. Termination of Relationship . Employee s separation from employment with the Company will end on close of business August 30, 2024 Separation Date ). Employee s final paycheck, which will include payment for all hours worked through the Separation Date, is being paid to Employee regardless of whether Employee signs this Agreement. In addition, per the Company s Paid Time Off PTO policy, Employee will receive payment for any unused PTO that accrued through March 31, 2024, or as otherwise required by state law regardless of whether Employee signs this Agreement. 
 
 2. Consideration . For and in consideration of Employee s decision to enter into this Agreement, the Company agrees as follows 
 
 A. The Company will provide Employee with payment in the total gross amount of 937,500 which is the equivalent of one and one-half years of Employee s current salary Severance Pay ). The Severance Pay will be paid out in a lump sum payment as soon as administratively practicable after the Separation Date and following the Company s receipt of this signed Agreement from Employee the Effective Date of the Agreement (defined in Section 6 below) and all conditions precedent to payment being satisfied, such as the return of all Company property. Such Severance Pay will be subject to applicable taxes and other legally required withholdings and deductions. 
 
 B. The Company will not appeal any determination made by the state unemployment compensation agency UC agency awarding benefits on any claim for unemployment benefits filed by Employee following their separation from employment with the Company provided, however, that Employee understands and agrees that (1) the UC agency, not the Company, determines whether Employee is eligible to receive benefits (2) nothing will interfere with the Company s right and or obligation to truthfully respond to any inquiry and or provide any documentation requested by the UC agency and (3) Employee cannot raise any claim against the Company because of information that is provided to the UC agency. 
 
 C. Pursuant to Section 4 of the Employee Confidentiality, Non-Competition, and Non-Solicitation Agreement, the Company hereby gives notice to the Employee that the Non-Competition Restricted Period will begin on August 31, 2024 and end on August 30, 2025. Pursuant to Section 7 of the Non-Competition Agreement, should any additional consideration be required during the 78-week Severance Pay period, such 

Severance Pay satisfies the Non-Competition Payment, except as otherwise required by applicable law, in which case the Company will compensate Employee as required by applicable law. 
 
 D. Employee s active employee participation in the Company-sponsored group medical, dental and or vision insurance plans (collectively the group health plan will terminate at the end of the month in which the Separation Date occurs. Thereafter, Employee and or Employee s eligible dependents (if any) (each a qualified beneficiary may elect to continue coverage under the group health plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ). Employee will receive information regarding COBRA continuation rights and responsibilities from the Company s third-party COBRA administrator under separate cover. If Employee and or Employee s eligible dependents timely elect to receive COBRA continuation coverage under the group health plans, the Company will pay the COBRA premium plus the 2 administrative fee for the coverage level in effect as of Employee s Separation Date. The Company s payment of the COBRA premium will take effect as of the first day of the month following the Separation Date i . e ., when Employee s active employee health care coverage ends and COBRA continuation coverage begins, if elected) and will continue for 18 months. Employee understands and agrees that, at all times, it is Employee s responsibility (and that of any eligible dependents) to timely and properly elect COBRA and that the Company will not elect COBRA for Employee (or any eligible dependent). If any qualified beneficiary remains covered under the group health plan beyond this period, such qualified beneficiary will be solely responsible for the entire applicable COBRA premiums for coverage elected in order to maintain such coverage for the balance of the COBRA continuation period and will receive no further reimbursement from the Company. 
 
 E. The Company will provide the Employee with a payment in the gross amount of 25,000 less taxes and other legally required withholdings and deductions, intended to compensate the Employee for the cost of outplacement services following termination of employment. 
 
 F. Employee agrees that all PTO will be entered into the Company system of record in advance of the leave being taken. 
 
 3. No Additional Payments or Benefits. Employee agrees and understands that the consideration set forth in Section 2 above is not required by the Company s policies and procedures or by any prior agreement between Employee and the Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee will receive no additional payments or benefits other than as set forth in this Agreement unless such payment or benefit is a vested benefit or required by law. The parties acknowledge that all outstanding equity awards held by the Employee continue to be governed by the terms of such awards, and all unvested equity awards will be forfeited as of the Separation Date. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee is solely and entirely responsible for the payment and discharge of all federal, state, and local taxes, if any, that may at any time be found to be due upon or as a result of any amount that is paid to Employee by the Company under this Agreement and agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless should the IRS determine taxes are due as a result of any failure by Employee to pay taxes due, the exception being the Company s share for FICA and any other employer tax. 
 2 

4. Release. In exchange for the promises in this Agreement which Employee acknowledges as good and valuable consideration, and except as expressly provided below, Employee releases and discharges the Company and its past, present and future parents, divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates, predecessors, successors and assigns, and its and their past, present, and future officers, directors, members, partners, attorneys, employee benefit plans, employees, agents, clients, and representatives (collectively Released Parties from any and all actions, causes of action, debts, dues, claims and demands of every name and nature, without limitation, at law, in equity, against the Released Parties which Employee has or may have by reason of any matter or thing arising up to and including the date Employee signs this Agreement. Those claims and causes of action covered by this Release include, but are not limited to, any known or unknown claim or action sounding in tort, contract, and discrimination of any kind, and or any cause of action arising under federal, state or local statute or ordinance, including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act OWBPA ), the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (excluding claims for accrued and vested benefits, if any), the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Equal Pay Act, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the National Labor Relations Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and similar state and local laws, any amendments to the foregoing, any other federal, state or local statute, rule, ordinance or regulation, as well as any claims for alleged wrongful discharge, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, breach of contract, fraud or any other unlawful behavior, the existence of which is specifically denied by the Company. 
 
 Employee further acknowledges that this Agreement extends also to claims that Employee does not know or suspect to exist in Employee s favor at the time of executing this Agreement, which if known by Employee might have materially affected Employee s decision to execute this Agreement. Employee knowingly and voluntarily waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits that Employee has or may have under applicable law with respect to such claims. Employee has not assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer, to any person, entity, or individual whatsoever, any claim or any portion thereof or interest therein Employee has against any of the Released Parties. 
 
 5. Rights and Claims Reserved . Nothing in this Agreement is intended to waive claims for unemployment or workers compensation benefits for vested rights under ERISA-covered employee benefit plans as applicable on the date Employee signs this Agreement that may arise after Employee signs this Agreement for reimbursement of expenses under the Company s expense reimbursement policies all of which cannot be released by private agreement. In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions limits or affects Employee s right to challenge the validity of this Agreement under the ADEA or the OWBPA prevents Employee from communicating with, filing a charge or complaint with, providing documents or information voluntarily or in response to a subpoena or other information request to, or from participating in an investigation, proceeding or action conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Occupational Health and Safety Administration, Department of Justice, law enforcement, or any other any federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any laws, or from responding to a subpoena or discovery request in court litigation or arbitration limits or restricts the documents or information that Employee can communicate or 
 3 

provide to the Securities and Exchange Commission or limits Employee from exercising rights, if any, under Section 7 of the NLRA or similar state law to engage in protected, concerted activity with other employees, although by signing this Agreement Employee is waiving rights to individual relief (including backpay, front pay, reinstatement or other legal or equitable relief) in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit or other proceeding brought by Employee or on Employee s behalf by any third party, except for any right Employee may have to receive a payment or award from a government agency (and not the Company or any of the Released Parties) such as the Securities and Exchange Commission for information provided to the government agency. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement bars or impedes in any way Employee s ability to seek or receive any monetary award from the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with protected whistleblower activity. 
 
 Notwithstanding the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations in this Agreement and otherwise, Employee understands that as provided by the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the Company s trade secrets to Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Employee (a) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 6. Advice of Counsel, Consideration and Revocation Periods, Other Information. Employee specifically acknowledges the following 
 
 a. That the Employee is and has been advised in writing to consult with an attorney of the Employee s choosing concerning this Agreement prior to signing, including whether to sign it 
 
 b. That this Agreement is written in a manner the Employee understands 
 
 c. That the consideration set forth in Section 2 of the Agreement is adequate and sufficient for the Employee entering into this Agreement and consists of benefits to which the Employee is not otherwise entitled absent signing (and not revoking) this Agreement 
 
 d. That the Employee has been afforded 21 days from the date Employee receives this Agreement and any attached information to consider this Agreement before signing it. Employee agrees with the Company that any changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not toll or restart this period for consideration. If Employee has signed this Agreement before the end of this 21-day period, it is because Employee freely chose to do so after carefully considering its terms, and Employee knowingly and voluntarily waives the remainder of the 21-day period. Employee agrees that the Company has made no threats or promises to induce Employee to sign earlier. 
 
 e. Employee has until September 6, 2024 or any longer period provided by state law to return a copy of the signed Agreement to Glenn Rosen, Chief People Officer Under Armour, 
 4 

Inc., 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, MD 21230 or via the DocuSign Portal . If Employee fails to do so, this Agreement will be considered withdrawn by the Company 
 
 f. Additionally, once Employee signs this Agreement, Employee has seven days thereafter in which to revoke it by delivering a written notice of revocation to Kristin Herber, Vice President, Litigation, Under Armour, Inc., 1020 Hull Street, Baltimore, MD 21230 . If the revocation period expires on a weekend or holiday, Employee will have until the end of the next business day to revoke. If Employee does not revoke this Agreement within seven days of signing, this Agreement will be final, binding and effective on the day following such seven-day period (the Effective Date ). 
 
 7. No Admission of Liability or Wrongdoing . This Agreement will not be construed as an admission by the Company of any liability or acts of wrongdoing or discrimination, nor will it considered to be evidence of such liability, wrongdoing or discrimination. 
 
 8. Confidentiality. The nature and terms of this Agreement are strictly confidential and they have not been and shall not be disclosed by Employee at any time to any person other than Employee s lawyer, accountant or immediate family member, or a governmental agency without the prior written consent of an officer of the Company, except as necessary in any legal or administrative proceedings directly related to the provisions and terms of this Agreement, to prepare and file income tax forms or pursuant to court order after reasonable notice to the Company and provided that Employee instructs the aforementioned recipient(s) of the information (with the exception of a governmental agency), and such individuals agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 9. Non-Disparagement . Employee agrees that the Employee has not and will not make statements (including verbal statements, written statements and statements using social media or other internet means) to customers and suppliers of the Company or to other members of the public that are in any way disparaging or negative towards the Company, its products or services, or any of the other Released Parties. 
 
 10. No Filing of Claims and Promise Not to Sue . Employee represents that the Employee has not filed, nor assigned to others the right to file, nor are there currently pending, any complaints or lawsuits against any of the Released Parties with any court, and that Employee will not file, or assign to others the right to file, or make any further claims against the Released Parties in any court at any time for actions taken up to and including the date Employee executes this Agreement. Although Employee is releasing claims under the ADEA and the OWBPA, this promise not to sue does not apply to any challenge Employee might make under those statutes to the knowing and voluntary nature of the release of claims. Further, if any claim described in Section 4 is not subject to release, to the extent permitted by law, Employee waives any right or ability to be a class or collective action representative or to otherwise participate in any putative or certified class, collective or multi-party action or proceeding based on such a claim in which the Company or any other Released Party identified in this Agreement is a party. This Section Ten (10) does not apply to any complaints, claims, or actions that Employee has filed, or may file, with the Securities Exchange Commission. 
 
 11. Future Cooperation . Employee agrees to cooperate with the Company regarding any pending or subsequently filed litigation, claims or other dispute items involving the Company that relate to matters within the knowledge or responsibility of Employee during Employee s employment with the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, Employee agrees (i) to meet with Company 
 5 

representatives, its counsel or other designees at mutually convenient times and places with respect to any items within the scope of this provision (ii) to provide truthful testimony regarding same to any court, agency or other adjudicatory body and (iii) to provide the Company with notice of contact by any adverse party or such adverse party s representative except as may be required by law. The Company will reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that are authorized by the Company before being incurred in connection with the cooperation described in this section. 
 
 12. Return of Company Property . Employee agrees that by signing this Agreement, and as a condition precedent to receiving any payment under this Agreement, Employee has returned by the Separation Date all property belonging to the Company, including, but not limited to, corporate credit cards keys and access cards documents tapes cell phones computers, laptops and other computer equipment and software and any and all confidential and proprietary information, except those items that the Company specifically agrees in writing to permit Employee to retain such as documents pertaining solely to Employee s individual compensation or benefits. All computers and electronic storage devices must be returned in good working order, with all programs and documents intact, and all passwords must be provided to access any files. Employee s access to the Company s property and facilities will end immediately upon the Separation Date. 
 
 13. Expenses . Employee will submit all expenses, including receipts and other supporting documents, payable under the Company s Global Travel and Entertainment Policy no later than 30 days after the Separation Date. Employee will be reimbursed for all properly and timely submitted business expenses, regardless of whether Employee signs this Agreement. 
 
 14. Post Employment Obligations . Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee remains bound by Employee s post-termination continuing obligations to the Company as set forth in Employee s Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement and any other prior agreements between or related to the parties that contain provisions regarding confidentiality of corporate information and post-termination restrictive covenants, which remain intact. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement as amended are fair and reasonably required for the protection of the Company and its legitimate business interests and will not preclude Employee from becoming gainfully employed following termination of his employment. Employee acknowledges and agrees that they are bound by the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, as amended. 
 
 15. Return of Consideration in Event of Breach . Employee agrees that receipt of any consideration and all payments under this Agreement is contingent on the Employee s full compliance with its terms and conditions. Should Employee breach any provision of this Agreement, Employee shall immediately return to the Company any Severance Pay received and the Company will no longer be obligated to pay Employee any Severance Pay otherwise due except that the Company will not seek to recover the first 500 worth of Severance Pay provided to Employee, which Employee may retain and agrees will constitute full and adequate consideration for Employee s release of claims in this Agreement in addition to all other legal and equitable remedies. 
 
 16. Legally Binding Agreement . Employee understands and acknowledges (a) that this is a legally binding release (2) that by signing this Agreement, Employee is hereafter barred from instating claims against the Released Parties in the manner and to the extent set forth in Section 4 and 10 above and (3) this Agreement is final and binding. 
 
 6 

17. Acknowledgements . Employee acknowledges and agrees that the following is true as of the date Employee signs the this Agreement (a) Employee is not owed any wages by the Company for work performed, whether as wages or salary, overtime, bonuses or commissions, or for accrued but unused paid time off, and has been fully compensated for all hours worked through the Separation Date with receipt of a final paycheck, except as provided in this Agreement (b) Employee has had the opportunity to provide the Company with written notice of any and all concerns regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on the part of the Company or any other Released Parties (c) Employee has reported to the Company any and all work-related injuries or illnesses incurred during employment (d) Employee has been properly provided any leave requested because of Employee s or a family member s health condition and has not been subjected to any improper treatment, conduct or actions due to a request for or taking such leave and (e) Employee has not raised and does not otherwise have a claim, including but not limited to, unlawful discrimination, harassment, sexual harassment, abuse, assault, or other criminal conduct, or retaliation in a court or government agency proceeding, in an alternative dispute resolution forum, or through the Company s internal complaint process involving the Company or any of the Released Parties. 
 
 18. No Other Understandings . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal or legal representatives, successors and or assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by Employee. Employee is not relying on any other agreements or oral representations not addressed in this document including any attached disclosure. This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by the Company and Employee. 
 
 19. Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered a construction of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 20. Severability and Governing Law . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any part of this Agreement except Sections 4 and or 10 is found by a court of law to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Agreement will continue to be valid and effective. If Sections 4 and or 10 is found to be unenforceable, the parties agree to seek a determination by the court as to the rights of the parties, including whether Employee is entitled to retain the benefits paid to Employee under the Agreement. This Agreement will be interpreted, enforced and governed by the laws of the state where Employee last worked for the Company, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. 
 
 21. Counterparts and Electronic Signatures . The parties may execute this Agreement in multiple counterparts, each of which constitutes an original, and all of which, collectively, constitute only one agreement. The parties also agree that this Agreement may be executed by original signature or electronic signature. By using an electronic signature option, Employee and the Company agree and intend to be bound by an electronic signature of the other in the same manner as the use of a signature affixed by hand. Although neither Employee nor the Company are required to electronically sign this Agreement, by using an electronic signature option, the parties are agreeing to conduct this transaction by electronic means. For purposes of this Agreement, facsimile or scanned signatures in lieu of original signatures are also acceptable. 
 
 In exchange for the promises contained in this Agreement, the Company promises to provide the benefits set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 7 

Date 9 16 2024 s Glenn Rosen 
 Glenn Rosen, Chief People 
 Officer, Under Armour, Inc. 
 
 In exchange for severance and other promises contained in this Agreement, Employee is entering into this Agreement voluntarily, deliberately, and with all information needed to make an informed decision to enter this Agreement. The Company has provided Employee with the opportunity to ask any questions regarding this Agreement and provided notice of and an opportunity to retain an attorney, or Employee already is represented by an attorney. 

Date 8 30 2024 s Jim Dausch 
 Jim Dausch 

8 

ADDENDUM NO. 1 STATE SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
 
 1. ALABAMA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Alabama, the following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 The non-disparagement obligation in this Agreement does not prevent Employee from exercising the right to (1) communicate with a law enforcement officer acting within the line and scope of the officer s law enforcement duties that a violation of the law has occurred or is occurring (2) communicate with a government regulator acting within the line and scope of the regulator s regulatory duties that a violation of the law has occurred or is occurring (3) respond to a lawfully served judicial, grand jury, or other lawful subpoena (4) testify in a judicial or administrative proceeding in response to a lawfully served subpoena or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction (5) confer with the obligated party s attorney for the purpose of obtaining legal advice or representation (6) respond to lawful discovery in a judicial or administrative action provided the disparaging statement is either ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or made in compliance with a protective order entered by the same court (7) prosecute or defend a civil action between or among parties to a covered contract provided the party making the disparaging statement attempts to and, if permitted by law, does file the disparaging statement and any related pleading under seal or in compliance with a protective order entered by a court of competent jurisdiction in the civil action or (8) exercise federally protected statutory rights, including, but not limited to, the exercise of rights under the National Labor Relations Act or the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended. 
 
 2. ARIZONA . If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Arizona, the following language is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions, prevents Employee from (1) responding to a peace officer s or a prosecutor s inquiry in relation to a violation or an alleged violation of the state s sex offense laws or (2) making a statement not initiated by Employee in a criminal proceeding in relation to a violation or an alleged violation of the state s sex offense laws. Any commission of the foregoing acts will not be used to avoid or invalidate Employee s right to consideration under the Agreement or require Employee to return consideration that has already been provided to Employee pursuant to Section 16. 
 
 3. CALIFORNIA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in California, the following language is added to the end of Release section 
 
 Employee expressly waives and releases all rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads as follows 
 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 
 The following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 9 

In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions (1) prevents Employee from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Employee has reason to believe is unlawful or (2) waives Employee s right to testify in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged sexual harassment on the part of the Company, or on the part of the agents or employees of the Company, when Employee has been required or requested to attend such a proceeding pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. 
 
 4. COLORADO . If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Colorado, the following language is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions, prohibits Employee from disclosing or discussing, either orally or in writing, any alleged discriminatory or unfair employment practice. 
 
 5. HAWAII . If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Hawaii, the following language is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement prohibits Employee from disclosing or discussing sexual harassment or sexual assault occurring in the workplace, at work-related events, between employees, or between the Company and an employee. 
 
 6. ILLINOIS. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Illinois, the following is added to the Confidentiality and Non-Disparagement section 
 
 Employee and the Company expressly acknowledge that confidentiality is the preference of and mutually beneficial to both parties, and that valid and bargained for consideration has been given in exchange for confidentiality. However, this Agreement does not waive Employee s right to make truthful statements or disclosures regarding unlawful employment practices. 
 
 In addition, the following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions (1) waives Employee s right to report allegations of unlawful conduct to federal, State, or local officials for investigation, including, but not limited to, alleged criminal conduct or unlawful employment practices or (2) precludes Employee from testifying in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged unlawful employment practices regarding the Company, its agents, or employees, when Employee has been required or requested to do so pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. 
 
 10 

7. MAINE . If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Maine, the following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions (1) limits Employee s right to report, testify or provide evidence to a federal or state agency that enforces employment or discrimination laws (2) prevents Employee from testifying or providing evidence in federal and state court proceedings in response to legal process or (3) prohibits Employee from reporting conduct to a law enforcement agency. 
 
 8. MASSACHUSETTS. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Massachusetts, the following statutes are added to the list of statutes in the Release section 
 
 The Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act, the Massachusetts Payment of Wages Law, the Massachusetts Overtime Law, the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Pay Act, the Massachusetts Labor and Industries Act, the Massachusetts Privacy Act, the Massachusetts Independent Contractor Act, the Massachusetts Earned Sick Time Law. 
 
 9. MINNESOTA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Minnesota, he she has 15 days to revoke the Agreement instead of the 7 days stated in Section 6(f) of the Advice of Counsel Consideration and Revocation Periods Other Information section. 
 
 10. MONTANA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Montana, the following language is added to the end of the Release section 
 
 Employee is releasing all rights under Montana Code Annotated Section 28-1-1602, which provides 
 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN THE CREDITOR S FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH, IF KNOWN BY THE CREDITOR, MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED THE CREDITOR S SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 
 
 Employee understands that he she is the creditor and the Company is the debtor in this section. 
 
 11. NEVADA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Nevada, the following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions precludes Employee from testifying in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged unlawful employment practices regarding the Company, its agents, or employees, when Employee has been required or requested to do so pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. 
 11 

12. NEW JERSEY. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in New Jersey, the following statutes are added to the list of statutes in the Release section 
 
 The New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, the New Jersey Family Leave Act, and the New Jersey Diane B. Allen Equal Pay Act. 
 
 In addition, the following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions shall have the purpose or effect of requiring Employee to conceal the details relating to any claim of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation, provided that Employee does not reveal proprietary information consisting of non-public trade secrets, business plans, and customer information. 
 
 13. NEW YORK . If during employment with Company, Employee worked in New York, the following language is added to the end of the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement prevents the disclosure of the facts and circumstances underlying a claim of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation. Similarly, nothing in this Agreement restricts Employee from (i) initiating, testifying, assisting, complying with a subpoena from, or participating in any manner with an investigation conducted by the appropriate local, state, or federal agency (ii) from speaking with law enforcement, the EEOC, the state division of human rights, a local commission on human rights, or an attorney retained Employee or (iii) filing or disclosing any facts necessary to receive unemployment insurance, Medicaid, or other public benefits to which Employee is entitled. 
 
 14. NORTH DAKOTA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in North Dakota, the following language is added to the end of the Release section 
 
 Employee expressly waives any and all rights that Employee may have under any state or local statute, executive order, regulation, common law and or public policy relating to unknown claims, including but not limited to North Dakota Century Code 9-13-02. 
 
 15. OREGON. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in Oregon, the following is added to the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions shall have the purpose or effect of preventing Employee from disclosing factual information or discussing conduct that constitutes unlawful discrimination harassment sexual harassment, abuse, assault, or other criminal conduct or retaliation that occurred between employees, between the Company and an employee in the workplace or at a work-related event that is off the employment premises and coordinated by or through the Company or that occurred between the Company and an employee off the employment premises . 
 
 Additionally, the following language is added to the end of the Confidentiality section 
 
 12 

Employee acknowledges and affirms that confidentiality is Employee s preference. 
 
 Additionally, if there is a No Re-Hire section, the following language is added to the end of that section 
 
 Employee acknowledges that the foregoing no re-hire provision is Employee s preference. 
 
 16. TEXAS . If during employment with the Company, Employee worked in Texas, the following language is added to the end of the Release section 
 
 Employee also releases all claims or rights arising under the laws of the state of Texas and the Texas Labor Code including the Texas Payday Law, the Texas Anti-Retaliation Act, Chapter 21 of the Texas Labor Code, and the Texas Whistleblower Act. 
 
 17. SOUTH DAKOTA. If during employment with Company, Employee worked in South Dakota, the following language is added to the end of the Release section 
 
 Employee expressly waives any and all rights that Employee may have under any state or local statute, executive order, regulation, common law and or public policy relating to unknown claims, including but not limited to South Dakota Codified Laws Section 20-7-11. 
 
 18. UTAH . If during employment with the Company, Employee worked in Utah, the following language is added to the end of the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the release, confidentiality, non-disparagement, no filing of claims and promise not to sue, future cooperation, no re-employment, return of Company property and acknowledgements provisions will have the purpose or effect of preventing Employee from disclosing sexual misconduct or allegations of sexual misconduct. 
 
 19. WASHINGTON . If during employment with the Company, Employee worked in Washington, the following language is added to the end of the Rights and Claims Reserved section 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement prevents Employee from disclosing or discussing conduct, or the existence of a settlement involving conduct, that Employee reasonably believed under Washington state, federal, or common law to be illegal discrimination, illegal harassment, illegal retaliation, a wage and hour violation, or sexual assault, or that is recognized as against a clear mandate of public policy. 
 
 20. WEST VIRGINIA . If during employment with Company, Employee worked in West Virginia, the following language is added to the Agreement in the indicated places 
 
 The West Virginia Human Rights Act is added to the list of statutes released in the Release section. 
 
 This confidentiality obligation does not apply to communications between Employee and (a) the West Virginia Human Rights Commission and (b) similarly situated employees is added to the end of the Confidentiality section. 
 
 13 

A reference to The toll-free number for the West Virginia Bar Association is 1-866-989-8227 is added after the first sentence in Section 6(a) of the Advice of Counsel Consideration and Revocation Periods Other Information section. 
 
 Finally, if Employee is age 40 or over or worked in West Virginia and Employee s termination is part of an employment termination program that affects a group of employees, Employee acknowledges that the Company has attached information which describes (a) the class, unit, or group of individuals covered by the employment termination program the eligibility factors for the program and applicable time limits the method and or factors used or considered in arriving at the amount of consideration being offered and (b) a list of the job titles and ages of all individuals eligible or selected for the employment termination program as well as those persons who were part of the decisional unit but who are not eligible or selected for the program replaces Section 6(g) of the Advice of Counsel, Consideration and Revocation Periods Other Information section. 
 14 

</EX-10.02>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 ua-09302024xex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kevin A. Plank, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Under Armour, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 07, 2024 s KEVIN A. PLANK Kevin A. Plank President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 ua-09302024xex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David E. Bergman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Under Armour, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 07, 2024 s DAVID E. BERGMAN David E. Bergman Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 ua-09302024xex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Under Armour, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 07, 2024 s KEVIN A. PLANK Kevin A. Plank President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Under Armour, Inc. and will be retained by Under Armour, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 ua-09302024xex3202.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Under Armour, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 07, 2024 s DAVID E. BERGMAN David E. Bergman Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Under Armour, Inc. and will be retained by Under Armour, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ua-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ua-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ua-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ua-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ua-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

