<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1329842_0001410578-24-001819.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34016178</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>310454</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2999224</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15269446</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4241973</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9971280</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-001819.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108111202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-001819
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Home Loan Bank of New York
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001329842
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				136400946
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51397
		FILM NUMBER:		241438741

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PARK AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10178
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-681-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PARK AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10178

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-001819.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 fhlbny-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10Q QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Federally chartered corporation (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The number of shares outstanding of issuer s Class B capital stock as of October 31, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Table of Contents Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited): Statements of Condition (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Statements of Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Statements of Capital (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 54 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 105 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 109 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 110 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 110 Item 1A. Risk Factors 110 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 110 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 110 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 110 Item 5. Other Information 110 Item 6. Exhibits 111 Signatures 112 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Condition Unaudited (In Thousands, Except Par Value of Capital Stock) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and due from banks (Note 3) Interest-bearing deposits (Note 4) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (Note 4) Federal funds sold (Note 4) Trading securities (Note 5) (Includes pledged as collateral at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) Equity Investments (Note 6) Available-for-sale securities, amortized cost of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 (Note 7) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 (Note 8) (Includes pledged as collateral at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) Advances (Note 9) (Includes at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 at fair value under the fair value option) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 (Note 10) Accrued interest receivable Premises, software, and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 19) Finance lease right-of-use asset (Note 19) Derivative assets (Note 17) Other assets Total assets Liabilities and capital Liabilities Deposits (Note 11) Interest-bearing demand Non-interest-bearing demand Total deposits Consolidated obligations, net (Note 12) Bonds (Includes at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 at fair value under the fair value option) Discount notes (Includes at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 at fair value under the fair value option) Total consolidated obligations Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (Note 14) Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program (Note 13) Derivative liabilities (Note 17) Other liabilities Operating lease liabilities (Note 19) Finance lease liabilities (Note 19) Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 14, 17 and 19) Capital (Note 14) Capital stock par value), putable, issued and outstanding shares: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 Retained earnings Unrestricted Restricted (Note 14) Total retained earnings Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total capital Total liabilities and capital The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Income Unaudited (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income Advances, net (Note 9) Interest-bearing deposits (Note 4) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (Note 4) Federal funds sold (Note 4) Trading securities (Note 5) Available-for-sale securities (Note 7) Held-to-maturity securities (Note 8) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio (Note 10) Loans to other FHLBanks (Note 20) Total interest income Interest expense Consolidated obligation bonds (Note 12) Consolidated obligation discount notes (Note 12) Deposits (Note 11) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (Note 14) Cash collateral held and other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Provision (Reversal) for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Other income (loss) Service fees and other Instruments held under the fair value option gains (losses) (Note 18) ) ) ) ) Derivative gains (losses) (Note 17) ) Trading securities gains (losses) (Note 5) ) ) Equity investments gains (losses) (Note 6) ) Litigation settlement Gains (losses) from extinguishment of debt Total other income (loss) Other expenses Operating Compensation and benefits Finance Agency and Office of Finance Other expenses Total other expenses Income before assessments Affordable Housing Program Assessments (Note 13) Net income Basic earnings per share (Note 15) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Comprehensive Income Unaudited (In Thousands) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive income (loss) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Net change in non-credit accretion portion of held-to-maturity securities Accretion of non-credit portion Total net change in non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairment losses on held-to-maturity securities Net change due to hedging activities Cash flow hedges (a) ) ) Fair value hedges (b) ) ) Total net change due to hedging activities ) ) Net change in pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 

 (a) (b) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Capital Unaudited (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Accumulated Capital Stock (a) Other Class B Retained Earnings Comprehensive Total Shares Par Value Unrestricted Restricted Total Income (Loss) Capital Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

Accumulated Capital Stock (a) Other Class B Retained Earnings Comprehensive Total Shares Par Value Unrestricted Restricted Total Income (Loss) Capital Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

 (a) . The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Cash Flows Unaudited (In Thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization: Net premiums and discounts on consolidated obligations, investments, mortgage loans and other adjustments Concessions on consolidated obligations Premises, software, and equipment Provision (Reversal) for credit losses ) Change in net fair value adjustments on derivatives and hedging activities (a) ) Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on trading securities ) Change in fair value on Equity Investments ) ) Change in fair value adjustments on financial instruments held at fair value Losses (gains) from extinguishment of debt ) Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Derivative assets due to accrued interest ) ) Derivative liabilities due to accrued interest Other assets ) Affordable Housing Program liability Accrued interest payable ) Other liabilities ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Net change in: Interest-bearing deposits ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold ) Deposits with other FHLBanks ) ) Premises, software, and equipment ) ) Trading securities: Purchased ) ) Repayments Proceeds from sales Equity Investments: Purchased ) ) Proceeds from sales Available-for-sale securities: Purchased ) ) Repayments Held-to-maturity securities: Purchased ) ) Repayments Advances: Principal collected Made ) ) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio: Principal collected Purchased ) ) Proceeds from sales of REO Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Cash Flows Unaudited (In Thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Financing activities Net change in: Deposits and other borrowings ) Derivative contracts with financing element ) Payments on principal portion of finance lease obligation ) Consolidated obligation bonds: Proceeds from issuance Payments for maturing and early retirement ) ) Payments on bonds transferred to other FHLBanks (b) ) Consolidated obligation discount notes: Proceeds from issuance Payments for maturing ) ) Proceeds on Discount Notes assumed from other FHLBanks (b) Capital stock: Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Payments for repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) Redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) Cash dividends paid (c) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of the period (d) Cash and due from banks at end of the period (d) Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Interest paid for Discount Notes (e) Affordable Housing Program payments (f) Transfers of mortgage loans to real estate owned Capital stock subject to mandatory redemption reclassified from equity Interest paid for financing lease Notes to Supplemental Disclosure: (a) million in cash flows; in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, derivatives and hedging activities provided million in cash flows. (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 of district Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). The FHLBanks are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), organized under the authority of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act). Each FHLBank is a cooperative owned by member institutions located within a defined geographic district. The FHLBNY s defined geographic district is New Jersey, New York, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Tax Status. The FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, are exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation except for real property taxes. Assessments. Affordable Housing Program (AHP) Assessments Each FHLBank, including the FHLBNY, provides subsidies in the form of direct grants and below-market interest rate advances to members, who use the funds to assist in the purchase, construction or rehabilitation of housing for very low-, low- and moderate-income households. Annually, the FHLBanks must allocate the greater of million or of their regulatory defined net income for the Affordable Housing Program. Additionally, the FHLBanks are permitted to make an additional contribution into the AHP to supplement their regulatory requirement as noted previously. 

 9 

Table of Contents 

10 

Table of Contents 
 restrictions on the withdrawal of funds in this arrangement. The compensating balances were million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There were restricted cash balances at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Pass-through Deposit Reserves The FHLBNY acts as a pass-through correspondent for member institutions who are required by banking regulations to deposit reserves with the Federal Reserve Banks. There were pass-through reserves deposited with Federal Reserve Banks on behalf of the members by the FHLBNY at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023 and were uncollateralized. Deposits are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. Based on the analysis performed, allowance for credit losses was recorded at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Accrued interest receivables were million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, and allowance for credit losses was recorded as interest due was collected. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023 and were repaid according to their contractual terms. Investments are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. Generally, Federal funds are short-term and typically overnight. Counterparties are highly-rated. Based on analysis performed, allowance for credit losses was recorded for Federal funds sold at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Accrued interest receivables were million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, and allowance for credit losses was recorded as interest due was collected. Securities purchased under agreements to resell The outstanding balances of Securities purchased under agreements to resell were recorded on an amortized cost basis of billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023. The investments typically matured overnight and were executed through a tri-party arrangement that involved transfer of overnight funds to a segregated safekeeping account at the Bank of New York (BONY). BONY (which became a member of the FHLBNY during the second quarter 2024), acting as an independent agent on behalf of the FHLBNY and the counterparty to the transactions, assumes the responsibility of receiving eligible securities as collateral and releasing funds to the counterparty. The amount of cash loaned against the collateral is a function of the liquidity and quality of the collateral. The collateral is typically in the form of securities that meet the FHLBNY s credit quality standards, are highly-rated and readily marketable. The FHLBNY has the ability to call for additional collateral if the value of the securities falls below a pre-defined haircut. The FHLBNY can terminate the transaction and liquidate the collateral if the counterparty fails to post the additional margin. Agreements generally allow the FHLBNY to repledge securities under certain conditions. adjustments for instrument-specific credit risk were deemed necessary as market values of collateral were in excess of principal amounts loaned. Accrued interest receivables were million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, and allowance for credit losses was recorded as interest due was collected. U.S. Treasury securities at market values of billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023 were received at BONY to collateralize the overnight investments. Interest income from securities purchased under agreements to resell was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to million and million for the same period in the prior year. Transactions recorded as Securities purchased under agreements to resell were accounted as collateralized financing transactions. U.S. Treasury bills Total trading securities The carrying values of trading securities included net unrealized fair value losses of million at September 30, 2024 and losses of million at December 31, 2023. We have classified investments acquired for purposes of meeting short-term contingency and other liquidity needs as trading securities. In accordance with Finance Agency guidance, we do not participate in speculative trading practices. Trading Securities Pledged The FHLBNY had pledged marketable securities at fair values of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023 to derivative clearing organizations to fulfill the FHLBNY s initial margin requirements as mandated under margin rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The clearing organizations have rights to sell or repledge the collateral securities under certain conditions. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. Treasury bills Total trading securities Yield on trading securities 

December 31, 2023 Due in one year or Due after one year Due after five years less through five years through ten years Total Fair Value U.S. Treasury notes Total trading securities Yield on trading securities Equity funds ) Fixed income funds ) Total Equity Investments (a) ) 

December 31, 2023 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains (b) Losses (b) Value (c) Cash equivalents Equity funds ) Fixed income funds ) Total Equity Investments (a) ) 

 (a) The intent of the grantor trusts are to set aside cash to meet current and future payments for a supplemental unfunded pension plan. Neither the pension plans nor the employees of the FHLBNY own the trusts. (b) Changes in unrealized gains and losses are recorded through earnings, specifically in Other income in the Statements of Income. (c) The grantor trusts invest in money market, equity and fixed income and bond funds. Daily net asset values (NAVs) are readily available and investments are redeemable at short notice. NAVs are the fair values of the funds in the grantor trusts. The grantor trusts are owned by the FHLBNY. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 ) Net gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity investments sold during the period ) ) Net dividend and other Net gains (losses) recognized during the period ) ) Mortgage-backed securities Floating CMO ) Pass Thru Total Floating ) Fixed CMBS ) Total Fixed ) MBS AFS Before Hedging Adjustments (a) ) (a) Hedging Basis Adjustments (b) ) Total Available-for-sale securities (MBS) ) Total Available-for-sale securities ) 

December 31, 2023 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains Losses Value GSE and U.S. Obligations State and local housing finance agency obligations ) Mortgage-backed securities Floating CMO ) Pass Thru Total Floating ) Fixed CMBS ) Total Fixed ) MBS AFS Before Hedging Adjustments (a) ) (a) Hedging Basis Adjustments (b) ) Total Available-for-sale securities (MBS) ) Total Available-for-sale securities ) 

 (a) Amounts represent specialized third-party pricing vendors estimates of gains/losses of AFS securities; market pricing is based on historical amortized cost adjusted for pay downs and amortization of premiums and discounts; fair value unrealized gains and losses are before adjusting book values for hedge basis adjustments and will equal market values of AFS securities recorded in AOCI. Fair value hedges were executed to mitigate the interest rate risk of the hedged fixed-rate securities due to changes in the designated benchmark rate . 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 million of hedge basis losses includes immaterial balances of unamortized basis as a result of a hedge de-designation; at December 31, 2023, hedge basis losses of million were recorded. In the table above, the benchmark hedging basis adjustments were reported separately from the market-based prices of ASC 815 qualifying hedges to provide greater clarity to market-based pricing of the securities. Credit Loss Analysis of AFS Securities The FHLBNY s portfolio of MBS classified as AFS is comprised primarily of GSE-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and CMBS. A portfolio of State and local housing finance agency obligations is also classified as AFS. The FHLBNY evaluates its GSE-issued securities by considering the creditworthiness and performance of the debt securities and the strength of the government-sponsored enterprises guarantees of the securities. Based on credit and performance analysis, GSE-issued securities are performing in accordance with their contractual agreements. The FHLBNY believes that it will recover its investments in GSE-issued securities given the current levels of collateral, credit enhancements and guarantees that exist to protect the investments. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unrealized fair value losses have been aggregated in the table below by the length of time a security was in a continuous unrealized loss position based on market-based pricing and excluding the effects of hedge basis adjustments. The Bank evaluates its individual AFS securities for impairment by comparing the security s fair value to its amortized cost. Impairment may exist when the fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost (i.e. in an unrealized loss position). We have not experienced any payment defaults on the instruments. As noted previously, substantially all of these securities are GSE-issued and carry an implicit or explicit U.S. government guarantee. Based on the analysis, allowance for credit losses was recorded on these AFS securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. ) ) MBS-GSE ) ) ) Total MBS Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) ) Total Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Fair Value Losses Fair Value Losses Fair Value Losses MBS Investment Securities and State and local housing finance agency obligations MBS-Other US Obligations ) ) ) MBS-GSE ) ) ) Total MBS Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) ) Total Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Due after ten years State and local housing finance agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five year through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale securities 

 (a) The carrying value of AFS securities equals fair value. (b) Amortized cost is UPB after adjusting for net unamortized discounts of million at September 30, 2024 and net unamortized discounts of million at December 31, 2023. Additionally, historical amortized cost in the table above is after adjustment for hedging basis. Interest Rate Payment Terms Pass Thru Total Floating Fixed CMBS Total Fixed Total Mortgage-backed securities State and local housing finance agency obligations Floating Total Available-for-Sale securities 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Collateralized Mortgage Obligations/Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (b) ) Non-GSE MBS (c) ) ) ) Total MBS ) ) ) Other State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) Total Held-to-Maturity securities ) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Allowance OTTI Gross Gross Amortized for Credit Recognized Carrying Unrecognized Unrecognized Fair Issued, guaranteed or insured: Cost (d) Loss (ACL) in AOCI Value Holding Gains (a) Holding Losses (a) Value Pools of Mortgages Collateralized Mortgage Obligations/Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (b) ) Non-GSE MBS (c) ) ) ) Total MBS ) ) ) Other State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) Total Held-to-Maturity securities ) ) ) 

 (a) Unrecognized gross holding gains and losses represent the difference between fair value and carrying value. (b) Commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) are Agency issued securities, collateralized by income-producing multi-family properties . Eligible property types include standard conventional multi-family apartments, affordable multi-family housing, seniors housing, student housing, military housing, and rural rent housing. (c) The amounts represent non-agency private-label mortgage- and asset-backed securities. (d) Amortized cost For securities that were deemed impaired, amortized cost represents unamortized cost less credit losses, net of credit recoveries (reversals) due to improvements in cash flows. Securities Pledged The FHLBNY had pledged MBS, with an amortized cost basis of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, to the FDIC in connection with deposits maintained by the FDIC at the FHLBNY. The FDIC does not have rights to sell or repledge the collateral unless the FHLBNY defaults under the terms of its deposit arrangements with the FDIC. Credit Loss Allowances on Held-to-Maturity Securities GSE-issued securities The FHLBNY evaluates its individual securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and U.S. government agency, (collectively GSE-issued securities), by considering the creditworthiness and performance of the debt securities and the strength of the GSEs guarantees of the securities. Based on the analysis, GSE-issued securities are performing in accordance with their contractual agreements, and we will recover our investments in GSE-issued securities given the current levels of collateral, credit enhancements and guarantees that exist to protect the investments. The number of investment positions that were in an unrealized loss position was and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Investments are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. A credit loss would also be recognized if there is a collateral shortfall if the FHLBNY believes the counterparty will not replenish in accordance with its contractual terms. The credit loss would be limited to the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the investment s amortized cost. Our analysis identified no collateral shortfall. There were investment positions that were in an unrealized loss position in the HTM portfolio at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Probability default analysis recorded allowance for credit losses of million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. allowance for credit losses was recorded for accrued interest receivable as interest due is expected to be collected. Our investments are performing to their contractual terms, and management has concluded that the gross unrealized losses on its housing finance agency bonds are temporary because the underlying collateral and credit enhancements are sufficient to protect the FHLBNY from losses based on current expectations. The credit enhancements may include additional support from monoline insurance companies, reserve and investment funds allocated to the securities that may be used to make principal and interest payments in the event that the underlying loans pledged for these securities are not sufficient to make the necessary payments and the general obligation of the State issuing the bond. Private-label mortgage-backed securities Management evaluates its investments in private-label MBS (PLMBS) for credit losses on a quarterly basis by performing cash flow tests on its entire portfolio of PLMBS. Allowance for credit loss of million were recorded at September 30, 2024 and million were recorded at December 31, 2023. Certain securities are insured by monoline insurers, and our credit specialists have analyzed associated guarantees with appropriate haircuts. The Bank s conclusions are also based upon multiple factors, but not limited to the expected performance of the underlying collateral, and the evaluation of the fundamentals of the issuers financial condition. Management has not made a decision to sell such securities at September 30, 2024 and has concluded that it will not be required to sell such securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis of the securities. The number of investment positions that were in an unrealized loss position was at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Redemption Terms Due after ten years State and local housing finance agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total Held-to-Maturity Securities 

 (a) Amortized cost is UPB after adjusting for net unamortized discounts of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023 and before adjustments for allowance for credit losses . 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Due in one year or less Due after one year through two years Due after two years through three years Due after three years through four years Due after four years through five years Thereafter Total par value Advance discounts ) ) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (b) ) ) Total 

 (a) The weighted average yield is the weighted average coupon rates for advances, unadjusted for swaps. For floating-rate advances, the weighted average rate is the rate outstanding at the reporting dates. (b) Hedge valuation basis adjustments under ASC 815 hedges represent changes in the fair values of fixed-rate advances due to changes in designated benchmark interest rates, the remaining terms to maturity or to next call and the notional amounts of advances in a hedging relationship. The FHLBNY s primary benchmark rates are Federal Funds-OIS index and SOFR-OIS index. 
 Monitoring and Evaluating Credit Losses on Advances The Bank manages its credit exposure to advances through an integrated approach that includes establishing a credit limit for each borrower. This approach includes an ongoing review of each borrower s financial condition, in conjunction with the Bank s collateral and lending policies to limit risk of loss, while balancing borrowers needs for a reliable source of funding. In addition, the Bank lends to eligible borrowers in accordance with federal law and FHFA regulations. Specifically, the Bank is required to obtain sufficient collateral to fully secure credit products up to the counterparty s total credit limit. Collateral eligible to secure new or renewed advances includes: one-to-four family and multi-family mortgage loans (delinquent for no more than 90 days) and securities representing such mortgages; securities issued, insured, or guaranteed by the U.S. government or any U.S. government agency (for example, mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, and FHLBanks Consolidated Obligations); cash or deposits in the Bank; certain other collateral that is real estate-related, provided that the collateral has a readily ascertainable value, can be liquidated in due course, and that the Bank can perfect a security interest in it; and qualifying securities. Residential mortgage loans are the principal form of collateral for advances. The estimated value of the collateral required to secure each member s credit products is calculated by applying collateral discounts, or haircuts, to the market value or unpaid principal balance of the collateral, as applicable. In addition, community financial institutions are eligible to use expanded statutory collateral provisions for small business, agriculture loans, and community development loans. The Bank s capital stock owned by each borrower is also pledged as collateral. Collateral arrangements may vary depending upon borrower credit quality, financial condition, and performance; borrowing capacity; and overall credit exposure to the borrower. The Bank can also require additional or substitute collateral to protect its security interest. The Bank also has policies and procedures for validating the reasonableness of our collateral valuations. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 of the FHLBNY s advances were past due, on non-accrual status, or considered impaired as of September 30, 2024. In addition, there were troubled debt restructurings related to advances at the FHLBNY at any time in this report. As of September 30, 2024, the FHLBNY had collateral on a borrower-by-borrower basis with a value equal to, or greater than, its outstanding advances. Based on the collateral held as security, the FHLBNY s management s credit extension and collateral policies, and repayment history on advances, the FHLBNY did not expect any losses on its advances at any point in 2024 and through the filing date on this report; therefore, allowance for credit losses on advances was recorded. For the same reasons, the FHLBNY did not record any allowance for credit losses on interest receivable on advances as of September 30, 2024. Concentration of Advances Outstanding. Advances to the FHLBNY s top borrowing member institutions are reported in Note 21, Segment Information and Concentration. The FHLBNY held sufficient collateral to cover the advances to all institutions and it does not expect to incur any credit losses. Advances borrowed by insurance companies accounted for and of total advances at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Lending to insurance companies poses a number of unique risks not present in lending to federally insured depository institutions. For example, there is no single federal regulator for insurance companies. They are supervised by state regulators and subject to state insurance codes and regulations. There is uncertainty about whether a state insurance commissioner would try to void the FHLBNY s claims on collateral in the event of an insurance company failure. As with all members, insurance companies are also required to purchase the FHLBNY s capital stock as a prerequisite to membership and borrowing activity. The FHLBNY s management takes a number of steps to mitigate the unique risk of lending to insurance companies. At the time of membership, the FHLBNY requires an insurance company to be highly-rated and to meet the FHLBNY s credit quality standards. The FHLBNY performs quarterly credit analysis of the insurance borrower. Insurance companies are required to successfully complete an onsite review prior to pledging collateral. Additionally, in order to ensure its position as a first priority secured creditor, FHLBNY typically requires insurance companies to place physical possession of all pledged eligible collateral with FHLBNY or deposit it with a third-party custodian or control agent. Such collateral must meet the FHLBNY s credit quality standards, with appropriate minimum margins applied. Security Terms . The FHLBNY lends to financial institutions involved in housing finance within its district. Borrowing members are required to purchase capital stock of the FHLBNY and pledge collateral for advances. During all periods in this report and as of September 30, 2024, the FHLBNY had rights to collateral with an estimated value greater than outstanding advances. Based upon the financial condition of the member, the FHLBNY: (1) Allows a member to retain possession of the mortgage collateral pledged to the FHLBNY if the member executes a written security agreement, provides periodic listings and agrees to hold such collateral for the benefit of the FHLBNY; however, securities and cash collateral are always in physical possession or in custodian control; or (2) Requires the member specifically to assign or place physical possession of such mortgage collateral with the FHLBNY or its custodial agent. Beyond these provisions, Section 10(e) of the FHLBank Act affords any security interest granted by a member to the FHLBNY s priority over the claims or rights of any other party. The exceptions are claims that would be entitled to priority under otherwise applicable law or perfected security interests. All member obligations with the FHLBNY were fully collateralized throughout their entire term. The total of collateral pledged to the FHLBNY includes excess collateral pledged above the minimum collateral requirements. However, a Maximum Lendable Value is established to ensure that the FHLBNY has sufficient eligible collateral securing credit extensions. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 mortgage loans under the MAP program were at a carrying value of billion compared to billion at December 31, 2023. The FHLBNY classifies mortgage loans as held for investment, and accordingly reports them at their principal amount outstanding net of unamortized premiums, discounts, and unrealized gains and losses from loans initially classified as mortgage loan commitments. Fixed long-term single-family mortgages Total unpaid principal balance Unamortized premiums Unamortized discounts ) ) Basis adjustment (b) ) ) Total mortgage loans amortized cost Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total mortgage loans held-for-portfolio at carrying value 

 (a) Conventional mortgage loans represent the majority of mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, with the remainder invested in FHA and VA insured loans (also referred to as government loans). (b) Balances represent unamortized fair value basis of closed delivery commitments. A basis adjustment is recorded at the settlement of the loan and it represents the difference in trade price paid for acquiring the loan and the price at the settlement date for a similar loan. The basis adjustment is amortized as a yield adjustment to Interest income. The FHLBNY and its members share the credit risk of MPF loans by structuring potential credit losses into layers. The first layer is typically bps, but this varies with the particular MPF product. The amount of the first layer, or First Loss Account (FLA), was estimated at million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. The FLA is not recorded or reported as a reserve for loan losses, as it serves as a memorandum or information account. The FHLBNY is responsible for absorbing the first layer. The second layer is that amount of credit obligations that the PFI has agreed to assume at the Master Commitment level. The FHLBNY pays a credit enhancement fee to the PFI for taking on this obligation. The FHLBNY assumes all residual risk. Credit enhancement fees accrued were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These fees were reported as a reduction to mortgage loan interest income. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 at origination. (3) Losses that exceed the liquidation value of the real property and any PMI will be absorbed by the FHLBNY, limited to the amount of the FLA available under the Master Commitment. For certain MPF products, the FHLBNY could recover previously absorbed losses by withholding future credit enhancement fees (CE Fees) otherwise payable to the PFI, and applying the amounts to recover losses previously absorbed. In effect, the FHLBNY may recover losses allocated to the FLA from CE Fees. The amount of CE Fees depends on the MPF product and the outstanding balances of loans funded in the Master Commitment. CE Fees payable (potentially available for loss recovery) will decline as the outstanding loan balances in the Master Commitment declines. (4) The second layer or portion of credit losses is incurred by the PFI and/or the Supplemental Mortgage Insurance (SMI) provider as follows: The PFI absorbs losses in excess of any FLA up to the amount of the PFI s credit obligation amount and/or to the SMI provider for MPF 125 Plus products if the PFI has selected SMI coverage. (5) The third layer of losses is absorbed by the FHLBNY. The MAP program operates on the simplified credit risk sharing structure. MAP credit risk sharing structure rewards PFIs for originating high-quality, well-performing loans. At the time of purchase, FHLBNY will set aside a standard credit enhancement of for every loan funded, to be retained in a Member Performance Account (MPA) for each PFI. The MPA credit enhancement may be slightly greater than for certain loans based on credit characteristics. Loans are pooled into single or aggregate (multi-member) Master Commitments. Loan losses over the life of the pool are absorbed in order by borrower s equity, mortgage insurance (if applicable), MPA, and finally by FHLBNY. If pooled losses are low, MPA funds are returned to the seller over time, based on a contractual release schedule. This liability account was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Allowance Methodology for Mortgage Loan Losses Our allowance for credit losses of million at September 30, 2024 took into consideration several factors. First, the Bank s mortgage loan portfolio has a history of incurred losses that have not been significant. Second, loss sharing and insurance would largely offset actual losses. Evaluation of Credit Losses under CECL Mortgage loans are evaluated for credit losses using the practical expedient for collateral dependent assets. We consider a conventional mortgage loan as a collateral dependent loan because we expect repayment to be provided by the sale of the underlying property, that is, if it is considered likely that the borrower will default. We may estimate the applicable fair value of this collateral by applying an appropriate loss severity rate or using third party estimates or property valuation model. The expected credit loss of a collateral dependent mortgage loan is equal to the difference between the amortized cost of the loan and the estimated fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs. We will either reserve for these estimated losses or record a direct charge-off of the loan balance, if certain triggering criteria are exceeded. Expected recoveries of prior charge-offs would be included in the allowance for credit loss. The Bank s credit risk model model estimates the probabilities of prepayment and default concurrently. Prepayment represents the probability that an individual loan will voluntarily prepay while a default represents the probability that an individual loan will involuntarily pay off. The Bank s third-party credit loss model applies a hazard rate approach to model loan prepayment and default at each month. In the Hazard Rate approach, a loan may stay as active (survived) or is terminated (due to default or prepayment) at the end of each period (month). The two statuses will compete over each period to calculate the probability of default of each individual mortgage loan. The model is composed of a series of loan-level econometric models that are related through common dependence on macroeconomic as well as loan-specific factors (i.e., collateral types, borrower characteristics). The macro factors used in the loan-level models are inputs at the national-level, state-level and MSA-level using econometric models developed for these factors. The model loan characteristics along with economic assumptions including applicable housing prices and interest rates as inputs to generate projected cash flows over the life of the mortgage. It then estimates the loss given default (LGD) for each loan and aggregates projected cash flows for each loan in the portfolio. A loan in foreclosure or real estate owned (REO) sale is considered to be in default. Accrued interest receivable was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Delinquency and non-accruals are factors that are applied in estimating expected credit losses. Refer to discussions on non-accrual and delinquent loans. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 MAP loans in serious delinquent status (90 days or more) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Roll forward Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses Adjustment for cumulative effect of accounting change Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (Reversal) for credit losses on mortgage loans ) ) Balance, at end of period Mortgage loans held for portfolio (b) Non-accrual loans (b) Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans held for portfolio Net charge-offs Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period Ratio of allowance for credit losses to mortgage loans held for portfolio Ratio of non-accrual loans to mortgage loans held for portfolio Ratio of allowance for credit losses to non-accrual loans 

 (a) Represents the average unpaid principal balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. (b) Balances represent unpaid principal balance. Non-performing mortgage loans - Conventional (a)(b) Insured mortgage loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest (a)(b) 

 (a) Includes loans classified as special mention, sub-standard, doubtful or loss under regulatory criteria, net of amounts charged-off if delinquent for or more. There were impaired MAP loans. (b) Data in this table represents unpaid principal balance and would not agree to data reported in other tables at amortized cost . 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Under the framework, the FHLBNY evaluates all loans, including non-performing conventional loans, on an individual basis for lifetime credit losses. FHA and VA loans are considered as insured MPF or MAP loans, and while the loans are evaluated on an individual basis, we have deemed that FHA and VA loans as collectively insured. Additionally, based on the Bank s assessment of its servicers and the collateral backing the insured loans, the risk of loss was deemed immaterial. The Bank has not recorded an allowance for credit losses for government-guaranteed or -insured mortgage loans in any periods in 2024 or 2023. Furthermore, none of these mortgage loans has been placed on non-accrual status because of the U.S. government guarantee or insurance on these loans and the contractual obligation of the loan servicer to repurchase the loans when certain criteria are met. With a related allowance ) Total measured for impairment (e) ) 

December 31, 2023 Unpaid Average Principal Related Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Balance Allowance After Allowance After Allowance (d) Conventional Loans (a)(c) No related allowance (b) With a related allowance ) Total measured for impairment (e) ) 

 (a) Based on analysis of the nature of risks of the FHLBNY s investments in mortgage loans, including its methodologies for identifying and measuring impairment, management has determined that presenting such loans as a single class is appropriate. (b) Collateral values, net of estimated costs to sell, exceeded the amortized cost in impaired loans and allowances were deemed necessary. (c) Interest received is not recorded as Interest income if an uninsured loan is past due or more. Cash received is recorded as a liability on the assumption that cash was remitted by the servicer to the FHLBNY that could potentially be recouped by the borrower in a foreclosure. (d) Represents the average amortized cost after allowance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. (e) There were impaired MAP loans. Government-guaranteed or - insured mortgage loans Total mortgage loans - unpaid principal balance Payment Status of Mortgage Loans Payment status is the key credit quality indicator for conventional mortgage loans and allows the Bank to monitor the migration of past due loans. Past due loans are those where the borrower has failed to make timely payments of principal and/or interest in accordance with the terms of the loan. Other delinquency statistics include non-accrual loans and loans in process of foreclosure. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Past due 60 - 89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans 

December 31, 2023 Conventional Loans Origination Year Prior to 2019 2019 to 2023 Total Payment Status, at Amortized Cost: Conventional loans Past due 30 - 59 days Past due 60 - 89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans Other Delinquency Statistics (dollars in thousands): 

September 30, 2024 Conventional Government-Guaranteed Total Loans or -Insured Loans Mortgage Loans Amortized Cost (a) : In process of foreclosure (b) Serious delinquency rate (c) Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest Loans on non-accrual status 

December 31, 2023 Conventional Government-Guaranteed Total Loans or -Insured Loans Mortgage Loans Amortized Cost (a) : In process of foreclosure (b) Serious delinquency rate (c) Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest Loans on non-accrual status 

 (a) There were MAP loans in delinquency status. (b) Includes loans where the decision of foreclosure or a similar alternative, such as pursuit of deed-in-lieu, has been reported. (c) Represents seriously delinquent loans as a percentage of total mortgage loans. Seriously delinquent loans are comprised of all loans past due or more delinquent or loans that are in the process of foreclosure. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of billion, or , from December 31, 2023. All FHLBNY deposits are uninsured and the balance of deposits vary depending on market factors, such as the attractiveness of the FHLBNY s deposit pricing relative to the rates available on alternative money market instruments, FHLBNY members investment preferences with respect to the maturity of their investments, and FHLBNY members liquidity. Interest-bearing demand and overnight deposits represented and of deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with the remaining deposits primarily being term deposits and non-interest-bearing deposits. Interest-bearing demand and overnight deposits pay interest based on a daily interest rate. The year-to-date average balances of demand and overnight deposits were billion for period ended September 30, 2024 and billion for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. The annualized weighted-average interest rates paid on demand and overnight deposits were for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023. Non-interest-bearing demand Total deposits (a) 

 (a) Specific disclosures about deposits that exceed FDIC limits have been omitted as deposits are not insured by the FDIC. Deposits are received in the ordinary course of the FHLBNY s business. The FHLBNY has pledged securities to the FDIC to collateralize deposits maintained at the FHLBNY by the FDIC; for more information, see Securities Pledged in Note 8. Held-to-Maturity Securities. 
 Interest rate payment terms for deposits are summarized below (dollars in thousands): 

Average Average Deposits September 30, 2024 Interest Rate (b) December 31, 2023 Interest Rate (b) Interest-bearing demand (a) Non-interest-bearing demand Total deposits 

 (a) Primarily adjustable rate. (b) The weighted average interest rate is calculated based on the average balance . 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Hedge valuation basis adjustments ) ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges FVO - valuation adjustments and accrued interest ) ) Total Consolidated obligation bonds Discount notes-amortized cost Hedge value basis adjustments ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges ) ) FVO - valuation adjustments and remaining accretion Total Consolidated obligation discount notes Redemption Terms of Consolidated Obligation Bonds Over one year through two years Over two years through three years Over three years through four years Over four years through five years Thereafter Total par value Bond premiums (b) Bond discounts (b) ) ) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (c) ) ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (d) FVO (e) - valuation adjustments and accrued interest ) ) Total Consolidated obligation bonds 

 (a) Weighted average rate represents the weighted average contractual coupons of bonds, unadjusted for swaps. (b) Amortization of CO bond premiums and discounts are recorded in interest expense as yield adjustments. (c) Hedge valuation basis adjustments under ASC 815 fair value hedges represent changes in the fair values of fixed-rate CO bonds due to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, remaining terms to maturity or next call, and the notional amounts of CO bonds designated in hedge relationship. Our primary interest rate benchmarks are Federal Funds-OIS index and SOFR-OIS index. (d) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges represent the unamortized balances of valuation basis of fixed-rate CO bonds that were previously in a fair value hedging relationship. Generally, when a hedging relationship is de-designated, the valuation basis is no longer adjusted for changes in the valuation of the debt for changes in the benchmark rate; instead, the basis is amortized over the debt s remaining life, so that the unamortized basis is reversed to at maturity of the debt. (e) Valuation adjustments on FVO designated bonds represent changes in the entire fair values of CO bonds elected under the FVO plus accrued unpaid interest. Changes in the timing of coupon payments impact outstanding accrued interest. Changes in benchmark interest rates, notional amounts of CO bonds elected under FVO and remaining terms to maturity or next call will impact hedge valuation adjustments. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Payment Terms Fixed-rate, callable Step Up, callable Step Down, callable Floating rate, callable Single-index floating rate Total par value Discount Notes Consolidated obligation discount notes are issued to raise short-term funds. Discount notes are Consolidated obligations with original maturities of up to . These notes are issued at less than their face amount and redeemed at par when they mature. The FHLBNY s outstanding Consolidated obligation discount notes were as follows (dollars in thousands): Amortized cost Hedge value basis adjustments (a) ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (b) ) ) FVO (c) - valuation adjustments and remaining accretion Total Consolidated obligation discount notes Weighted average interest rate 

 (a) Hedging valuation basis adjustments The reported carrying values of hedged CO discount notes are adjusted for changes in their fair values (fair value basis adjustments or fair value) that are attributable to changes in the benchmark risk being hedged. Changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, notional amounts of CO discount notes in hedging relationships and remaining terms to maturity are factors that impact hedge valuation adjustments. (b) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges Represents the unamortized balances of valuation basis of CO discount notes that were previously in a fair value hedging relationship. Generally, when a hedging relationship is de-designated, the valuation basis is no longer adjusted for changes in the valuation of the debt for changes in the benchmark rate; instead, the basis is amortized over the debt s remaining life, so that the unamortized basis is reversed to at maturity of the debt. (c) FVO valuation adjustments Valuation basis adjustments are recorded to recognize changes in the entire or full fair values including unaccreted discounts on CO discount notes elected under the FVO. Changes in benchmark interest rates, notional amounts of CO discount notes elected under FVO and remaining terms to maturity are factors that impact hedge valuation adjustments. CO discount notes were elected under the FVO at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 202 3. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Additions from current period s assessments Net disbursements for grants and programs ) ) ) ) Ending balance per share. It is not publicly traded. An option to redeem capital stock that is greater than a member s minimum requirement is held by both the member and the FHLBNY. The FHLBNY s Capital Plan offers sub-classes of Class B capital stock, membership and activity-based capital stock, and members can redeem Class B stock by giving notice. The FHLBNY s Class B capital stock issued and outstanding were billion at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Shares of both Membership and Activity-based Class B capital stock have the same voting rights and receive the same dividend (See Statements of Capital): Membership capital stock is issued to meet membership stock purchase requirements. The FHLBNY requires member institutions to maintain membership stock based on a percentage of the member s mortgage-related assets (such percentage is currently set at . In addition, notwithstanding this requirement, the FHLBNY has a million cap on membership stock per member. Activity-based capital stock is issued based on a percentage of outstanding balances of advances, MPF and MAP loans and financial letters of credit. The FHLBNY s current capital plan requires a stock purchase equal to (i) of the member s borrowed amount for advances and mortgage loans sold, and (ii) of the outstanding balance of letters of credit issued on behalf of the member. In the normal course of business, excess activity-based capital stock is repurchased daily. The FHLBNY is subject to risk-based capital rules of the Finance Agency, the regulator of the FHLBanks. Specifically, the FHLBNY is subject to capital requirements under its capital plan. First, the FHLBNY must maintain at all times permanent capital in an amount at least equal to the sum of its credit risk, market risk, and operations risk capital requirements as calculated in accordance with the FHLBNY policy, and rules and regulations of the Finance Agency. Only permanent capital, defined as Class B stock and retained earnings, satisfies this risk-based capital requirement. The FHLBNY s capital plan does not provide for the issuance of Class A capital stock. The Finance Agency may require the FHLBNY to maintain an amount of permanent capital greater than what is required by the risk-based capital requirements. Second, the FHLBNY is required to maintain at least a total capital-to-asset ratio. Third, the FHLBNY must maintain at least a leverage ratio at all times. The FHFA s regulatory leverage ratio is defined as the sum of permanent capital weighted times and non-permanent capital weighted times divided by total assets. The FHLBNY was in compliance with the aforementioned capital rules and requirements for all periods presented, and met the adequately capitalized classification, which is the highest rating, under the capital rule. The Director of the Finance Agency has discretion to add to or modify the corrective action requirements for each capital classification other than adequately capitalized if the Director of the Finance Agency determines that such action is necessary to ensure the safe and sound operation of the FHLBank and the FHLBank s compliance with its risk-based and minimum capital requirements. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Total capital-to-asset ratio Total capital (b) Leverage ratio Leverage capital (c) 

 (a) Actual Risk-based capital is capital stock and retained earnings plus mandatorily redeemable capital stock. Section 1277.3 of the Finance Agency s regulations also refers to this amount as Permanent Capital. (b) Required Total capital is of total assets. (c) The required leverage ratio of total capital to total assets should be at least . For the purposes of determining the leverage ratio, total capital shall be computed by multiplying the Bank s Permanent Capital by . (d) Required minimum. (e) Under regulatory guidelines issued by the Finance Agency in August 2011 that was consistent with guidance provided by other federal banking agencies with respect to capital rules, risk weights are maintained at AAA for U.S. Treasury securities and other securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, government agencies, and government-sponsored entities for purposes of calculating risk-based capital. Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock Generally, the FHLBNY s capital stock is redeemable at the option of either the member or the FHLBNY subject to certain conditions, including the provisions under the accounting guidance for certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the FHLBNY generally reclassifies the stock subject to redemption from equity to a liability once a member irrevocably exercises a written redemption right, gives notice of intent to withdraw from membership, or attains non-member status by merger or acquisition, charter termination, or involuntary termination from membership. Under such circumstances, the member shares will then meet the definition of a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument. Redemption from one year to less than three years Redemption from three years to less than five years Redemption from five years or greater Total Capital stock subject to mandatory redemption reclassified from equity Redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock (a) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Accrued interest payable (b) 

 (a) Redemption includes repayment of excess stock. (b) The annualized accrual rate was for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the same period in 2023. Accrual rates are based on estimated dividend rates. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 of its Net income each quarter to a restricted retained earnings account until the balance of that account equals at least percent of that FHLBank s average balance of outstanding Consolidated obligations as calculated as of the last day of the current calendar quarter. The Capital Agreement is intended to enhance the capital position of each FHLBank. These restricted retained earnings will not be available to pay dividends. Retained earnings included billion and billion as restricted retained earnings in the FHLBNY s Total Capital at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. dilutive potential common shares or other common stock equivalents (dollars in thousands except per share amounts): 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Net income available to stockholders Weighted average shares of capital Less: Mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) ) Average number of shares of capital used to calculate earnings per share Basic earnings per share non-qualified Benefit Equalization Plans, which are retirement plans. In July 2023, the Pentegra Defined Contribution Plan was transitioned to Vanguard. The two plans restore and enhance defined benefits for those employees who have had their qualified Defined Benefit Plan and their Defined Contribution Plan limited by IRS regulations. The two non-qualified Benefit Equalization Plans (BEP) are unfunded. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Benefit Equalization Plans (defined benefit and defined contribution) Defined Contribution Plans Postretirement Health Benefit Plan ) ) Total retirement plan expenses Benefit Equalization Plan (BEP) The BEP restores defined benefits for those employees who have had their qualified defined benefits limited by IRS regulations. The method for determining the accrual expense and liabilities of the plan is the Projected Unit Credit Accrual Method. Under this method, the liability of the plan is composed mainly of two components, Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) and Service Cost accruals. The total liability is determined by projecting each person s expected plan benefits. These projected benefits are then discounted to the measurement date. Finally, the liability is allocated to service already worked (PBO) and service to be worked (Service Cost). There were no plan assets, as this is an unfunded plan that has been designated for the BEP plan. Postretirement Health Benefit Plan The Retiree Medical Benefit Plan (the Plan) is for retired employees and for employees who are eligible for retirement benefits. The Plan is unfunded. The Plan, as amended, is offered to active employees who have completed of employment service at the FHLBNY and attained age as of January 1, 2015. Interest cost Amortization of unrecognized net loss Amortization of unrecognized past service cost Net periodic benefit cost - Defined Benefit BEP Benefit Equalization plans - Thrift and Deferred incentive compensation plans ) Total 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Interest cost on accumulated postretirement health benefit obligation Amortization of (gain)/loss ) ) ) ) Net periodic postretirement health benefit expense/(income) ) ) Interest rate caps Mortgage delivery commitments Total interest rate contracts notionals 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Cleared derivatives Total gross recognized amount Gross amounts of netting adjustments and cash collateral Uncleared derivatives ) ) ) ) Cleared derivatives ) ) ) ) Total gross amounts of netting adjustments and cash collateral ) ) ) ) Net amounts after offsetting adjustments and cash collateral Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total net amounts after offsetting adjustments and cash collateral Derivative instruments - not nettable Uncleared derivatives (a) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities presented in the Statements of Condition (b) Non-cash collateral received or pledged (c) Can be sold or repledged Security collateral pledged as initial margin to Derivative Clearing Organization (d) Cannot be sold or repledged Uncleared derivatives securities received as Variation Margin ) ) Total net amount of non-cash collateral received or repledged Total net exposure cash and non-cash (e) Net unsecured amount - Represented by: Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total net exposure cash and non-cash (e) 

 (a) Not nettable derivative instruments are without legal right of offset and were synthetic derivatives representing forward mortgage delivery commitments of calendar days or less. Amounts were not material, and it was operationally not practical to separate receivables from payables; net presentation was adopted. cash collateral was involved with the mortgage delivery commitments. (b) Amounts represented Derivative assets and liabilities that were recorded in the Statements of Condition. Derivative cash balances were not netted with non-cash collateral received or pledged, since legal ownership of the non-cash collateral remains with the pledging counterparty (see footnote (c) below). 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Total derivatives in hedging relationships under ASC 815 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps (b) Interest rate caps Mortgage delivery commitments Other Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before netting and collateral adjustments Netting adjustments ) ) Cash collateral and related accrued interest ) ) Total netting adjustments and cash collateral ) ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities Security collateral pledged as initial margin to Derivative Clearing Organization (c) Security collateral received from counterparty (c) ) Net security Net exposure 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Total derivatives in hedging relationships under ASC 815 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps (b) Interest rate caps Mortgage delivery commitments Other Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before netting and collateral adjustments Netting adjustments ) ) Cash collateral and related accrued interest ) ) Total netting adjustments and cash collateral ) ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities Security collateral pledged as initial margin to Derivative Clearing Organization (c) Security collateral received from counterparty (c) ) Net security Net exposure 

 (a) All derivative assets and liabilities with swap dealers and counterparties are executed under collateral agreements; derivative instruments executed bilaterally are subject to legal right of offset under master netting agreements. (b) Interest rate swaps also includes the Other category comprised of interest rate swaps intermediated for members, and notional amounts represent purchases by the FHLBNY from dealers and an offsetting purchase from us by the members. (c) Non-cash security collateral is not permitted to be offset on the balance sheet but would be eligible for offsetting in an event of default. Amounts represent non-cash collateral and or U.S. Treasury securities pledged to and received from counterparties as collateral at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Accounting for Derivative Hedging The FHLBNY accounts for its hedging activities in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . As a general rule, hedge accounting is permitted where the FHLBNY is exposed to a particular risk, typically interest-rate risk that causes changes in the fair value of an asset or liability or variability in the expected future cash flows of an existing asset, liability or a forecasted transaction that may affect earnings. Derivative contracts hedging the risks associated with the changes in fair value are referred to as Fair value hedges, while contracts hedging the risks affecting the expected future cash flows are called Cash flow hedges. Derivatives not designated under a qualifying ASC 815 hedge relationship and designated as an asset/liability management hedge are classified as an economic hedge. For more information, see financial statements, Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the most recent Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 21, 2024. Fair value hedge gains and losses ) Gains (losses) on hedged item in designated and qualifying fair value hedges: Interest rate hedges ) ) 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Gains (losses) represent changes in fair values of derivatives and changes in the fair value of hedged items due to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, the risk being hedged. Gains and losses on ASC 815 hedges are recorded in the same line in the Statements of Income as the hedged assets and hedged liabilities. Cumulative Basis Adjustment Upon electing to apply ASC 815 fair value hedge accounting, the carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted to reflect the cumulative impact of changes in the hedged risk. The hedge basis adjustment, whether arising from an active or de-designated hedge relationship, remains with the hedged item until the hedged item is derecognized from the balance sheet. ) Hedged AFS debt securities (a) ) De-designated advances (b) ) ) ) Liabilities: Hedged consolidated obligation bonds Hedged consolidated obligation discount notes ) De-designated consolidated obligation bonds (b) ) De-designated consolidated obligation discount notes (b) ) 

December 31, 2023 Cumulative Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of Hedged Items Gains (Losses) Carrying Amount of Discontinued Hedged Active Hedging Hedging Assets/Liabilities (a) Relationship Relationship Assets: Hedged advances ) Hedged AFS debt securities (a) ) De-designated advances (b) ) Liabilities: Hedged consolidated obligation bonds Hedged consolidated obligation discount notes De-designated consolidated obligation bonds (b) ) De-designated consolidated obligation discount notes (b) ) 

 (a) Carrying amounts represent amortized cost adjusted for cumulative fair value hedging basis. For AFS securities in a fair value partial-term hedge, changes in the fair values due to changes in the benchmark rate were recorded as an adjustment to amortized cost and an offset to interest income from the hedged AFS securities. Cumulative basis adjustment gains (losses) at September 30, 2024 includes immaterial balances of unamortized basis as a result of a hedge de-designation. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 billion; par amounts of de-designated CO bonds were billion; par amount of de-designated CO discount notes were billion. At December 31, 2023, par amounts of de-designated advances were billion; par amounts of de-designated CO bonds were billion; par amounts of de-designated CO discount notes were billion. Cumulative fair value hedging adjustments for active and discontinued hedging relationships will remain on the balance sheet until the items are derecognized . Cash flow hedge gains and losses ) ) ) 

Derivative Gains (Losses) Recorded in Income and Other Comprehensive Income/Loss Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amounts Amounts Total Amounts Amounts Total Reclassified from Reclassified from Amounts Change in Reclassified from Reclassified from Amounts Change in AOCI to AOCI to Other Recorded OCI for AOCI to AOCI to Other Recorded OCI for Interest Expense (b) Income (Loss) (c) in OCI (d) Period Interest Expense (b) Income (Loss) (c) in OCI (d) Period Interest rate contracts (a) ) ) ) ) 

 (a) Amounts represent cash flow hedges of CO debt hedged with benchmark interest rate swaps. Under guidance provided by ASU 2017-12, the FHLBNY includes the gain and loss on the hedging derivatives in the same line in the Statements of Income as the change in cash flows on the hedged item. (b) Amounts represent amortization of gains (losses) related to closed cash flow hedges of anticipated issuance of CO bonds that were reclassified during the period to interest expense as a yield adjustment. Losses reclassified represent losses in AOCI that were amortized as an expense to debt interest expense. If debt is held to maturity, losses in AOCI will be relieved through amortization. It is expected that over the next 12 months, million of the unrecognized losses in AOCI will be recognized as yield adjustments to debt interest expense. (c) Under guidance provided by ASU 2017-12, hedge ineffectiveness (as defined under ASC 815) is reclassified only if the original transaction would not occur by the end of the specified time period or within a two-month period thereafter. There were amounts that were reclassified into earnings due to discontinuation of cash flow hedges. Reclassification would occur if it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within a two-month period thereafter. (d) Amounts represent changes in the fair values of open interest rate swap contracts in cash flow hedges of CO debt, primarily those hedging the rolling issuance of CO discount notes. Economic Hedges FHLBNY often uses economic hedges when hedge accounting would be too complex or operationally burdensome. Derivatives that are economic hedges are carried at fair value, with changes in value included in Other income (loss), a line item which is below Net interest income. For hedges that either do not meet the ASC 815 hedging criteria or for which management decides not to apply ASC 815 hedge accounting, the derivative is recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with the associated changes in fair value recorded in earnings, while the hedged instrument continues to be carried at amortized cost. Therefore, current earnings are affected by the interest rate shifts and other factors that cause a change in the swap s value, but for which no offsetting change in value is recorded on the hedged instrument. Economic hedges are an acceptable hedging strategy under the FHLBNY s risk management program, and the strategies comply with the Finance Agency s regulatory requirements prohibiting speculative use of derivatives. 

 38 

Table of Contents) Caps ) ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) Total gains (losses) on derivatives in economic hedges ) Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Advances Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets ) Other financial assets Liabilities Deposits Consolidated obligations Bonds Discount notes Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities ) Other financial liabilities 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Advances Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets ) Other financial assets Liabilities Deposits Consolidated obligations Bonds Discount notes Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities ) Other financial liabilities The fair value amounts recorded on the Statements of Condition or presented in the table above have been determined by the FHLBNY using available market information and our reasonable judgment of appropriate valuation methods. (a) Level 3 Instruments The fair values of non-agency private-label MBS and housing finance agency bonds were estimated by management based on pricing services. Valuations may have required pricing services to use significant inputs that were subjective because of the current lack of significant market activity; the inputs may not be market-based and observable. Fair Value Hierarchy The FHLBNY records trading securities, equity investments, available-for-sale securities, derivative instruments, and Consolidated obligations and advances elected under the FVO at fair values on a recurring basis. On a non-recurring basis for the FHLBNY, when mortgage loans held-for-portfolio are written down or are foreclosed as Other Real Estate Owned (REO or OREO), they are recorded at the fair values of the real estate collateral supporting the mortgage loans. The accounting standards under Fair Value Measurement defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Among other things, the standard requires the FHLBNY to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard specifies a hierarchy of inputs based on whether the inputs are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the FHLBNY s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy, and an entity must disclose the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the measurements are classified for all assets and liabilities measured on a recurring or non-recurring basis: Level 1 Inputs Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in an active market that the reporting entity can access on the measurement date. Level 2 Inputs Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include the following: (1) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (2) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; (3) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, and volatilities). 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 such transfers in any periods in this report. The availability of observable inputs can vary from product to product and is affected by a wide variety of factors including, for example, the characteristics peculiar to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the FHLBNY in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized as Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Summary of Valuation Techniques and Primary Inputs The fair value of a financial instrument that is an asset is defined as the price the FHLBNY would receive to sell the asset in an orderly transaction with market participants. A financial liability s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. Where available, fair values were based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices are not available, valuation models and inputs are utilized. These valuation techniques involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or markets and the instruments complexity. Because an active secondary market does not exist for a portion of the FHLBNY s financial instruments, in certain cases, fair values are not subject to precise quantification or verification and may change as economic and market factors and evaluation of those factors change. For assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the FHLBNY measures fair value using the procedures set out below: Mortgage-backed securities, including housing finance obligations, classified as available-for-sale The fair value of such securities is estimated by the FHLBNY using pricing primarily from specialized pricing services. The pricing vendors typically use market multiples derived from a set of comparables, including matrix pricing, and other techniques. The FHLBNY s valuation technique incorporates prices from up to designated third-party pricing services at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The FHLBNY s base investment pricing methodology establishes a median price for each security using a formula that is based on the number of prices received. Vendor prices that are outside of a defined tolerance threshold of the median price are identified as outliers and subject to additional review, including, but not limited to, comparison to prices provided by an additional third-party valuation service, prices for similar securities, and/or non-binding dealer estimates, which are deemed to be reflective of all relevant facts and circumstances that a market participant would consider. Such analysis is also applied in those limited instances where third-party vendor price or only third-party vendor price is available in order to arrive at an estimated fair value. The FHLBNY has also concluded that the pricing vendors use methods that generally employ, but are not limited to benchmark yields, recent trades, dealer estimates, valuation models, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings, and/or matrix pricing. Based on the FHLBNY s review processes, management has concluded that inputs into the pricing models employed by pricing services for the FHLBNY s investments in GSE securities classified as available-for-sale are market-based and observable and are considered to be within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Housing finance agency bonds The fair value of housing finance agency bonds is estimated by management using information primarily from pricing services. Because of the current lack of significant market activity, their fair values were categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as inputs into vendor pricing models may not be market-based and observable. Fair values of Mortgage-backed securities deemed impaired When a PLMBS is deemed to be impaired, it is recorded at fair value. The valuation of PLMBS may require pricing services to use significant inputs that are subjective and are considered by management to be within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. This determination was made based on management s view that the private-label instruments may not have an active market because of the specific vintage of the securities as well as inherent conditions surrounding the trading of private-label MBS, so that the inputs may not be market-based and observable. Historically, impairments have been de minimis. The portfolio of PLMBS has declined as the FHLBNY has ceased acquiring PLMBS. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 requires a prepayment fee sufficient to make a FHLBank financially indifferent to the borrower s decision to prepay the advance. Therefore, the fair value of an advance does not assume prepayment risk. The inputs used to determine fair value of advances elected under the FVO are as follows: CO Curve. The FHLBNY uses the CO Curve, which represents its cost of funds, as an input to estimate the fair value of advances, and to determine current advance rates. This input is considered market observable and therefore a Level 2 input. Volatility assumption. To estimate the fair value of advances with optionality, the FHLBNY uses market-based expectations of future interest rate volatility implied from current market prices for similar options. This input is considered a Level 2 input as it is market-based and market observable. Spread adjustment. Adjustments represent the FHLBNY s mark-up based on its pricing strategy. The input is considered as unobservable and is classified as a Level 3 input. The spread adjustment is not a significant input to the overall fair value of an advance. Consolidated Obligations elected under the FVO The FHLBNY estimates the fair values of Consolidated obligations elected under the FVO based on the present values of expected future cash flows due on the debt obligations. Calculations are performed by using the FHLBNY s industry standard option adjusted valuation models. The FHLBNY s internal valuation models use the following inputs: CO Curve and Benchmark Swap Curves. The Office of Finance constructs an internal curve, referred to as the CO Curve, using the U.S. Treasury Curve as a base curve that is then adjusted by adding indicative spreads obtained from market observable sources. These market indications are generally derived from pricing indications from dealers, historical pricing relationships, recent GSE trades and secondary market activity. The FHLBNY considers the inputs as Level 2 inputs as they are market observable. Volatility assumptions. To estimate the fair values of Consolidated obligations with optionality, the FHLBNY uses market-based expectations of future interest rate volatility implied from current market prices for similar options. These inputs are also considered Level 2 as they are market-based and observable. No CO debt elected under the FVO were structured with options in any periods in this report. 

42 

Table of Contents 
 credit adjustments were deemed necessary to the recorded fair value of Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities in the Statements of Condition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities GSE/U.S. agency issued MBS State and local housing finance agency obligations Derivative assets (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total recurring fair value measurement - Assets ) Liabilities Consolidated obligation: Bonds (to the extent FVO is elected) (b) ) ) Derivative liabilities (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) ) Total recurring fair value measurement - Liabilities ) ) 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities GSE/U.S. agency issued MBS State and local housing finance agency obligations Derivative assets (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total recurring fair value measurement - Assets ) Liabilities Consolidated obligation: Bonds (to the extent FVO is elected) (b) ) ) Derivative liabilities (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) ) Total recurring fair value measurement - Liabilities ) ) 

 (a) Based on analysis of the nature of the risk, the presentation of derivatives as a single class is appropriate. (b) Based on analysis of the nature of risks of Consolidated obligation bonds measured at fair value, the FHLBNY has determined that presenting the bonds as a single class is appropriate. Transfer of securities from held-to-maturity to available-for-sale Provision for credit losses Total gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) ) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) Balance, end of the period Total non-recurring assets at fair value During the period ended September 30, 2024, de minimis amounts were recorded. Mortgage loans and REO The FHLBNY measures and records certain impaired mortgage loans and REO (foreclosed properties) on a non-recurring basis. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances at the occurrence of the events during the periods in this report. Impaired loans are primarily loans that are delinquent for 180 days or more, partially charged-off, with the remaining loans recorded at their collateral values at the dates the loans are charged off. Fair value adjustments on the impaired loans and real estate owned assets are based primarily on broker price opinions. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 adjustments to the fair values of its instruments recorded under the fair value option for instrument-specific credit risk were necessary at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As with all advances, when advances are elected under the FVO, they are also fully collateralized through their terms to maturity. We consider our Consolidated obligation debt as high credit quality, highly-rated instruments, and changes in fair values are generally related to changes in interest rates and investor preference, including investor asset allocation strategies. The FHLBNY believes the credit-quality of Consolidated obligation debt has remained stable, and changes in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, if any, were not material given that the debt elected under the FVO had been issued within the recent past periods, and no adverse changes have been observed in their credit characteristics. ) New transactions elected for fair value option Maturities and terminations Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option ) ) Change in accrued interest/unaccreted balance ) Balance, end of the period ) ) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Bonds Balance, beginning of the period ) ) New transactions elected for fair value option Maturities and terminations Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option ) ) Change in accrued interest/unaccreted balance ) Balance, end of the period ) ) 

 46 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) ) ) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Gains Total Change in Fair Net Gains Total Change in Fair (Losses) Due to Value Included in (Losses) Due to Value Included in Interest Changes in Fair Current Period Interest Changes in Fair Current Period Expense Value Earnings Expense Value Earnings Consolidated obligation bonds ) ) ) ) ) ) The following tables compare the aggregate fair value and aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding of financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected (in thousands): 

September 30, 2024 Fair Value Over/(Under) Aggregate Unpaid Aggregate Fair Aggregate Unpaid Principal Balance Value Principal Balance Consolidated obligation bonds (a) ) 

December 31, 2023 Fair Value Over/(Under) Aggregate Unpaid Aggregate Fair Aggregate Unpaid Principal Balance Value Principal Balance Consolidated obligation bonds (a) ) 

September 30, 2023 Fair Value Over/(Under) Aggregate Unpaid Aggregate Fair Aggregate Unpaid Principal Balance Value Principal Balance Consolidated obligation bonds (a) ) 

 (a) CO bonds The FHLBNY has elected the FVO on an instrument-by-instrument basis for CO bonds, primarily fixed-rate, intermediate- and short-term debt; management elects the FVO for such CO bonds when management is not able to assert with confidence that the debt would qualify for hedge accounting as such short-term debt may not remain highly effective hedges through the maturity of the bonds. Management may also elect the FVO of certain other CO bonds to achieve asset liability objectives. or more of the FHLBanks be unable to repay their participation in the Consolidated obligations, each of the other FHLBanks could be called upon to repay all or part of such obligations, as determined or approved by the Finance Agency. Neither the FHLBNY nor any other FHLBank has ever had to assume or pay the Consolidated obligations of another FHLBank. The FHLBNY does not believe that it will be called upon to pay the Consolidated obligations of another FHLBank in the future. Under the provisions of accounting standards for guarantees, the FHLBNY would have been required to recognize the fair value of the FHLBNY s joint and several liability for all the Consolidated obligations, as discussed above. However, the FHLBNY considers the joint and several liabilities as similar to a related party guarantee, which meets the scope exception under the accounting standard for guarantees. Accordingly, the FHLBNY has not recognized the fair value of a liability for its joint and several obligations related to other FHLBanks Consolidated obligations, which in aggregate were par amounts of trillion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 FHLBanks are expected to contribute million in aggregate annually to the AHP. If the aggregate assessment is less than million for all the FHLBanks, each FHLBank would be required to assure that the aggregate contributions of the FHLBanks equal million. The proration would be made based on the ratio of each FHLBank s income before Affordable Housing Program to the sum of the income before Affordable Housing Program of the 11 FHLBanks. There have been shortfalls in any periods in this report. Consolidated obligation discount notes at par Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (a) Financing lease (b) Premises (Operating Lease) (b) Other liabilities (c) Total contractual obligations Other commitments Standby letters of credit (d) Consolidated obligation bonds/discount notes traded not settled Commitments to fund additional advances Commitments to fund pension Open delivery commitments (MAP) Total other commitments Total obligations and commitments 

 (a) Callable bonds contain an exercise date or a series of exercise dates that may result in a shorter redemption period. Redemption dates of mandatorily redeemable capital stock are assumed to correspond to maturity dates of member advances. Excess capital stock is redeemed at that time, and hence, these dates better represent the related commitments than the put dates associated with capital stock. While interest payments on CO bonds and discount notes are contractual obligations, they are deemed to be not material and, therefore, amounts were omitted from the table. (b) Amounts represent undiscounted obligations. Lease obligations are recorded in the Statements of Condition as a Right-of-use (ROU) asset and a corresponding lease liability. Immaterial amounts of equipment and other leases have been excluded in the table above. (c) Includes accounts payable and accrued expenses, liabilities recorded for future settlements of investments, Pass-through reserves due to member institutions held at the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB), and projected payment obligations for pension plans. (d) Financial letters of credit - Standby letters of credit are executed for a fee on behalf of members to facilitate residential housing, community lending, and members asset/liability management or to provide liquidity. A standby letter of credit is a financing arrangement between the FHLBNY and its member. Members assume an unconditional obligation to reimburse the FHLBNY for value given by the FHLBNY to the beneficiary under the terms of the standby letter of credit. The FHLBNY may, in its discretion, permit the member to finance repayment of their obligation by receiving a collateralized advance. The Bank did not record credit losses on off-balance sheet arrangements for any periods in this report. Lease Commitments Operating Leases: In compliance with the guidance under ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), we recognize in our Statements of Condition all leases with lease terms greater than twelve months as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use (ROU) asset. 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 or less that contain escalation clauses that will increase rental payments. Operating leases also include backup datacenters and certain office equipment. Operating lease liabilities and operating lease ROU assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the FHLBNY s borrowing rate for its own debt (Consolidated obligation bonds) of a similar term. Operating lease ROU assets include any lease prepayments made, plus any initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. Rental expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Premise rental expense is included in occupancy expense, and datacenter and other lease expenses are included in other operating expense in the Statements of Income. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are reported in the Statements of Condition. Lease Liabilities 

 (a) We have elected to exclude immaterial amounts of short-term operating lease liabilities in the Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Lease Expense Operating cash flows - Cash Paid September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Discount Rate Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Years Years 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Imputed interest ) ) Total operating lease liabilities Finance Lease: In December 2023, the Bank entered into a finance lease for computer equipment. The finance lease liability and finance lease ROU asset are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. The lease liability was million as of September 30, 2024, and million as of December 31, 2023. The finance lease ROU asset was million as of September 30, 2024, and million as of December 31, 2023. 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 discount notes were assumed from another FHLBank in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In June 2023, the FHLBNY assumed discount notes in par amount of billion from another FHLBank. CO bonds were assumed from another FHLBank in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and in the same period in the prior year. Debt transfers In September 2024, the FHLBNY transferred debt in par amount of billion to another FHLBank. debt was transferred to another FHLBank in the nine months ended September 2023. Advances Sold or Transferred advances were transferred or sold to the FHLBNY or from the FHLBNY to another FHLBank in any periods in this report. When an advance is transferred or assumed, the transactions would be executed in the ordinary course of the FHLBNY s business and at negotiated market pricing. MPF Program In the MPF program, the FHLBNY may participate to the FHLBank of Chicago portions of its purchases of mortgage loans from its members. Transactions are participated at market rates. Since 2004, the FHLBNY has not shared its purchases with the FHLBank of Chicago. From the inception of the program through 2004, the cumulative share of MPF Chicago s participation in the FHLBNY s MPF loans that has remained outstanding was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Fees paid to the FHLBank of Chicago for providing MPF program services were approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million and million for the same periods in the prior year. Mortgage-backed Securities mortgage-backed securities were acquired from other FHLBanks during the periods in this report. Intermediation From time to time, the FHLBNY acts as an intermediary to purchase derivatives to accommodate its smaller members. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, outstanding notional amounts were million and million, representing derivative contracts in which the FHLBNY acted as an intermediary to execute derivative contracts with members. Separately, the contracts were offset with contracts purchased from unrelated derivatives dealers. Net fair value exposures of these transactions were not significant. The intermediated derivative transactions with members and derivative counterparties were collateralized. Loans to Other Federal Home Loan Banks There were overnight loans extended to other FHLBanks in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to billion in the same period in the prior year. Generally, loans made to other FHLBanks are uncollateralized. Interest income from such loans was immaterial in the periods in this report. 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 . There were borrowings from other FHLBanks in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the FHLBNY borrowed a total of billion in overnight loans from other FHLBanks. Interest expense was immaterial. Sub-lease of Office Space to Another Federal Home Loan Bank The FHLBNY is a lessor of shared office space to another FHLBank for a term through August 2028 at an estimated million in annual lease receipts. Cash and Due from Banks The compensating cash balances held at Citibank was million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Citibank is a member and stockholder of the FHLBNY. For more information, see Note 3. Cash and Due from Banks. Accrued interest receivable Liabilities and capital Deposits Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program (a) Capital 

 (a) Represents funds not yet allocated or disbursed to AHP programs. Related Party: Income and Expense Transactions 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Related Related Related Related Interest income Advances Interest-bearing deposits Loans to other FHLBanks Interest expense Deposits Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Cash collateral held and other borrowings Service fees and other 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 or more large members were to withdraw from membership or decrease business with the FHLBNY. Members might withdraw or reduce their business as a result of consolidating with an institution that was a member of another FHLBank, or for other reasons. The FHLBNY has considered the impact of losing one or more large members. In general, a withdrawing member would be required to repay all indebtedness prior to the redemption of its capital stock. Under current conditions, the FHLBNY does not expect the loss of a large member to impair its operations, since the FHLBank Act, as amended, does not allow the FHLBNY to redeem the capital of an existing member if the redemption would cause the FHLBNY to fall below its capital requirements. Consequently, the loss of a large member should not result in an inadequate capital position for the FHLBNY. However, such an event could reduce the amount of capital that the FHLBNY has available for continued growth. This could have various ramifications for the FHLBNY, including a possible reduction in net income and dividends, and a lower return on capital stock for remaining members. advance holders and associated interest income for the periods then ended are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): September 30, 2024 Percentage of Par Total Par Value Three Months Nine Months City State Advances of Advances Interest Income Percentage (a) Interest Income Percentage (a) Flagstar Bank, N.A. Hicksville NY Citibank, N.A. New York NY MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (b) Whippany NJ Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company (b) Whippany NJ Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Equitable Financial Life Insurance Co. New York NY Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc of America New York NY Goldman Sachs Bank USA New York NY Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company Buffalo NY New York Life Insurance Company New York NY Valley National Bank (b) Wayne NJ Prudential Insurance Company of America Newark NJ Total 

 (a) Interest income percentage is the member s interest income from advances as a percentage of the top 10 members. (b) An officer of this member bank served on the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY as a Member Director. 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 Flagstar Bank, N.A. (b) Hicksville NY MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company New York NY Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company New York NY Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company New York NY Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc of America New York NY Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company Buffalo NY New York Life Insurance Company New York NY Prudential Insurance Company of America Newark NJ Valley National Bank (b) Wayne NJ Kearny Bank Fairfield NJ Total 

 (a) Interest income percentage is the member s interest income from advances as a percentage of the top 10 members. (b) An officer of this member bank served on the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY as a Member Director. 

September 30, 2023 Percentage of Par Total Par Value Three Months Nine Months City State Advances of Advances Interest Income Percentage (a) Interest Income Percentage (a) Citibank, N.A. New York NY MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company New York NY Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company New York NY Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Flagstar Bank, N.A. (b) Hicksville NY Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company New York NY Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company Buffalo NY Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc of America New York NY Prudential Insurance Company of America Newark NJ New York Life Insurance Company New York NY Goldman Sachs Bank USA New York NY Provident Bank (b) Jersey City NJ Total 

 (a) Interest income percentage is the member s interest income from advances as a percentage of the top 10 members. (b) An officer of this member bank served on the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY as a Member Director. 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-Q, including statements describing the objectives, projections, estimates, or predictions of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York we us, our, the Bank or the FHLBNY may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements may use forward-looking terminology, such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, may, should, will, or other variations on these terms or their negatives. The Bank cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks or uncertainties, including the Risk Factors set forth in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024 (the 2023 Annual Report ), and the risks set forth below, and that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. As a result, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the Bank does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement herein. Forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: the Bank s projections regarding income, retained earnings, dividend payouts, and the repurchase of excess capital stock; the Bank s statements related to gains and losses on derivatives, future credit and impairment charges, and future classification of securities; the Bank s expectations relating to future balance sheet growth; the Bank s targets under the Bank s retained earnings plan; the Bank s expectations regarding the size of its mortgage loan portfolio, particularly as compared to prior periods; the Bank s statements related to reform legislation, including, without limitation, housing or government-sponsored enterprise legislation; and political events, including legislative, regulatory, judicial, or other developments that affect the Bank, its members, counterparties, or investors in the consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks), such as any government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) reforms, any changes resulting from the Finance Agency s review and analysis of the FHLBank System, including recommendations published in its FHLBank System at 100: Focusing on the Future report, changes in the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), changes in applicable sections of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, or changes in other statutes or regulations applicable to the FHLBanks; Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements for many reasons, including, but not limited to, the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report, and the risks set forth below: changes in economic and market conditions, including the evolving risks relating to the March 2023 U.S. banking sector liquidity crisis; changes in demand for Bank advances and other products resulting from changes in members and FDIC deposit flows and members credit demands or otherwise; an increase in advance prepayments as a result of changes in interest rates (including negative interest rates) or other factors; the volatility of market prices, rates, and indices that could affect the value of collateral held by the Bank as security for obligations of Bank members and counterparties to interest rate exchange agreements and similar agreements; political events, including legislative developments that affect the Bank, its members, counterparties, and/or investors in the Consolidated obligations (COs) of the FHLBanks; competitive forces including, without limitation, other sources of funding available to Bank members, other entities borrowing funds in the capital markets, and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; the pace of technological change and the ability of the Bank to develop and support technology and information systems, including the internet, sufficient to manage the risks of the Bank s business effectively; changes in investor demand for COs and/or the terms of interest rate exchange agreements and similar agreements; timing and volume of market activity; ability to introduce new or adequately adapt current Bank products and services and successfully manage the risks associated with those products and services, including new types of collateral used to secure advances; risk of loss arising from litigation filed against one or more of the FHLBanks; realization of losses arising from the Bank s joint and several liability on COs; 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 risk of loss due to fluctuations in the housing market; inflation or deflation; issues and events within the FHLBank System and in the political arena that may lead to legislative, regulatory, judicial, or other developments that may affect the marketability of the COs, the Bank s financial obligations with respect to COs, and the Bank s ability to access the capital markets; the availability of derivative financial instruments of the types and in the quantities needed for risk management purposes from acceptable counterparties; significant business disruptions resulting from natural or other disasters (including, but not limited to, health emergencies such as pandemics or epidemics), acts of war (including, but not limited to, the war between Ukraine and Russia or the conflicts in the Middle East) or terrorism; the effect of new accounting standards, including the development of supporting systems; membership changes, including changes resulting from mergers or changes in the principal place of business of Bank members; the soundness of other financial institutions, including Bank members, nonmember borrowers, other counterparties, and the other FHLBanks; and the willingness of the Bank s members to do business with the Bank whether or not the Bank is paying dividends or repurchasing excess capital stock. Risks and other factors could cause actual results of the Bank to differ materially from those implied by any forward-looking statements. These risk factors are not exhaustive. The Bank operates in changing economic, legislative and regulatory environments, and new risk factors will emerge from time to time. Management cannot predict such new risk factors nor can it assess the impact, if any, of such new risk factors on the business of the Bank or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by any forward-looking statements. 

 55 

Table of Contents 
 Organization of Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A). This MD A is designed to provide information that will assist the readers in better understanding the FHLBNY s financial statements, the changes in key items in the Bank s financial statements from period to period and the primary factors driving those changes as well as how accounting principles affect the FHLBNY s financial statements. The MD A is organized as follows : Page Executive Overview 57 Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results 57 Financial Condition 58 Financial Condition 62 Advances 64 Investments 69 Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio, Net 75 Debt Financing Activity and Consolidated Obligations 76 Stockholders Capital 82 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 84 Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt 86 Results of Operations 89 Net Income 89 Net Interest Income, Interest Rate Margin and Interest Rate Spread 91 Interest Income 97 Interest Expense 99 Analysis of Non-Interest Income (Loss) 100 Operating Expenses, Compensation and Benefits, and Other Expenses 102 Assessments 103 Legislative and Regulatory Developments 103 MD A TABLE REFERENCE Table(s) Description Page(s) Selected Financial Data 60-61 1.1 Financial Condition 62-64 2.1 - 2.8 Advances 64-69 3.1 - 3.8 Investments 69-74 4.1 - 4.3 Mortgage Loans 75-76 5.1 - 5.10 Consolidated Obligations 77-82 6.1 - 6.4 Capital 82-84 7.1 Derivatives 84-86 8.1 8.3 Liquidity 86-89 9.1 - 9.11 Results of Operations 89-102 10.1 Assessments 103-104 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Overview This overview of management s discussion and analysis highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Form 10-Q. For a more complete understanding of events, trends and uncertainties, as well as the liquidity, capital, credit and market risks, and critical accounting estimates, affecting the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (FHLBNY or Bank), this Form 10-Q should be read in its entirety and in conjunction with the Bank s most recent 2023 Form 10-K filed on March 21, 2024. Cooperative business model . As a cooperative, we seek to maintain a balance between our public policy mission and our ability to provide adequate returns on the capital supplied by our members. We achieve this balance by delivering low-cost financing to members to help them meet the credit needs of their communities and by paying a dividend on members capital stock. Our financial strategies are designed to enable us to expand and contract in response to member credit needs. By investing capital in high-quality, short- and medium-term financial instruments, we maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy member demand for short- and long-term funds, repay maturing Consolidated obligations (CO bonds and CO discount notes), and meet other obligations. The dividends we pay are largely the result of earnings on invested member capital, net earnings on advances to members, mortgage loans and investments, offset in part by operating expenses and assessments. Our Board of Directors and Management determine the pricing of member credit and dividend policies based on the needs of our members and the cooperative as well as current and forecasted conditions in the marketplace. Business segment. We manage our operations as a single business segment. Advances to members are our primary focus and the principal factor that impacts our operating results. Mission Fulfillment . The Bank s performance is based on our ability to successfully execute on our foundational liquidity mission and is reflected in our strong results for the third quarter of 2024. Throughout the first nine months of 2024, the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York has continued to successfully execute on our mission, meeting the needs of our members and working together to the benefit of the communities we all serve. Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results Net income Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 183.4 million, an increase of 1.5 million, or 0.8 , from net income of 181.9 million for the same period in 2023. Our Net income is primarily driven by Net interest income, which is the spread between yields earned on advances, mortgage-backed securities, and other investments and the cost of debt. Net Interest Income Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 237.2 million, a decrease of 5.3 million, or 2.2 , from 242.5 million for the same period in 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in the net interest spread of 5 basis points. Net interest spread decreased to 27 basis points in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 32 basis points in the same period in 2023. The root cause driving the decrease in net interest spread is the higher cost of replaced funding. Average earning assets balances increased by 18.6 billion to 169.0 billion in the 2024 third quarter compared with 150.4 billion in the same period in 2023. Average advances balances increased 11.0 billion to 111.0 billion in the 2024 third quarter, up from 100.0 billion in the 2023 third quarter. Return on average equity (ROE) for the third quarter of 2024 was 8.29 , compared to ROE of 9.13 for the same period in 2023. Other income (loss) Other income (loss) increased by 23.4 million, resulting from a gain of 35.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a gain of 11.7 million in the same period of 2023. Primary components are summarized below: Financial instruments carried at fair values FVO instruments reported fair value losses of 39.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to fair value losses of 18.1 million in the same period in the prior year. Derivative activities reported losses in Other income of 89.1 million in the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 168.4 million from gains of 79.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. The quarter over quarter loss was primarily from Interest rate swaps designated as economic hedges of fixed-rate Treasury securities. The fair value on Interest rate swaps in economic hedges largely offset the marked-to-market valuation gains of the portfolio of U.S. Treasury securities held for liquidity. U.S. Treasury Securities held for liquidity (classified as trading) reported marked-to-market gains of 151.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 203.4 million from losses of 51.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. The quarter over quarter marked-to-market gain was largely offset by fair value changes on Interest rate swaps in economic hedges of fixed-rate Treasury securities. 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 Equity Investments held to finance payments to retirees in a non-qualified pension plan, reported net gains of 5.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to net losses of 2.8 million in the same period of the prior year. Other expenses were 68.5 million for the third quarter of the current year, compared to 52.1 million for the same period in the prior year. Other expenses are primarily Operating expenses, Compensation and benefits, our share of expenses of the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and voluntary contributions. Other expenses have increased due to a 8.3 million increase in voluntary contributions, increases in compensation due to increase in headcount, and increases in operating expense due to on-going investments in technology. Affordable Housing Program Assessments (AHP) allocated from Net income were 20.4 million for the third quarter of the current year, compared to 20.2 million for the same period in the prior year. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of Net income, and changes in allocations were proportional with changes in Net income. Dividend payments A quarterly cash dividend of 2.36 per share (9.50 annualized) was paid in the third quarter of the current year, compared to 2.12 per share (8.50 annualized) in the same period of the prior year. Financial Condition September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 Our financial condition is characterized by a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity readily available for our member institutions. Total assets decreased to 155.5 billion at September 30, 2024, down from 158.3 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 2.8 billion, or 1.8 . As of September 30, 2024, advances were 106.4 billion, a decrease of 2.5 billion, or 2.3 , from 108.9 billion at December 31, 2023. Cash at banks was 44.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 48.2 million at December 31, 2023. Liquidity investments Money market investments decreased 2.1 billion at September 30, 2024 to 17.2 billion, as compared to 19.3 billion at December 31, 2023, but we continue to ensure an ample supply of funds to meet liquidity demands. Federal funds decreased 0.4 billion to 9.3 billion, as well as a 2.7 billion decrease in overnight resale agreements to 5.2 billion, partially offset by a 0.9 billion increase in interest-bearing deposits at highly rated financial institutions to 2.8 billion. For liquidity, we maintain a portfolio of U.S. Treasury securities designated as trading to meet short-term contingency liquidity needs. Balances were 7.3 billion and 5.9 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Our liquidity position remains strong, and in compliance with all regulatory requirements, and we do not foresee any changes to that position. In addition to the liquidity trading portfolio and assets discussed above, liquid assets included 8.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and 7.9 billion at December 31, 2023 of high credit quality GSE-issued available-for-sale securities that are investment grade and readily marketable. For more information about our liquidity measures, see section Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt, and Table 8.1 through Table 8.3 in this MD A. Advances Par balances decreased at September 30, 2024 to 106.7 billion, compared to 109.8 billion at December 31, 2023. Short-term fixed-rate advances decreased by 26.7 to 9.6 billion at September 30, 2024, down from 13.0 billion at December 31, 2023. ARC advances, which are adjustable-rate borrowings, increased by 17.6 to 41.9 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 35.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Given that advances are always well collateralized, a provision for credit losses was not necessary. We have no history of credit losses on advances. Long-term investment debt securities Long-term investment debt securities are designated as available-for-sale (AFS) or held-to-maturity (HTM). Our investment profile consists almost exclusively of GSE and Agency-issued (GSE-issued) securities. In the AFS portfolio, long-term investments of floating-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 356.8 million and 396.1 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Fixed-rate long-term investments in the AFS portfolio, comprised of fixed-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities, were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 8.3 billion and 7.5 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 State and local housing finance agency obligations, primarily New York and New Jersey, were carried as AFS securities at 1.2 billion at September 30, 2024, slightly lower than the balance at December 31, 2023. In the HTM portfolio, long-term investments were predominantly GSE-issued fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities and a portfolio of housing finance agency bonds. Fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities in the HTM portfolio were 11.1 billion and 11.7 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. No allowance for credit losses were deemed necessary for GSE-issued investments. Allowance for credit losses was 0.6 million on private-label MBS at September 30, 2024 and 0.5 million at December 31, 2023. In the HTM portfolio, State and local housing finance agency obligations were 0.2 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Allowance for credit losses on State and local housing finance agency obligations in the HTM portfolio was 0.1 million at September 30, 2024, slightly higher than the balance at December 31, 2023. Equity Investments We own grantor trusts that invest in highly-liquid registered mutual funds. Funds are classified as Equity Investments and were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 99.4 million at September 30, 2024 and 91.9 million at December 31, 2023. Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio Mortgage loans are investments in Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF) loans and Mortgage Asset Program (MAP) loans. As of March 31, 2021, the MAP mortgage loan program became our only active mortgage loan purchase program as we ceased to acquire mortgage loans through MPF. Unpaid principal balance of MPF loans stood at 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 106.9 million from the balance at December 31, 2023. Unpaid principal balance of MAP loans stood at 671.3 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 442.1 million at December 31, 2023. Historically, credit performance has been strong in the MPF and MAP portfolio and delinquencies have been low. Residential collateral values have remained stable in the New York and New Jersey sectors, the primary geographic concentration for our MPF and MAP portfolio, and historical loss experience remains very low. Serious delinquencies (typically 90 days or more) at September 30, 2024, were lower than December 31, 2023. Allowance for credit losses decreased to 2.6 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 3.3 million at December 31, 2023. Capital ratios Our capital position remains strong. Actual risk-based capital was 8.5 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 8.4 billion at December 31, 2023. Required risk-based capital was 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2023. To support 155.5 billion of total assets at September 30, 2024, the minimum required total capital was 6.2 billion or 4.0 of assets. Our actual regulatory risk-based capital was 8.5 billion, exceeding required total capital by 2.3 billion. These ratios have remained consistently above the required regulatory ratios through all periods in this report. Leverage At September 30, 2024 balance sheet leverage (based on U.S. GAAP) was 18.5 times shareholders equity compared to 19.2 times at December 31, 2023. Balance sheet leverage has generally remained steady over the last several years, although from time to time we have maintained excess liquidity in highly liquid investments, or cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) to meet unexpected member demand for funds. 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Financial Data (Unaudited). 

Statements of Condition September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 Investments (a) 45,758 50,430 49,326 46,359 39,955 Advances 106,435 114,363 107,164 108,890 101,488 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net (b) 2,308 2,227 2,191 2,180 2,165 Total assets 155,454 168,092 159,630 158,333 144,421 Deposits and borrowings 2,116 2,214 2,779 3,482 2,721 Consolidated obligations, net Bonds 92,468 95,174 92,534 97,569 96,374 Discount notes 51,341 60,758 54,881 47,907 36,397 Total consolidated obligations 143,809 155,932 147,415 145,476 132,771 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 6 6 7 7 7 AHP liability 207 211 201 187 171 Capital Capital stock 6,014 6,402 5,986 6,050 5,750 Retained earnings Unrestricted 1,309 1,309 1,310 1,277 1,291 Restricted 1,178 1,142 1,105 1,061 1,030 Total retained earnings 2,487 2,451 2,415 2,338 2,321 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (85) (103) (88) (143) (189) Total capital 8,416 8,750 8,313 8,245 7,882 Equity to asset ratio (c)(j) 5.41 5.21 5.21 5.21 5.46 Three months ended Nine months ended Statements of Condition September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, September 30, September 30, Averages (See note below; dollars in millions) 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2024 2023 Investments (a) 50,186 53,548 54,952 48,912 47,125 49,486 49,941 Advances 111,040 110,463 111,466 103,172 100,026 110,990 112,609 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net 2,273 2,209 2,188 2,173 2,150 2,224 2,124 Total assets 170,240 168,054 170,379 156,384 151,570 169,560 167,540 Interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings 2,302 2,460 2,703 3,311 3,044 2,487 2,976 Consolidated obligations, net Bonds 97,305 96,505 98,350 101,253 96,223 97,386 101,156 Discount notes 60,186 58,538 58,790 41,548 41,562 59,175 52,446 Total consolidated obligations 157,491 155,043 157,140 142,801 137,785 156,561 153,602 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 6 6 7 7 9 6 7 AHP liability 205 204 192 171 162 200 148 Capital Capital stock 6,240 6,229 6,171 5,821 5,777 6,214 6,307 Retained earnings Unrestricted 1,325 1,287 1,268 1,268 1,270 1,320 1,231 Restricted 1,154 1,118 1,078 1,042 1,007 1,117 966 Total retained earnings 2,479 2,405 2,346 2,310 2,277 2,437 2,197 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 81 (97) (132) (213) (147) (49) (145) Total capital 8,800 8,537 8,385 7,918 7,907 8,602 8,359 Note Average balance calculation. For most components of the average balances, a daily weighted average balance is calculated for the period. When daily weighted average balance information is not available, a simple monthly average balance is calculated. 

 60 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Results and Other Data Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions, except earnings and September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, September 30, September 30, September 30, dividends per share, and headcount) 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 2024 2023 Net income 183 182 220 155 182 585 596 Net interest income (d) 237 248 265 248 242 750 747 Dividends paid in cash (e) 148 146 143 138 143 437 371 AHP expense 20 20 25 17 20 65 66 Return on average equity (f)(g)(j) 8.29 8.54 10.58 7.76 9.13 9.09 9.54 Return on average assets (g)(j) 0.43 0.43 0.52 0.39 0.48 0.46 0.48 Other non-interest income (loss) 35 17 36 6 12 88 71 Operating expenses (h) 52 54 48 55 45 154 133 Finance Agency and Office of Finance expenses 5 6 5 5 5 16 15 Other expenses (k) 12 7 2 2 19 Total other expenses (k) 69 64 56 82 52 189 154 Operating expenses ratio (g)(i)(j) 0.12 0.13 0.11 0.14 0.12 0.12 0.11 Earnings per share 2.94 2.91 3.57 2.70 3.15 9.42 9.45 Dividends per share 2.36 2.36 2.46 2.39 2.12 7.18 5.92 Headcount (Full/part time) (l) 374 367 362 345 341 374 341 

 (a) Investments include trading securities, available-for-sale securities, held-to-maturity securities, grantor trusts owned by the FHLBNY, securities purchased under agreements to resell, federal funds, loans to other FHLBanks, and other interest-bearing deposits. (b) Allowances for credit losses were 2.6 million, 2.5 million, 2.9 million, 3.3 million, and 3.4 million for the periods ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2023, respectively. (c) Equity to asset ratio is Capital stock plus Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a percentage of Total assets. (d) Net interest income is before the provision for credit losses on mortgage loans. (e) Excludes dividends accrued to non-members classified as interest expense under the accounting standards for certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. (f) Return on average equity is Net income as a percentage of average Capital Stock plus average retained earnings and average Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). (g) Annualized. (h) Operating expenses include Compensation and Benefits. (i) Operating expenses as a percentage of Total average assets. (j) All percentage calculations are performed using amounts in thousands and may not agree if calculations are performed using amounts in millions. (k) Includes Operating expenses, Compensation and benefits, Finance Agency and Office of Finance expenses and Other expenses. (l) The Bank has been increasing headcount to enhance its infrastructure including risk management and technology . 

 61 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Condition Table 1.1 Statements of Condition Period-Over-Period Comparison 

Net change in Net change in (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 dollar amount percentage Assets Cash and due from banks 44,242 48,198 (3,956) (8.21) Interest-bearing deposits 2,800,000 1,945,000 855,000 43.96 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 5,170,000 7,820,000 (2,650,000) (33.89) Federal funds sold 9,275,000 9,640,000 (365,000) (3.79) Trading securities 7,291,545 5,886,421 1,405,124 23.87 Equity Investments 99,399 91,879 7,520 8.18 Available-for-sale securities 9,856,641 9,106,743 749,898 8.23 Held-to-maturity securities 11,265,100 11,869,328 (604,228) (5.09) Advances 106,434,889 108,890,128 (2,455,239) (2.25) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 2,307,846 2,179,766 128,080 5.88 Accrued interest receivable 612,321 581,608 30,713 5.28 Premises, software, and equipment 72,388 74,043 (1,655) (2.24) Operating lease right-of-use assets 50,834 54,862 (4,028) (7.34) Financing lease right-of-use assets 2,121 2,317 (196) (8.46) Derivative assets 157,326 125,202 32,124 25.66 Other assets 14,482 17,704 (3,222) (18.20) Total assets 155,454,134 158,333,199 (2,879,065) (1.82) Liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing demand 2,105,425 3,472,477 (1,367,052) (39.37) Non-interest-bearing demand 10,216 9,376 840 8.96 Total deposits 2,115,641 3,481,853 (1,366,212) (39.24) Consolidated obligations Bonds 92,467,852 97,569,062 (5,101,210) (5.23) Discount notes 51,341,435 47,906,908 3,434,527 7.17 Total consolidated obligations 143,809,287 145,475,970 (1,666,683) (1.15) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 6,140 7,219 (1,079) (14.95) Accrued interest payable 675,296 716,021 (40,725) (5.69) Affordable Housing Program 206,959 187,027 19,932 10.66 Derivative liabilities 13,753 12,409 1,344 10.83 Other liabilities 146,963 138,658 8,305 5.99 Operating lease liabilities 62,349 67,021 (4,672) (6.97) Financing lease liabilities 2,137 2,320 (183) (7.89) Total liabilities 147,038,525 150,088,498 (3,049,973) (2.03) Capital 8,415,609 8,244,701 170,908 2.07 Total liabilities and capital 155,454,134 158,333,199 (2,879,065) (1.82) Balance Sheet overview September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Total assets decreased to 155.5 billion at September 30, 2024 from 158.3 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 2.8 billion, or 1.8 . Cash at banks was 44.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 48.2 million at December 31, 2023. Money market investments decreased 2.1 billion at September 30, 2024 to 17.2 billion, as compared to 19.3 billion at December 31, 2023, but we continue to ensure an ample supply of funds to meet liquidity demands. Federal funds sold averaged 19.3 billion, 17.0 billion and 16.5 billion in the third quarter of 2024, the fourth quarter of 2023 and the third quarter of 2023, respectively. Resale agreements averaged 5.1 billion, 3.3 billion and 2.5 billion in the third quarter of 2024, the fourth quarter of 2023 and the third quarter of 2023, respectively. Money market investments also included interest-bearing deposits at highly-rated financial institutions. Balances were 2.8 billion and 1.9 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Advances Par balances decreased at September 30, 2024 to 106.7 billion, compared to 109.8 billion at December 31, 2023. Short-term fixed-rate advances decreased by 26.7 to 9.6 billion at September 30, 2024, down from 13.0 billion at December 31, 2023. ARC advances, which are adjustable-rate borrowings, increased by 17.6 to 41.9 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 35.7 billion at December 31, 2023. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 Long-term investment debt securities Long-term investment debt securities are designated as available-for-sale (AFS) or held-to-maturity (HTM). Our investment profile consists almost exclusively of GSE and Agency issued (GSE-issued) securities. In the AFS portfolio, long-term investments of floating-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 356.8 million at September 30, 2024 and 396.1 million at December 31, 2023. Fixed-rate long-term investments in the AFS portfolio, comprised of fixed-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities, were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 8.3 billion at September 30, 2024 and 7.5 billion at December 31, 2023. We acquired 0.3 billion (par) of floating-rate and 0.3 billion (par) of fixed-rate GSE-issued MBS in the first three quarters of 2024. State and local housing finance agency obligations, primarily New York and New Jersey, were carried as AFS securities at 1.2 billion at September 30, 2024, slightly lower than the balance at December 31, 2023. In the HTM portfolio, long-term investments were predominantly GSE-issued fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities and a small portfolio of housing finance agency bonds. Fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities in the HTM portfolio were 11.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and 11.7 billion at December 31, 2023. We acquired 0.2 billion (par) of floating-rate GSE-issued MBS in the first three quarters of 2024. State and local housing finance agency obligations, primarily New York and New Jersey, were carried as HTM securities at 0.2 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Trading securities (liquidity portfolio) The objective of the trading portfolio is to meet short-term contingency liquidity needs. During the current year period, we continued to invest in highly liquid U.S. Treasury securities. Trading investments are carried at fair value, with changes recorded through earnings. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, trading investments were 7.3 billion and 5.9 billion in U.S. Treasury securities. We will periodically evaluate our liquidity needs and may add to or dispose these liquidity investments as deemed prudent based on liquidity and market conditions. The Finance Agency prohibits speculative trading practices but allows permitted securities to be deemed held for liquidity if invested in a trading portfolio. Equity Investments We own grantor trusts that invest in highly-liquid registered mutual funds. Funds are classified as Equity Investments and were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 99.4 million at September 30, 2024 and 91.9 million at December 31, 2023. Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio Mortgage loans are investments in Mortgage Partnership Finance loans (MPF or MPF Program) and Mortgage Asset Program (MAP). Unpaid principal balance of MPF loans stood at 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 106.9 million from the balance at December 31, 2023. Loans are primarily fixed-rate, single-family mortgages acquired through the MPF Program. Unpaid principal balance of MAP loans stood at 671.3 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 229.1 million from the balance at December 31, 2023. Paydowns for the total portfolio for nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 135.1 million compared to 125.0 million for the same period in 2023. Acquisitions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 264.5 million compared to 188.9 million for the same period in 2023. Historically, credit performance has been strong and delinquency low. Loan origination by members and acceptable pricing are key factors that drive acquisitions. With interest rates remaining high, refinancing and home sales have declined, resulting in fewer MAP eligible loans are available for purchases from the members. Residential collateral values have remained stable in the New York and New Jersey sectors, the primary geographic concentration for our mortgage loan portfolio, and historical loss experience remains very low. Serious delinquencies (typically 90 days or more) at September 30, 2024 were lower than December 31, 2023. Allowance for credit losses decreased to 2.6 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 3.3 million at December 31, 2023. Capital ratios Our capital position remains strong. Actual risk-based capital was 8.5 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 8.4 billion at December 31, 2023. Required risk-based capital was 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2023. To support 155.5 billion of total assets at September 30, 2024, the minimum required total capital was 6.2 billion or 4.0 of assets. Our actual regulatory risk-based capital was 8.5 billion, exceeding required total capital by 2.3 billion. These ratios have remained consistently above the required regulatory ratios through all periods in this report. For more information, see financial statements, Note 14. Capital Stock, Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock and Restricted Retained Earnings. 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 Leverage At September 30, 2024, balance sheet leverage (based on U.S. GAAP) was 18.5 times shareholders equity compared to 19.2 times at December 31, 2023. Balance sheet leverage has generally remained steady over the last several years, although from time to time we have maintained excess liquidity in highly liquid investments, or cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) to meet unexpected member demand for funds. Increases or decreases in investments have a direct impact on leverage, but generally growth in or shrinkage of advances does not significantly impact balance sheet leverage under existing capital stock management practices. Members are required to purchase activity-based capital stock to support their borrowings from us, and when activity-based capital stock is in excess of the amount that is required to support advance borrowings, we redeem the excess capital stock immediately. Therefore, stockholders capital increases and decreases with members advance borrowings, and the capital to asset ratio remains relatively unchanged. Liquidity Our liquidity position remains strong, and in compliance with all regulatory requirements, and we do not foresee any changes to that position. In addition to the liquidity trading portfolio discussed previously, liquid assets at September 30, 2024 included 31.3 million as demand cash balances at the FRBNY, 14.4 billion in short-term and overnight investments in the federal funds and resale agreements, and 8.6 billion of high credit quality GSE-issued available-for-sale securities that are investment grade and readily marketable. We also have other regulatory liquidity measures in place, including deposit liquidity and operational liquidity, and other liquidity buffers. For more information about the Advisory Bulletin and our liquidity measures, see section Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt, and Table 8.1 through Table 8.3 in this MD A. Credit Risk Management Framework As part of an effort to evolve our Credit Risk Management Framework to better align it with the current regulatory environment, the FHLBNY is enhancing its credit oversight and credit rating methodology to assess the financial condition of member institutions. The Framework updates were initially implemented in the third quarter of 2024. The FHLBNY utilizes a new Credit Risk Rating Framework to conduct a comprehensive assessment of the financial condition of each member institution on a quarterly basis. The enhanced credit rating process employs a financial framework that assesses current regulatory financial statements as baseline, and then considers supplementary qualitative and quantitative information (e.g., call report ratios vs peers, regulatory exam results, changes in NRSRO ratings, media coverage, stock price, credit default swap spreads, deposit trends, management vacancies). The Framework considers these various factors to arrive at a final credit risk rating score that is representative of the credit risk profile of the member. Our approach to credit risk underwriting is also in alignment with the Federal Housing Finance Agency s observations contained in its November 2023 report entitled, FHLBank System at 100: Focusing on the Future (System at 100 Report) and feedback received from periodic discussions with our regulator. Appendix 5 of the System at 100 Report suggests there be an enhanced focus on a member s ability to repay its obligations in the ordinary course of business versus relying on collateral for supporting the extension of credit. Federal Housing Finance Agency Advisory Bulletin AB 2024-03, published September 27, 2024, also provides guidance concerning credit underwriting. This Framework will continue to be refined, and we will continue to monitor for regulatory guidance that may impact this Framework in the future. Advances Our primary business is making collateralized loans to members, referred to as advances. Generally, the growth or decline in advances is reflective of demand by members for both short-term liquidity and term funding. This demand is driven by economic factors such as availability of alternative funding sources that are more attractive, or by the interest rate environment and the outlook for the economy. Members may choose to prepay advances (which may generate prepayment fees) based on their expectations of interest rate changes and demand for liquidity. Advance volume is also influenced by merger activity, where members are either acquired by non-members or acquired by members of another FHLBank. When our members are acquired by members of another FHLBank or by non-members, these former members no longer qualify for membership, and we may not offer renewals or additional advances to the former members. If maturing advances are not replaced, it may have an impact on business volume. 

 64 

Table of Contents 
 Interest rate hedging and basis adjustments A significant percentage of fixed-rate, longer-term advances and all putable advances were designated under an ASC 815 fair value accounting hedge. From time to time, certain advances are hedged by interest rate swaps in economic hedges and the fair value option (FVO) is elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis for advances. Carrying values of advances outstanding were 106.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and 108.9 billion at December 31, 2023. Carrying values included cumulative hedging basis adjustment losses of 0.2 billion at September 30, 2024 and 0.9 billion at December 31, 2023. Table 2.1 Advance Trends Member demand for advance products Future demand from our members for advances is difficult to forecast as it is uncertain what the impact will be on our members businesses from multiple uncertainties, including supply of deposits and other funding to members businesses, risk of credit losses, and other potential disruptions to our members businesses. Our regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), has a tangible capital requirement for members that differs from their primary regulators definition. If a member has negative tangible capital, primarily as a result of negative fair value marks on investment securities held as Available for Sale due to a rise in interest rates, the Bank is not permitted to extend a new advance, unless the member s appropriate federal banking agency or state insurance regulator requests in writing that the Bank make such advance. Further, advance renewals to this member would be limited to a maximum term of 30 days; the 30-day renewals may continue unless we are directed in writing by the member s primary regulator to stop. At this time, only a few of our members may not be meeting the FHFA s tangible capital requirements. While this issue is not viewed as a material risk to the Bank, it is possible that the Bank may lose some advance business to other liquidity providers in cases where FHFA tangible capital violations occur or appear imminent. The Bank s business reputation with its members and our reputation as a reliable provider of liquidity with our members primary regulators may also be harmed. The Bank continues to monitor this situation, including the impact of rising interest rates on our members tangible capital and any future actions that the regulators may take. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 The FHFA in its FHLBank System at 100: Focusing on the Future report (System at 100 Report) released in November 2023 stated that the FHFA has communicated its expectation that the FHLBanks revisit their policies, procedures, and systems for evaluating the financial condition of members. The System at 100 Report and the FHFA s Advisory Bulletin AB 2024-03, published September 27, 2024, state that the FHLBanks must evaluate members financial condition and ability to repay advances and noted that while pledged collateral may protect an FHLBank against risk of loss, it only serves as a backup source of repayment if the member cannot repay the advance. The FHFA is initiating multiple actions to strengthen member risk management by the FHLBanks. The System at 100 Report and Advisory Bulletin 2024-03 emphasize that the FHLBanks are not lenders of last resort and need to coordinate with members primary regulators and the Federal Reserve Banks to facilitate the transition of troubled members to the Federal Reserve s discount window. These comments from the FHFA and potential related actions by policy makers or member regulators may cause financially healthy members to reduce their advances or amount of excess collateral pledged to the Bank. This may make it more difficult for the Bank to provide liquidity in support of members that are experiencing temporary liquidity difficulties. Advances Product Types The following table summarizes par values of advances by product type (dollars in thousands): Table 2.2 Advances by Product Type 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Percentage Percentage Amounts of Total Amounts of Total Adjustable Rate Credit - ARCs 41,942,000 39.31 35,663,390 32.49 Fixed Rate Advances 50,178,452 47.04 53,024,265 48.29 Short-Term Advances 9,562,481 8.96 13,049,894 11.89 Mortgage Matched Advances 405,797 0.38 421,544 0.38 Overnight Line of Credit (OLOC) Advances 1,604,782 1.50 4,516,962 4.11 All other categories 2,996,570 2.81 3,119,096 2.84 Total par value 106,690,082 100.00 109,795,151 100.00 Advance discounts (9,870) (7,878) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (245,323) (897,145) Total 106,434,889 108,890,128 Member Pledged Collateral Member borrowers are required to maintain an amount of eligible collateral that adequately secures their outstanding obligations with the FHLBNY. Eligible collateral includes: (1) one-to-four-family mortgages; (2) multi-family commercial real estate mortgages; (3) Treasury and U.S. government agency securities; (4) private-label commercial mortgage-backed securities; and (5) certain other collateral that is real estate-related, provided that such collateral has a readily ascertainable value, can be liquidated in due course, and the Bank has the ability to perfect its security interest. The FHLBNY also has a statutory lien priority with respect to certain member assets under the FHLBank Act as well as a claim on FHLBNY capital stock held by our members. The FHLBNY s loan and collateral agreements give the Bank security interest in assets held by borrowers that is sufficient to cover their obligations to the FHLBNY. FHLBNY may supplement this security interest by imposing additional collateral delivery requirements on our member borrowers based on the overall financial strength of the member. To ensure that the FHLBNY has sufficient collateral to cover credit extensions, the FHLBNY has established a Collateral Lendable Value methodology. This methodology ensures that the FHLBNY remains fully collateralized by establishing risk-based lendable values for each pledged collateral type. These lendable values are periodically reassessed to ensure that they are reflective of current market conditions. 

 66 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes pledged collateral (in thousands): Table 2.3 Collateral Supporting Indebtedness to Members 

Indebtedness Collateral (a) Other Total Securities and Advances (b) Obligations (c) Indebtedness Loans (d) Deposits (d) Total (d) September 30, 2024 106,690,082 20,716,433 127,406,515 365,598,330 72,603,087 438,201,417 December 31, 2023 109,795,151 20,939,733 130,734,884 358,853,921 70,552,994 429,406,915 

 (a) The level of over-collateralization is on an aggregate basis and may not necessarily be indicative of a similar level of over-collateralization on an individual member basis. At a minimum, each member pledged sufficient collateral to adequately secure the member s outstanding obligation with the FHLBNY. In addition, most members maintain an excess amount of pledged collateral with the FHLBNY to secure future liquidity needs. (b) Par value. (c) Standby financial letters of credit, derivatives, and members credit enhancement guarantee amount (MPFCE). (d) Estimated market value. The following table shows the breakdown of collateral pledged by members between those in the physical possession of the FHLBNY or its safekeeping agent, and those that were specifically listed (in thousands): Table 2.4 Location of Collateral Held 

Estimated Market Values Collateral in Total Physical Collateral Collateral Possession Specifically Listed Received September 30, 2024 74,067,139 364,134,278 438,201,417 December 31, 2023 71,812,944 357,593,971 429,406,915 Advances Interest Rate Terms The following table summarizes interest-rate payment terms for advances (dollars in thousands): Table 2.5 Advances by Interest-Rate Payment Terms 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Percentage Percentage Amount of Total Amount of Total Fixed-rate (a) 64,086,082 60.07 73,209,674 66.68 Variable-rate (b) 42,604,000 39.93 36,585,390 33.32 Variable-rate capped or floored (c) Overdrawn demand deposit accounts 87 Total par value 106,690,082 100.00 109,795,151 100.00 Advance discounts (9,870) (7,878) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (245,323) (897,145) Total 106,434,889 108,890,128 

 (a) Fixed-rate borrowings remained the largest category of advances borrowed by members and includes long-term and short-term fixed-rate advances. Long-term advances remain a small segment of the portfolio at September 30, 2024 , with only 3.7 of advances in the remaining maturity bucket of greater than 5 years (6.4 at December 31, 2023). For more information, see financial statements Note 9. Advances. 
 (b) Variable-rate advances are ARC advances, which historically have been indexed to LIBOR and now are indexed to SOFR-OIS, Federal Funds-OIS or other benchmark indices. The FHLBNY s larger members are generally borrowers of variable-rate advances. 
 (c) Category represents ARCs with options that cap increase or floor decrease in the benchmark index at predetermined strikes (We have also purchased cap/floor options that mirror the terms of the options embedded in the advances sold to members, offsetting our exposure on the advance). 

67 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes Redemption Term of advances (dollars in thousands): Table 2.6 Advances by Redemption Term 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Redemption Term (dollars in thousands) Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Fixed-rate Due in 1 year or less 36,050,719 33.79 42,366,512 38.59 (6,315,793) (14.91) Due after 1 year through 3 years 15,419,825 14.46 13,976,570 12.72 1,443,255 10.33 Due after 3 years through 5 years 8,129,061 7.62 9,536,618 8.69 (1,407,557) (14.76) Due after 5 years through 15 years 2,517,680 2.36 4,386,479 4.00 (1,868,799) (42.60) Thereafter NM Total principal amount 62,117,285 58.23 70,266,179 64.00 (8,148,894) (11.60) Fixed-rate, putable Due in 1 year or less NM Due after 1 year through 3 years 721,000 0.68 181,450 0.17 539,550 297.35 Due after 3 years through 5 years 432,000 0.40 738,000 0.67 (306,000) (41.46) Due after 5 years through 15 years 410,000 0.38 1,602,500 1.46 (1,192,500) (74.41) Thereafter NM Total principal amount 1,563,000 1.46 2,521,950 2.30 (958,950) (38.02) Variable-rate Due in 1 year or less 28,353,000 26.58 22,845,390 20.81 5,507,610 24.11 Due after 1 year through 3 years 10,750,000 10.07 8,727,000 7.95 2,023,000 23.18 Due after 3 years through 5 years 2,500,000 2.34 4,013,000 3.65 (1,513,000) (37.70) Due after 5 years through 15 years 1,000,000 0.94 1,000,000 0.91 Thereafter NM Total principal amount 42,603,000 39.93 36,585,390 33.32 6,017,610 16.45 Variable-rate, callable or prepayable (a) Due in 1 year or less 1,000 1,000 NM Due after 1 year through 3 years NM Due after 3 years through 5 years NM Due after 5 years through 15 years NM Thereafter NM Total principal amount 1,000 1,000 NM Other (b) Due in 1 year or less 77,567 0.07 76,940 0.07 627 0.81 Due after 1 year through 3 years 150,115 0.15 145,209 0.13 4,906 3.38 Due after 3 years through 5 years 175,366 0.16 195,459 0.18 (20,093) (10.28) Due after 5 years through 15 years 2,729 3,731 (1,002) (26.86) Thereafter 20 206 (187) (90.29) Total principal amount 405,797 0.38 421,545 0.38 (15,748) (3.74) Overdrawn and overnight deposit accounts 87 (87) (100.00) Total principal amount advances 106,690,082 100.00 109,795,151 100.00 (3,105,069) (2.83) Other adjustments, net (c) (255,193) (905,023) 649,830 Total advances 106,434,889 108,890,128 (2,455,239) 

 (a) Prepayable advances are those advances that may be contractually prepaid by the borrower on specified dates without incurring prepayment or termination fees. (b) Includes hybrid, fixed-rate amortizing/mortgage matched, convertible, fixed-rate callable or prepayable, and other advances. (c) Consists of hedging and fair value option valuation adjustments and unamortized premiums, discounts, and commitment fees. NM Not meaningful. Hedge volume We hedge putable advances and certain vanilla fixed-rate advances under the hedge accounting provisions when they qualify under those standards and as economic hedges when hedge effectiveness accounting provisions cannot be established. 

 68 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes advances hedged under ASC 815 qualifying hedge by type of structure (in thousands): Table 2.7 Hedged Advances by Type 

Par Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Qualifying hedges Fixed-rate bullets (a) 48,522,617 49,092,527 Fixed-rate putable (b) 1,563,000 2,521,950 Fixed-rate with embedded cap Total qualifying hedges 50,085,617 51,614,477 Aggregate par amount of advances hedged (c) 51,683,005 53,922,377 Fair value basis (hedging adjustments) (245,323) (897,145) 

 (a) Generally, fixed-rate medium- and longer-term advances are hedged to mitigate the risk in fixed-rate lending. (b) Putable advances are hedged by cancellable swaps, and the paired long put option mitigate the put option risks; in the hedge, fixed-rate cash flows are also synthetically converted to benchmark floating-rate. (c) Represents par values of advances in ASC 815 hedge relationships. Amounts do not include advances that were in ASC 815 hedges but have since been de-designated or advances that are in economic hedges (not qualifying as ASC 815 accounting hedge). Economic hedges of floating-rate advances From time to time, we issue floating-rate advances indexed to benchmark rates (Federal Funds-OIS and SOFR-OIS) and may then execute interest rate basis swaps that would synthetically convert the cash flows to the desired floating-rate cash flows indexed to another benchmark to meet our asset/liability funding strategies. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no basis swaps outstanding. The carrying value of the advances in the economic hedge would not include fair value basis since the advance is recorded at amortized cost. Putable Advances The following table summarizes par amounts of advances that were still putable or callable, with one or more pre-determined option exercise dates remaining (in thousands): Table 2.8 Putable and Callable Advances 

Advances Par Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Putable (a) 1,563,000 2,521,950 No-longer putable/callable 12,000 

 (a) Putable advances were typically long-term advances with one or more put options exercisable by the FHLBNY. Putable advances are hedged in an ASC 815 qualifying fair value hedge with mirror image terms, including mirror image put option terms . Investments We maintain long-term investment portfolios of debt securities, which are principally mortgage-backed securities issued by GSEs and U.S. Agency (GSE-issued). Investments include a small portfolio of MBS issued by private enterprises, and bonds issued by state or local housing finance agencies. We also maintain short-term investments for our liquidity resources, for funding daily stock repurchases and redemptions, for ensuring the availability of funds to meet the credit needs of our members, and to provide additional earnings. We also invest in a liquidity trading portfolio, the purpose of which is to augment our liquidity needs. Investments in the trading portfolio are typically U.S. Treasury securities, and from time to time we have also invested in GSE-issued securities, all carried at their fair values. The Finance Agency prohibits speculative investments but allows the designation of a trading portfolio for liquidity purposes. We may dispose of such investments if we do not need them for liquidity purposes and market conditions deem the sale as advantageous. We are subject to credit risk on our investments, generally transacted with GSEs and large financial institutions that are considered to be investment quality. The Finance Agency defines investment quality as a security with adequate financial backing so that full and timely payment of principal and interest on such security is expected and there is minimal risk that the timely payment of principal and interest would not occur because of adverse changes in economic and financial conditions during the projected life of the security. 

 69 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes changes in investments by categories: Interest-bearing deposits, Money market investments, Trading securities, Equity investments in Grantor trusts, Available-for-sale securities, and Held-to-maturity securities (Carrying values, dollars in thousands): Table 3.1 Investments by Categories 

September 30, December 31, Dollar Percentage 2024 2023 Variance Variance State and local housing finance agency obligations, net (a) Available-for-sale securities, at fair value 1,223,315 1,228,238 (4,923) (0.40) Held-to-maturity securities, at carrying value, net 162,149 166,062 (3,913) (2.36) Total HFA securities 1,385,464 1,394,300 (8,836) (0.63) Trading securities (b) 7,291,545 5,886,421 1,405,124 23.87 Mortgage-backed securities Available-for-sale securities, at fair value (c) 8,633,326 7,878,505 754,821 9.58 Held-to-maturity securities, at carrying value, net (c) 11,102,951 11,703,266 (600,315) (5.13) Total MBS securities 19,736,277 19,581,771 154,506 0.79 Equity investments in Grantor trusts (d) 99,399 91,879 7,520 8.18 Interest-bearing deposits 2,800,000 1,945,000 855,000 43.96 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 5,170,000 7,820,000 (2,650,000) (33.89) Federal funds sold 9,275,000 9,640,000 (365,000) (3.79) Total Investments 45,757,685 46,359,371 (601,686) (1.30) 

 (a) State and local housing finance agency bonds are designated as both AFS, carried at fair values and HTM, carried at carrying value. There were no acquisitions of State and local housing finance agency bonds for the nine months ending September 30, 2024 and paydowns were 3.9 million in the HTM portfolio and 3.0 million in the AFS portfolio for the same period. (b) Trading securities comprised of U.S. Treasury securities at September 30, 2024 and are carried at fair value. Trading portfolio is for liquidity and not for speculative purposes. We acquired 1.5 billion par of U.S. Treasury securities during the three quarters of 2024. (c) AFS securities outstanding were GSE and U.S. Agency issued MBS and carried at fair values. MBS in the HTM portfolio were predominantly GSE-issued. (d) Funds in the grantor trusts are designated as equity investments and are carried at fair value. Trust fund balances represent investments in registered fixed-income and equity mutual funds and money market funds. Funds are highly liquid and readily redeemable at their NAVs, which are the fair values of the investments. The funds are owned by the FHLBNY, and the intent is to utilize investments to fund current and potential future payment obligations of the non-qualified employee retirement plans. 

 70 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes our investment debt securities issuer concentration (dollars in thousands): Table 3.2 Investment Debt Securities Issuer Concentration 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Carrying value as Carrying value as Carrying (a) a Percentage Carrying (a) a Percentage Long Term Investment (c) Value Fair Value of Capital Value Fair Value of Capital MBS Fannie Mae 2,141,978 2,134,055 24.48 2,261,695 2,242,039 27.43 Freddie Mac 17,558,637 17,390,821 200.67 17,276,218 16,967,872 209.54 Ginnie Mae 5,994 5,994 0.07 6,563 6,563 0.08 All Others - PLMBS 29,668 32,102 0.34 37,295 40,199 0.45 Non-MBS, net (b) 1,385,464 1,373,493 15.83 1,394,300 1,381,971 16.91 Total Investment Debt Securities 21,121,741 20,936,465 241.39 20,976,071 20,638,644 254.41 Categorized as: Available-for-Sale Securities 9,856,641 9,856,641 9,106,743 9,106,743 Held-to-Maturity Securities, net 11,265,100 11,079,824 11,869,328 11,531,901 

 (a) Carrying values include fair values for AFS securities. (b) Non-MBS Includes Housing finance agency bonds. (c) Excludes Trading portfolio. The following tables summarize external rating information of the held-to-maturity portfolio (carrying values in thousands): Table 3.3 External Rating of the Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

September 30, 2024 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 114 11,074,306 18,917 1,137 8,477 11,102,951 State and local housing finance agency obligations 162,149 162,149 Total Long-term securities 114 11,236,455 18,917 1,137 8,477 11,265,100 

December 31, 2023 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 114 11,666,992 25,831 224 10,105 11,703,266 State and local housing finance agency obligations 166,062 166,062 Total Long-term securities 114 11,833,054 25,831 224 10,105 11,869,328 

 See footnotes (a) and (b) under Table 3.4. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables summarize external rating information of the AFS portfolio (the carrying values of AFS investments are at fair values; in thousands): Table 3.4 External Rating of the Available-for-Sale Portfolio 

September 30, 2024 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 8,633,326 8,633,326 State and local housing finance agency obligations 164,730 1,058,585 1,223,315 Total Long-term securities 164,730 9,691,911 9,856,641 

December 31, 2023 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 7,878,505 7,878,505 State and local housing finance agency obligations 168,025 1,060,213 1,228,238 Total Long-term securities 168,025 8,938,718 9,106,743 

 Footnotes to Table 3.3 and Table 3.4. (a) Certain PLMBS and housing finance bonds have been assigned AAA, based on the ratings by S P and Moody s. (b) We have assigned GSE-issued MBS a rating of AA+ based on the credit rating assigned to long-term senior debt issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and U.S. Agency. The debt ratings are based on S P s rating of AA+ for the GSE Senior long-term debt and AA+ for the debt issued by the U.S. government; Moody s debt rating is Aaa for the GSE Senior long-term debt and the U.S. government. External credit rating information has been provided in Table 3.3 and Table 3.4 as the information is used as another data point to supplement our credit quality indicators, and they serve as a useful indicator when analyzing the degree of credit risk to which we are exposed. Significant changes in credit ratings classifications of our investment debt securities portfolio could indicate increased credit risk for us that could be accompanied by a reduction in the fair values of our investment debt securities portfolio. Fair Value Levels of Investment Debt Securities To compute fair values, multiple vendor prices were received for substantially all of our MBS holdings, and substantially all of those prices fell within specified thresholds. The relative proximity of the prices received from the multiple vendors supported our conclusion that the final computed prices were reasonable estimates of fair values. GSE securities priced under such a valuation technique using the market approach are typically classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. The fair value of State and local housing finance agency obligations is estimated by management using information primarily from pricing services. Due to the current lack of significant market activity, their fair values were categorized as Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. For a comparison of carrying values and fair values of investment debt securities, see financial statements, Note 5. Trading securities, Note 7. Available-for-Sale Securities and Note 8. Held-to-Maturity Securities. For more information about the corroboration and other analytical procedures performed, see Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Also see Note 7. Available-for-sale securities for an explanation of amortized cost for securities hedged under ASC 815 fair value hedges. 

 72 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average rates Mortgage-backed securities (HTM and AFS) The following table summarizes weighted average rates (yields) and amortized cost by contractual maturities (dollars in thousands): Table 3.5 Mortgage-Backed Securities Weighted Average Rates by Contractual Maturities 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amortized Weighted Amortized Weighted Cost Average Rate (a) Cost Average Rate (a) Mortgage-backed securities Due in one year or less 768,503 3.10 536,177 3.32 Due after one year through five years 8,059,212 3.53 6,791,088 3.71 Due after five years through ten years 7,741,048 3.62 9,144,239 3.39 Due after ten years 3,287,654 5.33 3,318,297 5.35 Total Mortgage-backed securities 19,856,417 3.85 19,789,801 3.83 

 (a) Average yields are derived by dividing interest income by the average amortized cost balances of the related maturity bucket. A significant portion of the MBS portfolio consists of floating-rate securities and the weighted average rates will change in tandem with changes in the SOFR-OIS. Fair Value Hedges of Fixed-rate Available-for-sale Mortgage-backed Securities The adoption of ASU 2017-12 provided an alternative guidance in the application of partial-term hedging. The ASU also provided a new approach that allows entities to hedge only the benchmark rate instead of the entire coupon of a fixed-rate instrument in a fair value hedge. We have adopted the guidance in the ASU to hedge designated available-for-sale fixed-rate CMBS. The following table summarizes key data (in thousands): Table 3.6 Fair Value Hedges of Fixed-Rate Prepayable CMBS 

Fair Value Hedges of Fixed-Rate Prepayable CMBS September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current face value of hedged CMBS 7,289,756 6,720,604 Partial-term hedge face value of hedged CMBS 6,554,000 6,040,000 Cumulative basis adjustment gains (losses) (a) (363,951) (505,344) Interest rate swap contracts (par) 6,554,000 6,040,000 

 (a) Cumulative basis adjustment gains (losses) at September 30, 2024 includes immaterial balances of unamortized basis as a result of a hedge de-designation. Short-term investments We typically maintain substantial investments in high quality short- and intermediate-term financial instruments such as secured overnight transactions collateralized by securities, including unsecured overnight and term deposits and federal funds sold to highly-rated financial institutions who also satisfy other credit quality factors. These investments provide the liquidity necessary to meet members credit needs. Short-term investments also provide a flexible means of implementing the asset/liability management decisions to adjust liquidity. We also invest in a liquidity trading portfolio, consisting of U.S. Treasury securities, with the objective of satisfying our liquidity requirements and expanding our choice of investing for liquidity. Monitoring We actively monitor our credit exposures and the credit quality of our counterparties, including an assessment of each counterparty s financial performance, capital adequacy, and sovereign support as well as related market signals, and actively limit or suspend existing exposures, as appropriate. In addition, we are required to manage our unsecured portfolio subject to regulatory limits prescribed by our regulator, the Finance Agency. The Finance Agency regulations include limits on the amount of unsecured credit that may be extended to a counterparty or a group of affiliated counterparties, based upon a percentage of eligible regulatory capital and the counterparty s overall credit rating. Under these regulations, the level of eligible regulatory capital is determined as the lesser of our regulatory capital or the eligible amount of regulatory capital of the counterparty determined in accordance with Finance Agency regulations. 

 73 

Table of Contents 
 The Finance Agency regulations also permit us to extend additional unsecured credit, which could be comprised of overnight extensions and sales of federal funds subject to continuing contract. Our total unsecured overnight exposure to a single counterparty may not exceed twice the regulatory limit for term exposures. We are prohibited by Finance Agency regulation from investing in financial instruments issued by non-U.S. entities other than those issued by U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks, and we did not own any financial instruments issued by foreign sovereign governments, including those countries that are members of the European Union in any periods in this report. Securities purchased under agreements to resell As part of our banking activities with counterparties, we have entered into secured financing transactions that mature overnight and can be extended only at our discretion. These transactions involve the lending of cash against securities, which are accepted as collateral. The balance outstanding under such agreements were 5.2 billion at September 30, 2024 and 7.8 billion at December 31, 2023. Resale agreements averaged 5.1 billion and 3.3 billion in the third quarter of 2024, and the fourth quarter of 2023, respectively. For more information, see financial statements, Note 4. Interest-bearing Deposits, Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased under Agreements to Resell. Federal funds sold Federal funds sold was 9.3 billion at September 30, 2024, and 9.6 billion at December 31, 2023, and averaged 19.3 billion and 17.0 billion in the third quarter of 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2023, respectively. Investments represent unsecured lending to major banks and financial institutions. We are a major lender in this market, particularly in the overnight market. The amount of unsecured credit risk that may be extended to individual counterparties is commensurate with the counterparty s credit quality as assessed by our management, and the assessment would include reviews of credit ratings of counterparty s debt securities or deposits as reported by NRSROs. Overnight and short-term federal funds allow us to warehouse funds and provide balance sheet liquidity to meet unexpected member borrowing demands. The following table summarizes par value, amortized cost and the carrying value (fair value) of the trading portfolio (in thousands): Table 3.7 Trading Securities 

Trading Securities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Par value 7,620,925 6,325,925 Amortized cost 7,453,276 6,148,424 Carrying/Fair value 7,291,545 5,886,421 The Finance Agency prohibits speculative investments but allows permitted securities to be deemed held for liquidity if invested in a trading portfolio. We may dispose of such investments if we do not need them for liquidity purposes and market conditions deem the sale as advantageous. For more information about fair values of securities in the trading portfolio, see Note 5. Trading Securities in the Notes to the Financial Statements. The following table summarizes economic hedges of fixed-rate trading securities held for liquidity (in thousands): Table 3.8 Economic Hedges of Fixed-rate Liquidity Trading Securities 

Economic Hedges of Fixed-Rate Trading Securities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Par/Face amounts of portfolio of U.S. Treasury fixed-rate securities (a) 7,620,925 6,325,925 Par amounts of interest rate swaps 7,575,925 6,325,925 

 (a) Balances represent outstanding amounts of U.S. Treasury securities. 

 74 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio, Net Mortgage loans are carried in the Statements of Condition at amortized cost, less allowance for credit losses. The outstanding unpaid principal balance was 2.3 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 122.2 million (net of acquisitions and paydowns) from the balance at December 31, 2023. Mortgage loan balances increased due to an increase in acquisitions. During 2024, the Bank purchased 264.5 million of mortgage loans from members and paydowns were 135.1 million. Mortgage loans were investments in Mortgage Partnership Finance loans (MPF or MPF Program) and Mortgage Asset Program (MAP). Serious delinquencies at September 30, 2024 were lower than December 31, 2023. Allowance for credit losses was 2.6 million at September 30, 2024, and 3.3 million at December 31, 2023. Mortgage Asset Program The MAP program is a residential housing finance program in which the FHLBNY funds or purchases loans originated by members or affiliates. The FHLBNY offers the MAP as a secondary market outlet for its Participating Financial Institution (PFI) members to fund mortgages and be competitive in offering fixed-rate mortgage loan products. Mortgage Partnership Finance Program We invested in mortgage loans through the MPF Program, which is a secondary mortgage market structure under which eligible mortgage loans are purchased or funded from or through members who are Participating Financial Institution (PFI). We may also acquire MPF loans through participations with other FHLBanks. MPF loans are conforming conventional and government insured i.e., insured or guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) or the Rural Housing Service of the Department of Agriculture (RHS), fixed-rate mortgage loans secured primarily by single-family residential properties with maturities ranging from five to 30 years or participations in such mortgage loans. The FHLBank of Chicago (MPF Provider) developed the MPF Program in order to help fulfill the housing mission and to provide an additional source of liquidity to FHLBank members that choose to sell mortgage loans into the secondary market rather than holding them in their own portfolios. Finance Agency regulations define the acquisition of Acquired Member Assets (AMA) as a core mission activity of the FHLBanks. In order for MPF loans to meet the AMA requirements, the purchase and funding are structured so that the credit risk associated with MPF loans is shared with PFIs. Mortgage loans Conventional and Insured Loans The following table classifies mortgage loans between conventional loans and loans insured by FHA/VA (in thousands): Table 4.1 Mortgage Loans by Conventional and Insured Loans 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Federal Housing Administration and Veteran Administration insured loans 119,984 127,147 Conventional loans 2,190,453 2,055,920 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans (2,591) (3,301) Total mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net (a) 2,307,846 2,179,766 

 (a) Includes MAP portfolio balance of 685.6 million as of September 30, 2024 and 449.2 million as of December 31, 2023 which were not included in this table previously. Loan and PFI Concentration Loan concentration was in New York State, which is to be expected since many of the largest PFIs are located in New York. The tables below summarize concentrations Geographic and PFI. Table 4.2 Geographic Concentration of Mortgage Loans 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Number of loans Amounts outstanding Number of loans Amounts outstanding New York State 71.7 65.4 72.7 67.1 

 75 

Table of Contents 
 Table 4.3 Top Five Participating Financial Institutions Concentration (par value, dollars in thousands): 

September 30, 2024 Mortgage Percent of Total Loans Mortgage Loans Bethpage Federal Credit Union 188,794 8.31 Teachers Federal Credit Union 160,113 7.05 Flagstar Bank, N.A. 130,076 5.72 Watertown Savings Bank 124,834 5.49 Citizens Bank, N.A. (a) 111,226 4.89 All Others 1,557,564 68.54 Total (b) 2,272,607 100.00 December 31, 2023 Mortgage Percent of Total Loans Mortgage Loans Bethpage Federal Credit Union 174,018 8.09 Teachers Federal Credit Union 168,031 7.81 Watertown Savings Bank 127,205 5.92 Citizens Bank, N.A. (a) 119,874 5.57 Manasquan Bank 115,181 5.36 All Others 1,446,071 67.25 Total (b) 2,150,380 100.00 

 (a) FHLBNY member Investors Bank merged into a non-member institution, Citizens Bank, N.A., on April 7, 2022. As a result, Investors Bank is no longer a member of the FHLBNY. (b) Includes MPF unpaid principal balances of 1.6 billion as of September 30, 2024 and 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2023, and MAP unpaid principal balances of 0.7 billion as of September 30, 2024 and 0.4 billion as of December 31, 2023 . Debt Financing Activity and Consolidated Obligations Our primary source of funds continues to be the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes. In aggregate, carrying balances of CO bonds and CO discount notes were 143.8 billion and 145.5 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. CO bonds and CO discount notes The carrying value of Consolidated obligation bonds was 92.5 billion (par, 92.8 billion) at September 30, 2024, compared to 97.6 billion (par, 98.6 billion) at December 31, 2023. The carrying value of Consolidated obligation discount notes outstanding was 51.3 billion at September 30, 2024 and 47.9 billion at December 31, 2023. Interest rate hedging Significant amounts of CO bonds have been designated under an ASC 815 fair value accounting hedge. From time to time, certain CO bonds were hedged by interest rate swaps in economic hedges; additionally, we have also hedged the anticipatory issuance of fixed-rate CO bonds in a cash flow hedge under ASC 815. Certain CO bonds were elected under the FVO. As a result of hedging elections under ASC 815 and the elections under the FVO, carrying values of CO bonds included valuation basis adjustments. For more information about valuation basis adjustments on CO bonds, see Table 5.1 CO Bonds by Type. From time to time, we hedge CO discount notes (discount notes) under ASC 815 fair value accounting; additionally, certain discount notes are also hedged under ASC 815 cash flow accounting hedge. Certain discount notes were elected under the FVO. As a result of accounting elections, carrying values of discount notes may include valuation basis adjustments. For more information about valuation basis adjustments on discount notes, see Table 5.7 Discount Notes Outstanding. Also, see financial statements, Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities. Debt Ratings A FHLBank s ability to access the capital markets to issue debt, as well as our cost of funds, is dependent on credit ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations. Consolidated obligations of FHLBanks are rated Aaa/P-1 by Moody s, and AA+/A-1+ by S P. Any rating actions on the U.S. Government would likely result in all individual FHLBanks long-term deposit ratings and the FHLBank System long-term bond rating moving in lock-step with any U.S. sovereign rating action. 

 76 

Table of Contents 
 Joint and Several Liability Although we are primarily liable for our portion of Consolidated obligations (i.e. those issued on our behalf), we are also jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on the Consolidated obligations of all the FHLBanks. For more information, see financial statements, Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies. SOFR CO Bonds The FHLBNY is an active participant in the issuance of SOFR-linked CO bonds. Outstanding balances were 38.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and 26.3 billion at December 31, 2023. Consolidated obligation bonds The following table summarizes types of Consolidated obligation bonds (CO Bonds) issued and outstanding (dollars in thousands): Table 5.1 CO Bonds by Type 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Percentage Percentage Amount of Total Amount of Total Fixed-rate, non-callable 27,639,205 29.79 33,066,960 33.52 Fixed-rate, callable 24,254,130 26.14 35,735,130 36.23 Step Up, callable 2,698,000 2.91 3,473,000 3.52 Step Down, callable 52,000 0.06 52,000 0.05 Floating rate, callable 25,000 0.03 200,000 0.20 Single-index floating rate 38,104,000 41.07 26,118,500 26.48 Total par value 92,772,335 100.00 98,645,590 100.00 Bond premiums 68,177 81,218 Bond discounts (22,511) (24,665) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (a) (393,847) (1,126,343) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (b) 100,006 106,686 FVO (c) - valuation adjustments and accrued interest (56,308) (113,424) Total Consolidated obligation bonds 92,467,852 97,569,062 Fair value basis and valuation adjustments Key determinants are factors such as run-offs and new transactions designated under an ASC 815 hedge or elected under the FVO, the forward swap curve, the volatility of the swap rates, the remaining duration to maturity, and for bonds elected under the FVO, the changes in the spread between the swap rate and the Consolidated obligation debt yields, and changes in interest payable, which is a component of the entire fair value of FVO bonds. (a) Hedging valuation basis adjustments The reported carrying values of hedged CO bonds are adjusted for changes in their fair values (fair value basis adjustments or fair value) that are attributable to changes in the benchmark risk being hedged. Our primary benchmarks are SOFR-OIS and Federal Funds-OIS. In the hedging relationships, a benchmark is elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and becomes the discounting basis under ASC 815 for computing changes in fair values for hedged CO bonds. Table 5.2 CO Bonds Hedged under Qualifying Fair Value Hedges discloses notional amounts of CO bonds hedged. The application of ASC 815 accounting methodology resulted in the recognition of net cumulative hedge valuation basis gains of 0.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and 1.1 billion at December 31, 2023. Generally, hedge valuation basis gains and losses are unrealized and are expected to reverse to zero if the CO bonds are held to maturity or are called on the early option exercise dates. (b) Valuation basis of terminated hedges Represents unamortized cumulative valuation basis of certain CO bonds that were no longer in fair value hedge relationships. When hedging relationships for the debt were de-designated, the net unrealized cumulative losses at the hedge termination dates were no longer adjusted for changes in the benchmark rate. Instead, the valuation basis is being amortized on a level yield method, and the net amortization is recorded as a reduction of Interest expense. If the CO bonds are held to maturity, the basis losses will be fully amortized as interest expense. (c) FVO valuation adjustments Valuation basis adjustments and accrued interest payable are recorded to recognize changes in the entire fair value (the full fair value) of CO bonds elected under the FVO. Table 5.3 CO Bonds Elected under the Fair Value Option (FVO) discloses par amounts of CO bonds elected under the FVO. 

 77 

Table of Contents 
 We have elected the FVO on an instrument-by-instrument basis. For bonds elected under the FVO, it was not necessary to estimate changes attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, as we consider the credit worthiness of the FHLBanks to be secure and credit related adjustments unnecessary. More information about debt elected under the FVO is provided in financial statements, Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments (See Fair Value Option Disclosures). Hedge volume Tables 5.2 5.4 provide information with respect to par amounts of CO bonds based on accounting designation: (1) under hedge qualifying rules; (2) under the FVO; and (3) as an economic hedge. Qualifying hedges Generally, fixed-rate (bullet and callable) medium and long-term Consolidated obligation bonds are hedged in a Fair value ASC 815 qualifying hedge. The following table provides information on CO bonds in an ASC 815 qualifying hedge relationship (in thousands): Table 5.2 CO Bonds Hedged under Qualifying Fair Value Hedges 

Consolidated Obligation Bonds Par Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Qualifying hedges Fixed-rate bullet bonds 17,883,945 19,960,020 Fixed-rate callable bonds 23,732,130 37,173,130 41,616,075 57,133,150 CO bonds elected under the FVO If at inception of a hedge we do not believe that a hedge would be highly effective in offsetting fair value changes between the derivative and the debt (hedged item), we may designate the debt under the FVO. We would record fair value changes of the FVO debt through earnings, and to the extent the debt is economically hedged, record changes in the fair values of the interest rate swap through earnings. The recorded balance sheet value of debt under the FVO would include the fair value basis adjustments, so that the debt s balance sheet carrying values would be its full fair value. The following table provides information on CO bonds elected under the fair value option (in thousands): Table 5.3 CO Bonds Elected under the Fair Value Option (FVO) 

Consolidated Obligation Bonds Par Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Bonds designated under FVO 1,938,965 3,893,965 CO bonds elected under the FVO were generally in economic hedges by the execution of interest rate swaps that converted the fixed-rate bonds to a variable-rate instrument. We elected to account for the bonds under the FVO when we were generally unable to assert with confidence that the short- and intermediate-term bonds, or callable bonds, with short lock-out periods to the exercise of call options, would remain effective hedges as required under hedge accounting rules. We may also elect the FVO to achieve asset liability objectives. Designation of CO bonds under the FVO is an asset-liability management decision. For more information, see financial statements, Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Economic hedges of CO bonds From time to time, we issue floating-rate debt indexed to a benchmark rate (Federal Funds-OIS or SOFR-OIS and LIBOR previously) and may then execute interest rate swaps that would synthetically convert the cash flows to the desired floating-rate funding indexed to another benchmark to meet our asset/liability funding strategies. The carrying value of the debt would not include fair value basis since the debt is recorded at amortized cost. 

 78 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides information on CO bonds in an economic hedge relationship (in thousands): Table 5.4 Economic Hedges of CO Bonds (a) (data in table excludes CO bonds elected under the FVO) 

Consolidated Obligation Bonds Par Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Bonds designated as economically hedged Fixed-rate bonds (b) 1,885,000 1,460,000 

 (a) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no basis swaps outstanding. (b) Fixed-rate debt Bonds that were previously hedged and have fallen out of effectiveness. CO Bonds Maturity or Next Call Date (a) Callable bonds contain an exercise date or a series of exercise dates that may result in a shorter redemption period. The following table summarizes par amounts of Consolidated bonds outstanding by years to maturity or next call date (dollars in thousands): Table 5.5 CO Bonds Maturity or Next Call Date 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Percentage Percentage Amount of Total Amount of Total Year of maturity or next call date Due or callable in one year or less 62,774,095 67.65 77,561,045 78.63 Due or callable after one year through two years 18,559,425 20.01 9,312,850 9.44 Due or callable after two years through three years 5,024,465 5.42 5,131,155 5.20 Due or callable after three years through four years 2,289,890 2.47 1,676,385 1.70 Due or callable after four years through five years 2,112,565 2.28 2,450,705 2.48 Thereafter 2,011,895 2.17 2,513,450 2.55 Total par value 92,772,335 100.00 98,645,590 100.00 

 (a) Contrasting Consolidated obligation bonds by contractual maturity dates (see financial statements, Note 12. Consolidated Obligations Redemption Terms of Consolidated Obligation Bonds) with potential call dates (as reported in table above) illustrates the impact of hedging on the effective duration of the bond. With a callable bond, we have purchased the option to terminate debt at agreed upon dates from investors. The call options are exercisable as either a one-time option or quarterly. Our current practice is to exercise our option to call a bond when the swap counterparty exercises its option to call the cancellable swap hedging the callable bond. Thus, issuance of a callable bond with an associated callable swap significantly alters the contractual maturity characteristics of the original bond and introduces the possibility of an exercise call date that is significantly shorter than the contractual maturity. The following table summarizes callable bonds versus non-callable CO bonds outstanding (par amounts, in thousands): Table 5.6 Outstanding Callable CO Bonds versus Non-callable CO bonds 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Callable 27,029,130 39,460,130 Non-Callable 65,743,205 59,185,460 

 79 

Table of Contents 
 CO Discount Notes The following table summarizes discount notes issued and outstanding (dollars in thousands): Table 5.7 Discount Notes Outstanding 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Par value 51,936,133 48,657,920 Amortized cost 51,314,521 47,914,413 Hedge value basis adjustments (a) 27,238 (7,363) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (b) (324) (142) FVO (c) - valuation adjustments and remaining accretion Total Consolidated obligation discount notes 51,341,435 47,906,908 Weighted average interest rate 4.81 5.17 

 (a) Hedge value basis adjustments The reported carrying values of hedged CO discount notes are adjusted for changes in their fair values (fair value basis adjustments or fair value) that are attributable to changes in the benchmark risk being hedged. In the hedging relationships, a specific benchmark is elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and becomes the discounting basis under ASC 815 for computing changes in fair values for the hedged CO discount notes. Notional amounts of 45.3 billion and 43.4 billion were hedged under ASC 815 qualifying fair value hedges at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The application of ASC 815 accounting methodology resulted in immaterial amounts of net cumulative hedge valuation adjustments as noted in the table above. Generally, hedge valuation basis gains and losses are unrealized and are expected to reverse to zero if the CO discount notes are held to maturity. (b) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges Represents the unamortized balances of valuation basis of CO discount notes that were previously in a fair value hedging relationship. Generally, when a hedging relationship is de-designated, the valuation basis is no longer adjusted for changes in the valuation of the debt for changes in the benchmark rate; instead, the basis is amortized over the debt s remaining life, so that at maturity of the debt the unamortized basis is reversed to zero. (c) FVO valuation adjustments Valuation basis adjustments are recorded to recognize changes in the entire or full fair values including unaccreted discounts on CO discount notes elected under the FVO. Changes in benchmark interest rates, notional amounts of CO discount notes elected under FVO and remaining terms to maturity are factors that impact hedge valuation adjustments. There were no CO discount notes elected under the FVO at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The following table summarizes Fair Value hedges of discount notes (in thousands): Table 5.8 Fair Value Hedges of Discount Notes 

Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Principal Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Discount notes hedged under qualifying hedge 45,313,953 43,431,306 

 80 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes economic hedges of discount notes (in thousands): Table 5.9 Economic Hedges of Discount Notes 

Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Par Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Discount notes designated as economic hedges (a) 1,300,680 886,789 

 (a) Represents CO discount notes that were de-designated; unamortized hedge basis adjustments. The following table summarizes Cash flow hedges of discount notes (in thousands): Table 5.10 Cash Flow Hedges of Discount Notes 

Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Principal Amount September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Discount notes hedged under qualifying hedge (a) 1,608,000 1,608,000 

 (a) Amounts represent discounts notes issued in cash flow rollover hedge strategies that hedged the variability of 91-day discount notes issued in sequence. The maximum length of time over which we are hedging this exposure is 8 years. In this strategy, the discount note expense, which resets every 91 days, is synthetically converted to fixed cash flows over the hedge periods, thereby achieving hedge objectives. For more information, see financial statements, Cash flow hedge gains and losses in Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities . Discount Notes under the Fair Value Option (FVO) CO discount notes elected under the FVO were generally in economic hedges with the execution of interest rate swaps that converted the fixed-rate notes to variable-rate instruments. We elected to account for the discount notes under the FVO when we were generally unable to assert with confidence that the discount notes would remain effective hedges as required under hedge accounting rules. See Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. There were no CO discount notes elected under the FVO at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Accrued interest payable Accrued interest payable Amounts outstanding were 675.3 million at September 30, 2024 and 716.0 million at December 31, 2023. Accrued interest payable was comprised primarily of interest due and unpaid on CO bonds, which are generally payable on a semi-annual basis. Fluctuations in unpaid interest balances on bonds are due to the timing of semi-annual coupon accruals and payments at the balance sheet dates. 

 81 

Table of Contents 
 Other Liabilities Other liabilities Amounts outstanding were 147.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 138.7 million at December 31, 2023. Other liabilities comprised of unfunded pension liabilities, Federal Reserve pass-through reserves held on behalf of members, and miscellaneous payables. Stockholders Capital The following table summarizes the components of Stockholders capital (in thousands): Table 6.1 Stockholders Capital 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Capital Stock (a) 6,013,843 6,049,570 Unrestricted retained earnings (b) 1,308,787 1,276,583 Restricted retained earnings (c) 1,178,120 1,061,081 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (85,141) (142,533) Total Capital 8,415,609 8,244,701 

 (a) Stockholders Capital Capital stock decreased in line with the decrease in advances borrowed. When an advance matures or is prepaid, the excess capital stock is repurchased by the FHLBNY. When an advance is borrowed or a member joins the FHLBNY s membership, the member is required to purchase capital stock. (b) Unrestricted retained earnings Net income is added to this balance. Dividends are paid out of this balance. Funds are transferred to Restricted retained earnings balances as mandated by the FHLBank Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (Capital Agreement). (c) Restricted retained earnings Restricted retained earnings balance at September 30, 2024 has grown to 1.2 billion from the time the provisions were implemented in 2011 when the FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, agreed to set up a restricted retained earnings account. The FHLBNY will allocate at least 20 of its net income to the FHLBNY s Restricted retained earnings account until the balance of the account equals at least 1 of FHLBNY s average balance of outstanding Consolidated obligations for the current calendar quarter. By way of reference, the Restricted retained earnings target calculated at September 30, 2024 was 1.6 billion based on the FHLBNY s average consolidated obligations outstanding during the current calendar quarter, as compared to actual Restricted retained earnings of 1.2 billion at September 30, 2024. Also see Note 14. Capital Stock, Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock and Restricted Retained Earnings. The following table summarizes the components of AOCI (in thousands): Table 6.2 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (AOCI) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-credit portion on held-to-maturity securities, net (a) (616) (763) Net market value unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (b) (486,017) (713,284) Net Fair value hedging gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (b) 363,951 505,344 Net Cash flow hedging gains (losses) (c) 46,172 75,201 Employee supplemental retirement plans (d) (8,631) (9,031) Total Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (85,141) (142,533) 

 (a) Represents cumulative unamortized non-credit losses. Balances in AOCI have declined due to accretion recorded as a reduction in AOCI and a corresponding increase in the balance sheet carrying values of the impaired securities. (b) Net market value unrealized losses of 486.0 million at September 30, 2024 and net unrealized losses of 713.3 million at December 31, 2023, represented third-party pricing vendors market-based unrealized gains/losses of securities designated as AFS. At September 30, 2024, net unrealized gains of 364.0 million includes immaterial balances of unamortized basis as a result of a hedge de-designation and net unrealized gains of 505.3 million at December 31, 2023, represent changes in the benchmark rate (the risk being hedged) calculated by the Bank s internal models for AFS designated in ASC 815 hedging relationships. Hedging gains and losses are recorded through earnings with an offset to the carrying values of hedged AFS securities. Hedging basis will reverse to zero as hedges mature. 

 82 

Table of Contents 
 (c) Cash flow hedging gains (losses) recorded in AOCI were primarily the result of cash flow hedges of sequential issuance of discount notes; also included immaterial valuation basis of cash flow hedges of anticipatory issuance of CO bonds. See Table 6.3 AOCI Roll forward due to ASC 815 Hedging Programs. (d) Employee supplemental plans Balances represent actuarially determined supplemental pension and postretirement health benefit liabilities that were not recognized through earnings. The following table presents amounts recognized in and reclassified out of AOCI due to cash flow and fair value hedges (in thousands): Table 6.3 AOCI Roll forward due to ASC 815 Hedging Programs 

September 30, 2024 Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Hedges Rollover Hedge Anticipatory Program Hedge Program AFS Securities Beginning balance 76,473 (1,272) 505,344 Changes in fair values (a) (30,102) 363,951 Amount reclassified 862 Fair Value - closed contract 211 Ending balance 46,371 (199) 869,295 Notional amount of swaps outstanding 1,608,000 6,554,000 

December 31, 2023 Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Hedges Rollover Hedge Anticipatory Program Hedge Program AFS Securities Beginning balance 103,468 (1,268) 575,104 Changes in fair values (a) (26,995) 805 (69,760) Amount reclassified 1,248 Fair Value - closed contract (2,057) Ending balance 76,473 (1,272) 505,344 Notional amount of swaps outstanding 1,608,000 6,040,000 

September 30, 2023 Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Hedges Rollover Hedge Anticipatory Program Hedge Program AFS Securities Beginning balance 103,468 (1,268) 575,104 Changes in fair values (a) 20,958 799 235,626 Amount reclassified 931 Fair Value - closed contract (2,141) Ending balance 124,426 (1,679) 810,730 Notional amount of swaps outstanding 1,608,000 25,000 5,944,000 

 (a) Represents fair value changes of open swap contracts in cash flow hedges. For more information, see Financial Statements, Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities. Dividends By Finance Agency regulation, dividends may be paid out of current earnings or if certain conditions are met, may be paid out of previous retained earnings. We may be restricted from paying dividends if we do not comply with any of the Finance Agency s minimum capital requirements or if payment would cause us to fail to meet any of the minimum capital requirements, including our Retained earnings target as established by the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY. In addition, we may not pay dividends if any principal or interest due on any Consolidated obligations has not been paid in full, or if we fail to satisfy certain liquidity requirements under applicable Finance Agency regulations. None of these restrictions applied for any period presented. 

 83 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes dividends paid and payout ratios: Table 6.4 Dividends Paid and Payout Ratios 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash dividends paid per share 7.18 5.92 Dividends paid (a)(c) 435,954 371,116 Pay-out ratio (b) 74.50 62.25 

 (a) In thousands. (b) Dividend paid during the period divided by net income for the period. (c) Does not include dividends paid to non-members; for accounting purposes, such dividends are recorded as interest expense . Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Interest rate swaps, swaptions, cap and floor agreements (collectively, derivatives) enable us to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates by adjusting the effective maturity, repricing frequency, or option characteristics of financial instruments. To a limited extent, we also use interest rate swaps to hedge changes in interest rates prior to debt issuance and essentially lock in funding costs. Finance Agency regulations prohibit the speculative use of derivatives. For additional information about the methodologies adopted for the fair value measurement of derivatives, see financial statements, Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Derivatives Counterparty Credit Ratings For information, and an analysis of our exposure due to non-performance of swap counterparties, see Table Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Derivative Liabilities Net Presentation in Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities to financial statements. For information about the methodologies adopted for the fair value measurement of derivatives, see financial statements, Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. 

 84 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables summarize notional amounts and fair values for the FHLBNY s derivative exposures as represented by derivatives in fair value gain positions (in thousands): Table 7.1 Derivatives Counterparty Credit Ratings 

September 30, 2024 Net Derivatives Cash Collateral Non-Cash Collateral Net Credit Fair Value Pledged To (From) Balance Sheet Net Pledged To (From) Exposure to Credit Rating Notional Amount Before Collateral Counterparties (a) Credit Exposure Counterparties (b) Counterparties Non-member counterparties Asset positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A asset (c) 3,507,238 12,114 74,850 86,964 (78,157) 8,807 Cleared derivatives assets (d) 128,830,704 70,024 70,024 787,181 857,205 132,337,942 82,138 74,850 156,988 709,024 866,012 Liability positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Triple B liability (c) 4,150,000 (53,856) 54,120 264 264 Cleared derivatives liability (d) 814,031 32,768 32,768 4,964,031 (53,856) 54,120 264 32,768 33,032 Total derivative positions with non-member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 137,301,973 28,282 128,970 157,252 741,792 899,044 Delivery commitments Derivative position with delivery commitments 34,370 74 74 (74) Total derivative position with members 34,370 74 74 (74) Total 137,336,343 28,356 128,970 157,326 741,718 899,044 Derivative positions without credit exposure 33,954,630 Total notional 171,290,973 

December 31, 2023 Net Derivatives Cash Collateral Non-Cash Collateral Net Credit Fair Value Pledged To (From) Balance Sheet Net Pledged To (From) Exposure to Credit Rating Notional Amount Before Collateral Counterparties (a) Credit Exposure Counterparties (b) Counterparties Non-member counterparties Asset positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A asset (c) 154,557 7,954 (7,910) 44 44 Cleared derivatives assets (d) 135,237,220 15,183 15,183 768,486 783,669 135,391,777 23,137 (7,910) 15,227 768,486 783,713 Liability positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A liability (c) 12,902,000 (57,380) 167,200 109,820 (96,036) 13,784 Cleared derivatives liability (d) 820,145 26,362 26,362 13,722,145 (57,380) 167,200 109,820 (69,674) 40,146 Total derivative positions with non-member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 149,113,922 (34,243) 159,290 125,047 698,812 823,859 Delivery commitments Derivative position with delivery commitments 19,277 155 155 (155) Total derivative position with members 19,277 155 155 (155) Total 149,133,199 (34,088) 159,290 125,202 698,657 823,859 Derivative positions without credit exposure 45,293,590 Total notional 194,426,789 

 (a) When collateral is posted to counterparties in excess of fair value liabilities that are due to counterparties, the excess collateral is classified as a component of derivative assets, as the excess represents a receivable and an exposure for the FHLBNY. 

 85 

Table of Contents 
 (b) Non-cash collateral securities. Non-cash collateral was not deducted from net derivative assets on the balance sheet as control over the securities was not transferred. (c) NRSRO Ratings. (d) On cleared derivatives, we are required to pledge initial margin (considered as collateral) to Derivative Clearing Organizations (DCOs) in cash or securities. We had pledged 819.9 million and 794.8 million in marketable securities as collateral at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 we did not pledge cash as collateral. Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt Our primary source of liquidity is the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes. To refinance maturing Consolidated obligations, we rely on the willingness of our investors to purchase new issuances. We have access to the discount note market, and the efficiency of issuing discount notes is an important source of liquidity, since discount notes can be issued any time and in a variety of amounts and maturities. Member deposits and capital stock purchased by members are also sources of funds. Short-term unsecured borrowings from other FHLBanks and in the federal funds market, as well as secured borrowings in the repo market provide additional sources of liquidity. In addition, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to purchase up to 4.0 billion of Consolidated obligations from the FHLBanks. Our liquidity position remains in compliance with all regulatory requirements and management does not foresee any changes to that position. Finance Agency Regulations Liquidity Regulatory requirements are specified in 12 CFR Parts 1239, 1270 and 1277 of the Finance Agency regulations and Advisory Bulletin 2018-07. Each FHLBank shall at all times have at least an amount of liquidity equal to the current deposits received from its members that may be invested in: (1) Obligations of the United States; (2) Deposits in banks or trust companies; and (3) Advances with a remaining maturity not to exceed five years that are made to members in conformity with Part 1266. We are required to hold positive cash flow assuming no access to capital markets and assuming renewal of all maturing advances for a period of between ten to thirty calendar days and to maintain liquidity limits to reduce the risks associated with a mismatch in asset and liability maturities, including an undue reliance on short-term debt funding. In addition, the Bank provides for Contingency Liquidity, which is defined as the sources of cash the Bank may use to meet its operational requirements when its access to the capital markets is impeded. We met our Contingency Liquidity requirements during all periods in this report. Liquidity in excess of requirements is summarized in the table titled Contingency Liquidity. Liquidity Management We actively manage our liquidity position to maintain stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds while taking into account market conditions, member demand and the maturity profile of our assets and liabilities. We recognize that managing liquidity is critical to achieving our statutory mission of providing low-cost ready liquidity to our members. In managing liquidity risk, we are required to maintain certain liquidity measures in accordance with the FHLBank Act, an Advisory Bulletin and policies developed by management and approved by our Board of Directors. The applicable liquidity requirements are described in the next four sections. Deposit Liquidity . We are required to invest an aggregate amount at least equal to the amount of current deposits received from members in: (1) Obligations of the United States; (2) Deposits in banks or trust companies; or (3) Advances with a remaining maturity not to exceed five years that are made to members in conformity with 12 CFR Part 1266. In addition to accepting deposits from our members, we may accept deposits from other FHLBanks or from any other governmental instrumentality. We met these requirements at all times. Quarterly average reserves and actual reserves are summarized below (in millions): Table 8.1 Deposit Liquidity 

Average Deposit Average Actual For the Quarters Ended Reserve Required Deposit Liquidity Excess September 30, 2024 2,321 106,213 103,892 June 30, 2024 2,477 105,527 103,050 March 31, 2024 2,713 105,547 102,834 December 31, 2023 3,325 97,683 94,358 

 86 

Table of Contents 
 Operational Liquidity . We must be able to fund our activities as our balance sheet changes from day-to-day. We maintain the capacity to fund balance sheet growth through regular money market and capital market funding and investment activities. We monitor our operational liquidity needs by regularly comparing our demonstrated funding capacity with potential balance sheet growth. We take such actions as may be necessary to maintain adequate sources of funding for such growth. Operational liquidity is measured daily. We met these requirements at all times. The following table summarizes excess operational liquidity (in millions): Table 8.2 Operational Liquidity 

Average Balance Sheet Average Actual For the Quarters Ended Liquidity Requirement Operational Liquidity Excess September 30, 2024 11,823 47,820 35,997 June 30, 2024 13,530 45,928 32,398 March 31, 2024 17,106 48,313 31,207 December 31, 2023 17,595 44,202 26,607 Contingency Liquidity . The Bank holds contingency liquidity in an amount sufficient to meet our liquidity needs if we are unable to access the Consolidated obligation debt markets for at least five business days. Contingency liquidity includes: (1) marketable assets with a maturity of one year or less; (2) self-liquidating assets with a maturity of one year or less; (3) assets that are generally acceptable as collateral in the repurchase market; and (4) irrevocable lines of credit from financial institutions receiving not less than the second-highest credit rating from a NRSRO. We consistently exceed the minimum requirements for contingency liquidity. Contingency liquidity is measured daily. We met these requirements at all times. The following table summarizes excess contingency liquidity (in millions): Table 8.3 Contingency Liquidity 

Average Five Day Average Actual For the Quarters Ended Requirement Contingency Liquidity Excess September 30, 2024 3,194 43,027 39,833 June 30, 2024 2,552 42,439 39,887 March 31, 2024 2,372 46,494 44,122 December 31, 2023 1,560 43,257 41,697 The Liquidity standards in our risk management policy address our day-to-day operational and contingency liquidity needs. These standards enumerate the specific types of investments to be held to satisfy such liquidity needs and are outlined above. These standards also establish the methodology to be used in determining our operational and contingency needs. We continually monitor and project our cash needs, daily debt issuance capacity, and the amount and value of investments available for use in the market for repurchase agreements. We use this information to determine our liquidity needs and to develop appropriate liquidity plans. The Finance Agency s Liquidity Advisory Bulletin 2018-07 requires the Bank to maintain between 10 and 30 calendar days the Range of positive cash flow assuming all advances renew and to hold liquidity in a specified range of the notional of our outstanding standby financial letters of credit. The FHFA has periodically issued non-public supervisory letters that establish base case guidance within the Range. For three days during March 2023, we were in the lower part of the Range, temporarily below the FHFA s base case guidance, in order to meet significant member demand for advances resulting from the banking crisis, as permitted by the Advisory Bulletin. The Advisory Bulletin also provides guidance on maintaining appropriate funding gaps for three-month and one-year maturity horizons. We remained in compliance with the funding gaps provision and all Liquidity regulations. Other Liquidity Contingencies . As discussed more fully under the section Debt Financing Activity and Consolidated Obligations, we are primarily liable for Consolidated obligations issued on our behalf. We are also jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on the Consolidated obligations of all the FHLBanks. If the principal or interest on any Consolidated obligation issued on our behalf is not paid in full when due, we may not pay dividends, redeem or repurchase shares of stock of any member or non-member stockholder until the Finance Agency approves our Consolidated obligation payment plan or other remedy and until we pay all the interest or principal currently due on all our Consolidated obligations. The Finance Agency, at its discretion, may require any FHLBank to make principal or interest payments due on any Consolidated obligations. 

 87 

Table of Contents 
 Finance Agency regulations also state that the FHLBanks must maintain, free from any lien or pledge, the following types of assets in an amount at least equal to the amount of Consolidated obligations outstanding: Cash; Obligations of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States; Secured advances; Mortgages that have any guaranty, insurance, or commitment from the United States or any agency of the United States; and investments described in section 16(a) of the FHLBank Act, including securities that a fiduciary or trust fund may purchase under the laws of the state in which the FHLBank is located. Cash flows Cash and due from Banks was 44.2 million at September 30, 2024 and 46.6 million at September 30, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents exclude short-term interest-bearing deposits, federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell. The following discussion highlights the major activities and transactions that affected our cash flows. Cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities Operating assets and liabilities support our lending activities to members, and can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of cash flows, which are affected by member-driven borrowing, our investment strategies, and market conditions. Management believes cash flows from operations, available cash balances and our ability to generate cash through the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes are sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs. Operating activities resulted in 0.4 billion in net cash inflows in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash inflows of 1.2 billion in the same period in the prior year. Period changes in cash flows provided by or used in operating activities were largely driven by: (a) Net income was 585.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 596.2 million in the same period in the prior year; (b) Net cash outflows from Derivatives and hedging activities were 513.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash inflows of 377.4 million in the same period in the prior year; and (c) Negative adjustments to operating cash flows of 100.2 million to recognize unrealized valuation gains on U.S. Treasury securities at September 30, 2024, compared to positive adjustments of 37.8 million to recognize unrealized valuation losses on U.S. Treasury securities in the same period in the prior year. Cash flows provided by/(used in) investing activities Investing activities resulted in 4.3 billion in net cash inflows in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.0 billion in net cash inflows in the same period in the prior year. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired 1.5 billion in Treasury securities compared to 0.7 billion in the same period in the prior year. We did not make any repayments from Treasury securities compared to 2.6 billion in the same period in the prior year. Net cash inflows from Securities purchased under agreements to resell were net cash inflows of 2.7 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash inflows of 3.3 billion in the same period in the prior year. Cash flows provided by/(used in) financing activities Our primary source of funding is the issuance of Consolidated obligation debt. Issuance of capital stock is another source. Financing activities reported net cash outflows of 4.7 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash outflows of 14.1 billion in the same period in the prior year. For more information, see Statements of Cash Flows in the financial statements. Short-term Borrowings and Short-term Debt Our primary source of funds is the issuance of FHLBank debt. Consolidated obligation discount notes are issued with maturities up to one year and provide us with short-term funds. Discount notes are principally used in funding short-term advances, some long-term advances, as well as money market instruments. We also issue short-term Consolidated obligation bonds as part of our asset-liability management strategy. We may also borrow from another FHLBank, generally for a period of one day. Such borrowings have been historically insignificant. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Guarantees, and Other Commitments In accordance with regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, each FHLBank, including the FHLBNY, is jointly and severally liable for the FHLBank System s Consolidated obligations issued under sections 11(a) and 11(c) of the FHLBank Act. The joint and several liability regulations authorizes the Finance Agency to require any FHLBank to repay all or a portion of the principal or interest on Consolidated obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the FHLBNY engages in financial transactions that, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, are not recorded on the FHLBNY s balance sheet or may be recorded on the FHLBNY s balance sheet in amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the transactions. For example, the Bank routinely enters into commitments to purchase mortgage loans from PFIs, and issues standby letters of credit. 

 88 

Table of Contents 
 These commitments may represent future cash requirements of the Bank, although the standby letters of credit usually expire without being drawn upon. For more information about contractual obligations and commitments, see financial statements, Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies. Results of Operations The following section provides a comparative discussion of the FHLBNY s results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For a discussion of the critical accounting estimates used by the FHLBNY that affect the results of operations, see financial statements, Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Net Income Interest income from advances is the principal source of revenue. Other sources of revenue are interest income from investment debt securities, liquidity trading securities, mortgage loans in the MPF and MAP portfolio, securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold. Fair value gains and losses on liquidity trading securities and equity investments also impact Net income. The primary expense is interest paid on Consolidated obligation debt. Other expenses are primarily Compensation and benefits, Operating expenses, our share of operating expenses of the Office of Finance and the FHFA, voluntary contributions, and affordable housing program assessments on Net income. Other significant factors affecting our Net income include the volume and timing of investments in mortgage-backed securities, prepayments of advances, charges due to debt repurchased, gains and losses from derivatives and hedging activities, and earnings from investing our shareholders capital. Summarized below are the principal components of Net income (in thousands): Table 9.1 Principal Components of Net Income 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total interest income 2,316,637 2,030,727 6,916,029 6,264,083 Total interest expense 2,079,441 1,788,266 6,166,119 5,517,163 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 237,196 242,461 749,910 746,920 Provision (Reversal) for credit losses 88 (63) (673) 1,813 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 237,108 242,524 750,583 745,107 Total other income (loss) 35,117 11,720 88,229 70,680 Total other expenses 68,471 52,115 188,541 153,276 Income before assessments 203,754 202,129 650,271 662,511 Affordable Housing Program Assessments 20,391 20,235 65,074 66,297 Net income 183,363 181,894 585,197 596,214 Net Income 2024 Third Quarter Compared to 2023 Third Quarter Net income For the FHLBNY, Net income is Net interest income, minus Provision (Reversal) for credit losses, plus Other income (loss), less Other expenses and Assessments set aside for the FHLBNY s Affordable Housing Program. Net income for 2024 third quarter was 183.4 million, an increase of 1.5 million, or 0.8 compared to the same period in the prior year. Summarized below are the primary components of our Net income: Net interest income The 2024 third quarter Net interest income was 237.2 million, a decrease of 5.3 million, or 2.2 compared to the same period in the prior year. Net interest spread was 27 basis points for 2024 third quarter compared to 32 basis points in the same period in the prior year. For more information, see Table 9.2 Net Interest Income and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Provision (Reversal) for credit losses for 2024 third quarter was a provision of 88 thousand and compared to a recovery of 63 thousand for the same period in the prior year. 

 89 

Table of Contents 
 Other income (loss) Other income (loss) reported a gain of 35.1 million in the 2024 third quarter compared to a gain of 11.7 million in the same period in the prior year. Service fees and other were 5.7 million in the 2024 third quarter compared to 5.0 million reported in the same period in the prior year. Service fees and other are primarily fee revenues from financial letters of credit. Financial instruments carried at fair values reported net valuation losses of 39.0 million in 2024 third quarter compared to net losses of 18.1 million in the same period in the prior year. For more information, see financial statements, Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Also see Table 9.8 Other Income (Loss) and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Derivative activities reported net losses of 89.1 million in Other income in 2024 third quarter, compared to net gains of 79.3 million in the same period in the prior year. For more information, see Table 9.10 Other Income (Loss) Impact of Derivative Gains and Losses and accompanying discussions in this MD A. U.S. Treasury Securities held for liquidity (classified as trading) reported net fair value gains of 151.7 million in 2024 third quarter compared to net fair value losses of 51.7 million in the same period in the prior year. Equity Investments held to finance payments to retirees in a non-qualified pension plan, reported net fair value gains of 5.7 million in 2024 third quarter compared to net losses of 2.8 million in the same period in the prior year. Gains (losses) from extinguishment of debt reported de minimis gains from debt transfers (par amount 5.8 billion) to other FHLB in 2024 third quarter. Other expenses were 68.5 million in 2024 third quarter compared to 52.1 million in the same period in the prior year. Other expenses are primarily Operating expenses, Compensation and benefits, our share of expenses of the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and voluntary contributions. Operating expenses were 23.7 million in 2024 third quarter, up from 20.7 million in the same period in the prior year primarily due to investments in technology. Compensation and benefits expenses were 28.7 million in 2024 third quarter compared to 24.1 million in the same period in the prior year due to increase in headcount. The expenses allocated for our share of the costs to operate the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency were 5.5 million in 2024 third quarter compared to 5.1 million in the same period in the prior year. Other expenses were 10.6 million in the 2024 third quarter compared to 2.3 million in the same period in the prior year due to an 8.3 million increase in voluntary contributions. 
 Affordable Housing Program Assessments (AHP) allocated from Net income were 20.4 million in 2024 third quarter compared to 20.2 million in the same period in the prior year. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of Net income, and changes in allocations were in tandem with changes in Net income. Net Income Year-to-Date Period Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year-to-Date Period Ended September 30, 2023 Net income in the year-to-date period in the current year was 585.2 million, a decrease of 11.0 million, or 1.8 compared to the same period in the prior year. Net interest income in the year-to-date period in the current year was 749.9 million, an increase of 3.0 million, or 0.4 . Net interest spread was 30 basis points in the current year-to-date period and 34 basis points in the same period in the prior year. For more information, see Table 9.2 Net Interest Income and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Other income (loss) Other income (loss) in the year-to-date period ended September 30, was a gain of 88.2 million in the 2024 period compared to a gain of 70.7 million in the same period in the prior year. Other expenses were 188.5 million in the year-to-date period in the current year, compared to 153.3 million in the same period in the prior year. Operating expenses were 69.7 million in the year-to-date period in the current year and 57.4 million in the prior year period. Compensation and benefits were 84.1 million in the year-to-date period in the current year, up from 74.8 million in the prior year period due to an increase in headcount. The expenses allocated for our share of the costs to operate the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency were 16.1 million in the year-to-date period in the current year, compared to 15.2 million in the prior year period. Other expenses were 18.6 million in the year-to-date period in the current year and 5.8 million in the prior year period. Other expenses included voluntary contributions of 12.2 million, non-service elements of Net periodic pension benefit costs, and derivative clearing fees. 

 90 

Table of Contents 
 AHP assessments allocated from Net income were 65.1 million in the year-to-date period in the current year, compared to 66.3 million in the same period in the prior year. Net Interest Income, Interest Rate Margin and Interest Rate Spread Net interest income is our principal source of Net income. It represents the difference between income on interest-earning assets and expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in Net interest income are typically driven by changes in the volume of earning assets, as measured by average balances of earning assets, and the impact of market interest rates on earnings assets and funding costs. Interest income and expense accruals on interest rate swaps that qualified under the ASC 815 hedge accounting rules may impact year-over-year changes. Shareholders capital stock and retained earnings are also factors that impact net interest income as they provide interest free funding. Earnings on capital typically move directly with changes in short-term market interest rates. In a period when members prepay advances, the prepayment fees, which we receive may cause fluctuations in net interest income. For more information about factors that impact Interest income and Interest expense, see Table 9.3 Net Interest Adjustments from Qualifying Hedge Interest Rate Swaps and discussions thereto. Also, see Table 9.4 Spread and Yield Analysis, and Table 9.5 Rate and Volume Analysis. The following table summarizes Net interest income (dollars in thousands): Table 9.2 Net Interest Income 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Percentage Percentage 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Total interest income (a) 2,316,637 2,030,727 14.08 6,916,029 6,264,083 10.41 Total interest expense (a) 2,079,441 1,788,266 16.28 6,166,119 5,517,163 11.76 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 237,196 242,461 (2.17) 749,910 746,920 0.40 

 (a) Total Interest Income and Total Interest Expense See Tables 9.6 and 9.7 and accompanying discussions In the third quarter of the current year, Net interest income, before loan loss provisions, was 237.2 million, a decrease of 5.3 million, or 2.2 from the third quarter of 2023. This was primarily driven by a decrease in the net interest spread of 5 basis points. Net interest spread decreased to 27 basis points in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 32 basis points in the same period in 2023. The root cause driving the decrease in net interest spread is the higher cost of replaced funding. Prepayment fees of 1.1 million were recorded in Net interest income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 0.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. Members demand for advances continues to remain stable in the third quarter of 2024 as they experienced heightened deposit volatility, strong loan growth, and the need to enhance liquidity positions. Market interest rates positively impacted yields from advances, primarily on overnight and short-term advances and variable-rate advances that reset to higher rates. Net interest margin, a measure of margin efficiency, which is calculated as Net interest income divided by average earning assets, was 56 basis points in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 64 basis points in the prior year same period. Net interest spread in the third quarter of 2024 was 27 basis points, representing the yield from earning assets minus interest paid on costing liabilities, compared to 32 basis points in the prior year same period. Stockholders capital (as measured by average outstanding balance in the period), which is typically deployed to fund short-term interest-earning assets, was 8.7 billion in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 8.1 billion the third quarter of 2023. In the 2024 year-to-date period, Net interest margin was 59 basis points compared to 60 basis points from the same period in the prior year. Net interest spread in the 2024 year-to-date period was 30 basis points compared to 34 basis points in the same period in the prior year. Stockholders capital stock, which is typically deployed to fund short-term interest-earning assets, increased to 8.7 billion in 2024 year-to-date period from 8.5 billion in the same period in the prior year. 

 91 

Table of Contents 
 Swap interest settlement designated in ASC 815 hedging of assets and liabilities recorded net income of 0.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to net income of 21.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. In the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024, we recorded net income of 4.0 million to interest margin, compared to net income of 42.1 million in the same period in the prior year. Interest settlements are impacted by the net differential between fixed-rates associated with hedging swaps and the benchmark variable-rates associated with the swap s floating-leg. Net interest settlements on swaps hedging assets and liabilities under ASC 815 fluctuated as expected in line with changes in the benchmark rates; the hedging transactions achieved our interest rate risk management objectives. Impact of Qualifying Hedges on Net Interest Income Table 9.3 Net Interest Adjustments from Qualifying Hedge Interest Rate Swaps 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 2,052,960 1,698,401 6,073,682 5,354,397 Fair value hedging effects (3,481) 3,816 66 3,255 Amortization of basis adjustment 58 113 (10) Interest rate swap accruals 267,100 328,510 842,168 906,441 Reported interest income 2,316,637 2,030,727 6,916,029 6,264,083 Interest expense 1,811,632 1,477,036 5,328,957 4,656,640 Fair value hedging effects 1,607 5,122 926 (2,416) Amortization of basis adjustment (483) (944) (1,888) (1,423) Interest rate swap accruals 266,685 307,052 838,124 864,362 Reported interest expense 2,079,441 1,788,266 6,166,119 5,517,163 Net interest income 237,196 242,461 749,910 746,920 Net interest adjustment - interest rate swaps (4,132) 21,096 5,185 49,163 

 92 

Table of Contents 
 Spread and Yield Analysis 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods Table 9.4 Spread and Yield Analysis 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Interest Interest Average Income/ Average Income/ (Dollars in thousands) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Earning Assets: Advances 111,039,614 1,605,458 5.75 100,026,220 1,435,895 5.70 Interest bearing deposits and others 3,391,446 46,120 5.41 3,865,611 52,599 5.40 Federal funds sold and other overnight funds 24,445,217 329,331 5.36 18,953,315 253,299 5.30 Investments Trading securities 6,571,267 51,935 3.14 5,220,776 34,529 2.62 Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 14,834,827 164,018 4.40 14,420,250 152,200 4.19 Floating 5,039,305 77,517 6.12 4,468,939 65,240 5.79 State and local housing finance agency obligations 1,388,741 21,454 6.15 1,275,800 19,254 5.99 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 2,273,254 20,804 3.64 2,150,014 17,711 3.27 Loans to other FHLBanks NM NM Total interest-earning assets 168,983,671 2,316,637 5.45 150,380,925 2,030,727 5.36 Funded By: Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed 55,500,663 681,441 4.88 65,065,355 787,041 4.80 Floating 41,804,446 572,257 5.45 31,157,086 422,350 5.38 Consolidated obligation discount notes 60,186,382 795,458 5.26 41,562,101 538,808 5.14 Interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings 2,324,083 30,136 5.16 3,046,734 39,851 5.19 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 6,230 149 9.50 9,474 216 9.02 Total interest-bearing liabilities 159,821,804 2,079,441 5.18 140,840,750 1,788,266 5.04 Other non-interest-bearing funds 442,748 1,486,411 Capital 8,719,119 8,053,764 Total Funding 168,983,671 2,079,441 150,380,925 1,788,266 Net Interest Income/Spread 237,196 0.27 242,461 0.32 Net Interest Margin (Net interest income/Earning Assets) 0.56 0.64 

 93 

Table of Contents 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Interest Interest Average Income/ Average Income/ (Dollars in thousands) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Earning Assets: Advances 110,989,682 4,804,490 5.78 112,608,714 4,493,759 5.34 Interest bearing deposits and others 3,494,274 142,938 5.46 4,016,288 151,909 5.06 Federal funds sold and other overnight funds 24,534,752 990,999 5.40 22,866,417 854,974 5.00 Investments Trading securities 6,013,618 137,979 3.06 5,623,091 95,234 2.26 Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 14,677,096 479,704 4.37 13,902,840 418,777 4.03 Floating 5,161,196 236,134 6.11 3,491,789 143,928 5.51 State and local housing finance agency obligations 1,391,777 64,212 6.16 1,281,360 54,036 5.64 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 2,223,779 59,573 3.58 2,123,972 51,395 3.24 Loans to other FHLBanks NM 1,832 71 5.15 Total interest-earning assets 168,486,174 6,916,029 5.48 165,916,303 6,264,083 5.05 Funded By: Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed 60,771,984 2,238,159 4.92 59,536,426 2,003,557 4.50 Floating 36,614,127 1,499,814 5.47 41,619,771 1,555,745 5.00 Consolidated obligation discount notes 59,175,097 2,329,973 5.26 52,445,488 1,870,646 4.77 Interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings 2,503,718 97,708 5.21 2,975,068 86,756 3.90 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 6,428 465 9.65 7,237 459 8.48 Total interest-bearing liabilities 159,071,354 6,166,119 5.18 156,583,990 5,517,163 4.71 Other non-interest-bearing funds 763,842 828,703 Capital 8,650,978 8,503,610 Total Funding 168,486,174 6,166,119 165,916,303 5,517,163 Net Interest Income/Spread 749,910 0.30 746,920 0.34 Net Interest Margin (Net interest income/Earning Assets) 0.59 0.60 

 NM Not meaningful. (a) Reported yields with respect to advances and Consolidated obligations may not necessarily equal the coupons on the instruments as derivatives are extensively used to change the yield and optionality characteristics of the underlying hedged items. When we issue fixed-rate debt that is hedged with an interest rate swap, the hedge effectively converts the debt into a simple floating-rate bond. Similarly, we make fixed-rate advances to members and hedge the advances with a pay-fixed and receive-variable interest rate swap that effectively converts the fixed-rate asset to one that floats with the designated benchmark rate (Federal Funds-OIS or SOFR-OIS) in the hedging relationship. Average balance sheet information is presented, as it is more representative of activity throughout the periods presented. For most components of the average balances, a daily weighted average balance is calculated for the period. When daily weighted average balance information is not available, a simple monthly average balance is calculated. Average yields are derived by dividing income by the average balances of the related assets, and average costs are derived by dividing expenses by the average balances of the related liabilities. Yields and spreads are annualized . 

94 

Table of Contents 
 Rate and Volume Analysis 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods The Rate and Volume Analysis presents changes in interest income, interest expense and net interest income that are due to changes in both interest rates and the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and their impact on interest income and interest expense (in thousands): Table 9.5 Rate and Volume Analysis 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 Increase (Decrease) Volume Rate Total Interest Income Advances 159,167 10,396 169,563 Interest bearing deposits and others (6,448) (31) (6,479) Federal funds sold and other overnight funds 73,971 2,061 76,032 Investments Trading securities 9,925 7,481 17,406 Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 4,454 7,364 11,818 Floating 8,641 3,636 12,277 State and local housing finance agency obligations 1,736 464 2,200 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 1,054 2,039 3,093 Loans to other FHLBanks Total interest income 252,500 33,410 285,910 Interest Expense Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed (117,275) 11,675 (105,600) Floating 145,711 4,196 149,907 Consolidated obligation discount notes 245,954 10,696 256,650 Deposits and borrowings (9,534) (181) (9,715) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (77) 10 (67) Total interest expense 264,779 26,396 291,175 Changes in Net Interest Income (12,279) 7,014 (5,265) 

 95 

Table of Contents 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 Increase (Decrease) Volume Rate Total Interest Income Advances (65,403) 376,134 310,731 Interest bearing deposits and others (20,733) 11,762 (8,971) Federal funds sold and other overnight funds 64,763 71,262 136,025 Investments Trading securities 6,998 35,747 42,745 Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 24,107 36,820 60,927 Floating 74,963 17,243 92,206 State and local housing finance agency obligations 4,865 5,311 10,176 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 2,494 5,684 8,178 Loans to other FHLBanks (36) (35) (71) Total interest income 92,018 559,928 651,946 Interest Expense Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed 42,287 192,315 234,602 Floating (197,091) 141,160 (55,931) Consolidated obligation discount notes 253,815 205,512 459,327 Deposits and borrowings (15,780) 26,732 10,952 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (54) 60 6 Total interest expense 83,177 565,779 648,956 Changes in Net Interest Income 8,841 (5,851) 2,990 

 96 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Income Interest income from advances is our principal source of interest income. We also earn interest income from an asset mix of long-term assets, such as fixed-rate advances, long-term fixed- and floating-rate investments, long-term 15-year and 30-year mortgage loans, and revenues generated from portfolios of overnight and short-term assets and U.S. Treasury securities held for liquidity. Reported interest income also includes prepayments fees, primarily fees recorded when advances are prepaid ahead of their contractual maturities. The principal categories of Interest Income are summarized below (dollars in thousands): Table 9.6 Interest Income Principal Sources 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Percentage Percentage 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Interest Income Advances 1,605,458 1,435,895 11.81 4,804,490 4,493,759 6.91 Interest-bearing deposits 46,120 52,599 (12.32) 142,938 151,909 (5.91) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 68,593 32,518 110.94 206,021 203,435 1.27 Federal funds sold 260,738 220,781 18.10 784,978 651,539 20.48 Trading securities 51,935 34,529 50.41 137,979 95,234 44.88 Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 164,018 152,200 7.76 479,704 418,777 14.55 Floating 77,517 65,240 18.82 236,134 143,928 64.06 State and local housing finance agency obligations 21,454 19,254 11.43 64,212 54,036 18.83 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 20,804 17,711 17.46 59,573 51,395 15.91 Loans to other FHLBanks NM 71 (100.00) Total interest income 2,316,637 2,030,727 14.08 6,916,029 6,264,083 10.41 

 NM Not meaningful. Interest Income Interest income in the 2024 third quarter was 2.3 billion, an increase of 0.3 billion, or 14.1 compared to the same period in 2023. To provide context, interest expense increased by 16.3 compared to the same period in prior year. For the 2024 third quarter compared to the 2023 third quarter, the increase in interest revenue was due to a volume-related increase of 252.5 million and a rate-related increase of 33.4 million. Aggregate yield on earning assets in 2024 third quarter was 545 basis points, compared to 536 basis points in 2023 third quarter. Interest income in the 2024 year-to-date period was 6.9 billion, an increase of 0.7 billion, or 10.4 compared to the same period in the prior year. To provide context, interest expense increased by 11.8 compared to the year-to-date period in the prior year. Aggregate yield earned on earning assets in 2024 year-to-date period was 548 basis points, compared to 505 basis points in the same period in the prior year. The more significant revenue categories are discussed below. For information about the effects of changes in rates and business volume, see Table 9.4 Spread and Yield Analysis and Table 9.5 Rate and Volume analysis. Advance Interest income from advances increased by 0.2 billion in 2024 third quarter, compared to the same period in the prior year. Advances average balances were 111.0 billion in 2024 third quarter, compared to 100.0 billion in the 2023 third quarter. 

 97 

Table of Contents 
 As compared to the same period in the prior year, higher average advances balances in the 2024 third quarter resulted in a favorable impact of 159.2 million on interest income from advances, and higher market rates resulted in a favorable impact of 10.4 million, for a total increase period-over-period of 169.6 million in advances interest income. In summary, increasing market interest rates positively impacted yields from advances, primarily on overnight and short-term advances and variable-rate advances that reset to higher rates. Advances yielded 575 basis points in the 2024 third quarter, up from 570 basis points in the same period in the prior year. Prepayment fees recorded in Interest income from advances were 1.1 million in the 2024 third quarter, up from 0.7 million in the same period in the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, interest income from advances increased by 0.3 billion or 6.9 . Volume, as measured by average balances, decreased and interest rates increased in the current year period. Average transaction volume of advance business was 111.0 billion at an aggregate yield of 578 basis points in the 2024 period, compared to an average transaction volume of 112.6 billion at an aggregate yield of 534 basis points in the 2023 period. Liquidity Investments Money Market Investments and U.S. Treasury Securities We derive interest income from maintaining highly-liquid portfolios of investments to meet liquidity regulatory requirements. Higher interest income from overnight invested funds, specifically federal funds sold and repurchase agreements was due to increase in market yields in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Investments in federal funds and repurchase agreements yielded 536 basis points in aggregate in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 530 basis points in the same period in 2023. Interest income from fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities was 51.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, up from 34.5 million in the same period in 2023 due to increased interest rates; yields increased to 314 basis points, compared to 262 basis points in the third quarter of 2023. The liquidity trading portfolio is comprised primarily of medium-term, highly liquid fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities that are available to enhance and meet our liquidity objectives. Securities are not acquired for speculative purposes. On a year-to-date basis, interest income from overnight invested funds, specifically federal funds sold and repurchase agreements increased mainly due to higher interest rates. Investments in federal funds and repurchase agreements yielded 540 basis points in aggregate in the year-to-date period of 2024, compared to 500 basis points in the same period in 2023. Interest income from fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities was 138.0 million in the year-to-date period of 2024, up from 95.2 million in the same period in 2023 due to higher average invested balances; yields increased to 306 basis points, compared to 226 basis points in the year-to-date period of 2023. The earnings impact due to changes in market values of the securities outstanding (unrealized gains and losses) and realized gains and losses on securities sold are recorded in Other income (below the margin) and are noted in Table 9.9 Net Gains (Losses) on Trading Securities Recorded in the Statements of Income, and discussions thereto. Fixed-rate treasury securities are hedged under economic hedges utilizing swap contracts to synthetically convert fixed cash flows to variable cash flows. The interest settlements on the swaps and changes in the fair values of the swap contracts are recorded in Other income (below the margin); our accounting policies require us to record in Other income the cash flows and fair values on hedging that do not qualify under ASC 815 hedging (economic hedges). Mortgage-backed-securities Interest income from floating-rate MBS increased by 12.3 million or 18.8 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due primarily to higher interest rates. On a year-to-date basis, interest income from floating-rate MBS increased by 92.2 million or 64.1 in the current year compared to same period in the prior year. Interest income from fixed-rate MBS increased by 11.8 million or 7.8 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to an increase in invested balances and higher aggregate yield, which was 440 basis points in the third quarter of 2024, up from 419 basis points in the same period of the prior year. Transaction volume of fixed-rate MBS, as measured by average outstanding balance was 14.8 billion in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 14.4 billion in the same period of the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, interest income from fixed-rate MBS increased by 60.9 million or 14.6 in the current year compared to the same period in the prior year. In the third quarter of 2024, our purchases were fixed-rate commercial-mortgage backed securities (CMBS) and floating-rate residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS). We utilized the swap market to synthetically create variable-rate cash flows indexed to SOFR and Federal funds for a portion of our fixed-rate portfolio applying ASC 815 fair value accounting hedge treatment. The impact to interest income from changes in the ASC 815 hedging recorded a net gain of 45.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to a net gain of 38.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. On a year-to-date basis, interest income from changes in the ASC 815 hedging recorded a net gain of 127.4 million in the current year, compared to a net gain of 99.5 million in the same period in the prior year. 

 98 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio Interest income from mortgage loans was 20.8 million and 59.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.7 million and 51.4 in the same period in the prior year. Investment volume has increased, with acquisitions exceeding paydowns. MPF loans are primarily 15- and 30-year conventional loans. The portfolio averaged 2.3 billion, yielding 364 basis points in three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 327 basis points in the same period last year. On a year-to-date basis, the portfolio averaged 2.2 billion, yielding 358 basis points in the current year, compared to 324 basis points in the same period last year.We continue to see prepayments although the pace of which has slowed, causing accelerated amortization of premiums, specifically on 20-year and 30-year high-balance mortgage loans. Net amortization expense was 1.0 million and 2.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net amortization of 1.0 million and 2.8 million in the same period in the prior year. The Bank s portfolio is largely at a premium price and amortization is sensitive to changes in prepayment speeds particularly in a volatile interest rate environment. The Bank does not hedge mortgage loans in an ASC 815 hedge or an economic hedge. As noted in the audited financial statements under Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we implemented a new mortgage program, the Mortgage Asset Program (MAP) in late March 2021. At September 30, 2024, mortgage loans under MAP were 671.3 million (par amounts). Effective March 31, 2021, we ceased to accept mortgage commitments to purchase loans under the MPF program; the MAP became our alternative to MPF. The outstanding MPF portfolio will continue to be serviced and managed under its existing contractual agreements. Interest Expense Our primary source of funding is the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes to investors in the global debt markets issued through the Office of Finance, the FHLBank s fiscal agent. Consolidated obligation bonds are generally medium- and long-term bonds, while Consolidated obligation discount notes are short-term instruments. To fund our assets, our management considers our interest rate risk and liquidity requirements in conjunction with consolidated obligation buyers preferences and capital market conditions when determining the characteristics of debt to be issued. Typically, we have used fixed-rate callable and non-callable CO bonds to fund mortgage-related assets and advances. CO discount notes are generally issued to fund advances and investments with shorter interest rate reset characteristics. Changes in bond market rates, changes in intermediation volume (average interest-costing liabilities and interest-earning assets), the mix of debt issuances between CO bonds and CO discount notes, and the impact of hedging strategies are the primary factors that drive period-over-period changes in interest expense. Derivative strategies are used to manage the interest rate risk inherent in fixed-rate debt. We execute our strategies by converting the fixed-rate funding to floating-rate debt using swap contracts indexed to a risk-free benchmark interest rate. Our adopted hedging benchmarks are SOFR-OIS and Federal Funds-OIS. For ASC 815 qualifying hedges of debt, swap interest settlements and fair value gains and losses are recorded in interest expense together with the interest expense accrued on the hedged CO debt. The principal categories of Interest expense are summarized below (dollars in thousands): Table 9.7 Interest Expense Principal Categories 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Percentage Percentage 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Interest Expense Consolidated obligations bonds Fixed 681,441 787,041 (13.42) 2,238,159 2,003,557 11.71 Floating 572,257 422,350 35.49 1,499,814 1,555,745 (3.60) Consolidated obligations discount notes 795,458 538,808 47.63 2,329,973 1,870,646 24.55 Deposits 29,807 39,638 (24.80) 96,990 84,556 14.71 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 149 216 (31.02) 465 459 1.31 Cash collateral held and other borrowings 329 213 54.46 718 2,200 (67.36) Total interest expense 2,079,441 1,788,266 16.28 6,166,119 5,517,163 11.76 Interest expense for the 2024 third quarter was 2.1 billion, an increase of 16.3 compared to the 2023 third quarter. (As noted elsewhere in this document, interest income increased by 14.1 compared to the 2023 third quarter). 

 99 

Table of Contents 
 The increase in interest expense was driven by higher average balances in Consolidated obligations in the third quarter of 2024 coupled with higher funding rates as compared with the same period of 2023. Rate-related increase in funding expense was 26.4 million. Volume-related increase in funding expense was 264.8 million in the 2024 third quarter compared to the 2023 third quarter. Aggregate yield paid on total funding in 2024 third quarter was 518 basis points, compared to 504 basis points in the same period of the prior year. Interest expense in the 2024 year-to-date period was 6.2 billion, an increase of 0.6 billion or 11.8 compared to the same period in the prior year. To provide context, interest income increased by 0.7 billion or 10.4 compared to the year-to-date period in the prior year. We continue to make changes to our liability composition as compared to 2023. The usage of CO discount notes has increased to 35.6 in 2024 third quarter from 27.6 in the 2023 third quarter. In the 2024 year-to-date period, 36.1 of average earning assets were funded by fixed-rate CO bonds and 21.7 were funded by floating-rate CO bonds. In the same period in the prior year, fixed-rate CO bonds funded 35.9 of earning assets and floating-rate CO bonds funded 25.1 of earning assets. In the third quarter of 2024, 32.8 of average earning assets were funded by fixed-rate CO bonds and 24.7 were funded by floating-rate CO bonds. In the third quarter of 2023, fixed-rate CO bonds funded 43.3 of earning assets and floating-rate CO bonds funded 20.7 of earning assets. Hedging strategies under ASC 815 have remained effective and are operating as designed. For more information, see Table 9.3 Net Interest Adjustments from Qualifying Hedge Interest Rate Swaps. Allowance for Credit Losses 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods We recorded net provisions of 0.1 million and net reversals of 0.7 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net reversals of 0.1 million and net provisions of 1.5 million in the same period in the prior year against our mortgage loan portfolio. We also recorded net provisions of 13.0 thousand and 36.9 thousand in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net reversals of 0.9 thousand and net provisions of 297.4 thousand in the same period in the prior year against our investment portfolio. No allowance was necessary on advances, other assets, and commitments. Analysis of Non-Interest Income (Loss) 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods The principal components of Non-interest income (loss) are summarized below (in thousands): Table 9.8 Other Income (Loss) 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other income (loss) Service fees and other (a) 5,672 5,028 16,001 15,864 Instruments held under the fair value option gains (losses) (b) (38,994) (18,107) (66,316) (40,809) Derivative gains (losses) (c) (89,062) 79,318 27,049 127,409 Trading securities gains (losses) (d) 151,711 (51,695) 100,176 (37,803) Equity investments gains (losses) (e) 5,736 (2,824) 11,265 4,399 Litigation settlement 1,620 Gains (losses) from extinguishment of debt 54 54 Total other income (loss) 35,117 11,720 88,229 70,680 

 (a) Service fees and other, net Service fees are from providing correspondent banking services to members, primarily fees earned on standby financial letters of credit. Letters of credit are generally issued on behalf of members to units of state and local governments to collateralize their deposits at member banks. Fee income earned on financial letters of credit were 4.8 million in the third quarter of current year compared to 4.3 million in the same period in the prior year. In a year-to-date basis through September 30, Service fees earned on financial letters of credit were 14.2 million in the current year, compared to 13.0 million in the same period in the prior year.Immaterial amounts of fees paid, and other expenses were included in reported revenues. (b) FVO Instruments Net fair value gains and losses represented changes in fair values of CO bonds elected under the FVO. For more information, see Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments in this Form 10-Q . (c) See Table 9.10 Other Income (Loss) Impact of Derivative Gains and Losses. (d) See Table 9.9 Net Gains (Losses) on Trading Securities Recorded in the Statements of Income. 

 100 

Table of Contents 
 (e) Fair value gains (losses) on Equity investments The grantor trusts invest in money market, equity and fixed income and bond funds, and funds are classified as equity investments. Daily net asset values (NAVs) are readily available and investments are redeemable at short notice. NAVs are the fair values of the funds in the grantor trusts. Gains and losses are typically unrealized, and primarily represent changes in portfolio valuations. The grantor trusts are owned by the FHLBNY with the objective of providing liquidity to pay for pension benefits to retirees vested in retirement plans. The following table summarizes unrealized and realized gains (losses) in the trading portfolio (in thousands): Table 9.9 Net Gains (Losses) on Trading Securities Recorded in the Statements of Income 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net unrealized gains (losses) on trading securities held at period-end 151,711 (51,695) 100,273 (37,330) Net gains (losses) on trading securities sold/matured during the period (97) (473) Net gains (losses) on trading securities 151,711 (51,695) 100,176 (37,803) We have invested in short- and medium-term fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities. The securities are not held for speculative trading, rather held to satisfy liquidity requirements. Fluctuations in valuations are a factor of market demand and market yields of fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities. Securities classified as trading are carried at fair values. Changes in unrealized fair values and realized gains (losses) are recorded in the Statements of Income as Other income. FHFA regulations prohibit trading in or the speculative use of financial instruments. Par amounts of securities outstanding was 7.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and 6.3 billion at December 31, 2023. Other income (loss) Derivatives and Hedging Activities 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods For derivatives that are not designated in qualifying hedge relationship (i.e. in an economic hedge), the derivatives are considered as a standalone instrument and fair value changes are recorded in Other income (loss), without the offset of valuation of a hedged item. Gains and losses recorded in Other income (loss) on standalone derivatives include net interest accruals. The table presents fair value changes of derivatives in economic hedges (i.e. not in an ASC 815 qualifying hedge) in Other income (loss): Table 9.10 Other Income (Loss) Impact of Derivative Gains and Losses (in thousands) 

Impact on Other Income (Loss) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps (a) (153,129) 50,084 (93,728) 51,622 Caps or floors (163) 86 (197) (344) Mortgage delivery commitments 686 1,059 585 (1,828) Swaps economically hedging instruments designated under FVO (b) 39,284 17,854 65,441 36,146 Accrued interest on derivatives in economic hedging relationships (c) 24,068 8,564 53,230 37,924 Net gains (losses) related to derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (89,254) 77,647 25,331 123,520 Price alignment interest paid on variation margin 192 1,671 1,718 3,889 Net gains (losses) on derivatives and hedging activities (89,062) 79,318 27,049 127,409 Derivative gains and losses in the table above include both realized and unrealized fair value net gains and losses. Also includes swap interest settlements on derivatives designated as standalone hedging instruments. (a) Represents fair value changes recorded in Other income, primarily interest rate swaps in economic hedges of U.S. Treasury fixed-rate securities recorded fair value losses of 157.0 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to fair value gains of 47.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. In the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024, fair value losses of 97.7 million were recorded compared to fair value gains of 43.9 million in the same period in the prior year. The swaps are structured to mitigate the volatility of price changes of the liquidity portfolio of fixed-rate U.S. Treasury notes. (b) Represents fair value changes recorded in Other income on interest rate swaps hedging CO debt elected under the FVO. 

 101 

Table of Contents 
 (c) Represents impact to Other income due to net interest settlements on standalone swap contracts. Net interest settlements are the interest accruals on swaps primarily in economic hedges of U.S. Treasury securities, debt and advances, and economic hedges of instruments elected under the FVO. Operating Expenses, Compensation and Benefits, and Other Expenses 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods The following table sets forth the major categories of operating expenses (dollars in thousands): Table 9.11 Operating Expenses, and Compensation and Benefits 

Three months ended September 30, Percentage of Percentage of 2024 Total 2023 Total Operating Expenses (a)(f) Occupancy 2,709 11.45 2,323 11.23 Depreciation and leasehold amortization 3,772 15.94 4,625 22.36 All others (b) 17,184 72.61 13,740 66.41 Total Operating Expenses 23,665 100.00 20,688 100.00 Total Compensation and Benefits (e) 28,653 24,061 Finance Agency and Office of Finance (c) 5,544 5,116 Other expenses (d)(g) 10,609 2,250 

Nine months ended September 30, Percentage of Percentage of 2024 Total 2023 Total Operating Expenses (a)(f) Occupancy 7,129 10.23 6,960 12.12 Depreciation and leasehold amortization 12,265 17.60 13,908 24.22 All others (b) 50,303 72.17 36,545 63.66 Total Operating Expenses 69,697 100.00 57,413 100.00 Total Compensation and Benefits (e) 84,148 74,824 Finance Agency and Office of Finance (c) 16,127 15,195 Other expenses (d)(g) 18,569 5,844 

 (a) Operating expenses included the administrative and overhead costs of operating the FHLBNY, as well as the operating costs of providing advances and managing collateral associated with the advances, managing the investment portfolios, and providing correspondent banking services to members . (b) The category All others included temporary workers, computer service agreements, contractual services, professional and legal fees, audit fees, director fees and expenses, insurance, and telecommunications. (c) We are also assessed for our share of the operating expenses for the Finance Agency and the Office of Finance. The FHLBanks and two other GSEs share the entire cost of the Finance Agency. Expenses are allocated by the Finance Agency and the Office of Finance. (d) The category Other expenses included the non-service elements of Net periodic pension benefit costs, derivative clearing fees and voluntary contribution. (e) Compensation increased due to an increase in headcount. (f) Operating expense increased due to on going investments in technology. (g) Other expenses increased due to an increase in voluntary contributions. 

 102 

Table of Contents 
 Assessments 2024 Periods Compared to 2023 Periods For more information about assessments, see Affordable Housing Program and Other Mission Related Programs and Assessments under Part I Item 1 Business in the most recent Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 21, 2024. The following table provides roll forward information with respect to changes in Affordable Housing Program liabilities (in thousands): Table 10.1 Affordable Housing Program Liabilities 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance 210,721 158,749 187,027 131,394 Additions from current period s assessments 20,391 20,235 65,074 66,297 Net disbursements for grants and programs (24,153) (8,123) (45,142) (26,830) Ending balance 206,959 170,861 206,959 170,861 AHP assessments allocated from net income totaled 20.4 million in the third quarter of the current year, compared to 20.2 million for same period in the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, AHP assessments allocated from net income totaled 65.1 million for the current period and 66.3 million for the prior year period. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of Net income, and the changes in allocations were in tandem with changes in Net income. Legislative and Regulatory Developments Certain legislative and regulatory actions and developments are summarized in this section. [See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Legislative and Regulatory Developments in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and June 30,2024, for a description of certain legislative and regulatory developments that occurred prior to the publication of those reports.] Advisory Bulletin on FHLBank Member Credit Risk Management. On September 27, 2024, the Finance Agency issued an advisory bulletin setting forth the Finance Agency s expectations that an FHLBank s underwriting and credit decisions should reflect a member s financial condition and not rely solely on the collateral securing the member s credit obligations. The advisory bulletin provides guidance for the FHLBanks to implement policies for credit risk governance, member credit assessment and monitoring of credit conditions, among other considerations. It also provides guidance on the oversight of members in financial distress by recommending implementation of escalation policies, processes for coordination with members prudential regulators, and management policies addressing default, failure, and insolvency situations. While the Bank s recent enhancement to its credit risk framework, as previously disclosed in the Bank s June 30, 2024 Form 10-Q, already reflects much of the guidance set forth in the advisory bulletin, the Bank is evaluating whether the advisory bulletin will require any further enhancements to the Bank s member credit risk management policies and procedures. Additionally, the Bank is evaluating the extent to which this advisory bulletin will impact members eligibility to borrow from the Bank or reduce access to the Bank s advances, which, in turn, could negatively impact the Bank s financial condition, results of operations, and business operation. Advisory Bulletin on Federal Home Loan Bank System Climate-Related Risk Management. On September 30, 2024, the Finance Agency issued an advisory bulletin setting forth the FHFA s expectation that each FHLBank should integrate climate-related risk management into its existing enterprise risk management framework over time. The advisory bulletin provides that an effective framework should address climate-related risk governance, such as selection of the related risk appetite and setting strategy and objectives, establishing and implementing plans to mitigate and monitor and report material exposures to such risks, and establishing roles and responsibilities for the board of directors and management. The advisory bulletin requires the FHLBanks to establish metrics that track exposure to climate-related risks and collect related data to quantify risk exposures, conduct climate-related scenario analyses, implement processes to report and communicate climate-related risks to internal stakeholders, and have a plan to respond to natural disasters and support climate resiliency. The Bank is evaluating the potential impact of the advisory bulletin on the Bank and its operations. Some aspects of this advisory bulletin also apply to the Office of Finance, as relevant. 

 103 

Table of Contents 
 Proposed Rule on Unsecured Credit Limits for Federal Home Loan Banks. On October 3, 2024, the Finance Agency published a proposed rule with a comment deadline of December 2, 2024 to amend the Finance Agency s regulation on capital requirements Capital Regulation to modify unsecured credit limits for FHLBanks. The proposed rule would include interest bearing deposit accounts IBDAs in a category of authorized overnight investments that would be excluded from the general limit on unsecured credit to a single counterparty. IBDAs are non-maturity deposits in approved counterparties which may be used to manage liquidity. The proposed rule would, among other things, increase the frequency of the required performance of certain capital calculations and clarify that certain non-interest-bearing deposit accounts (such as settlement, payment or other transactional accounts) are to be considered unsecured extensions of credit subject to the Capital Regulation s unsecured general or overall (less restrictive) limit. Although excluding IBDAs from the general unsecured credit limit could provide greater flexibility for an FHLBank s liquidity management, several of the other proposed changes, if adopted, could result in significant changes to the Bank s current business processes. The Bank is evaluating the potential impact of the proposed rule on the Bank and its operations. Proposed Rule on Federal Home Loan Bank System Boards of Directors and Executive Management. On November 4, 2024, the Finance Agency published proposed revisions to its regulations addressing boards of directors and overall corporate governance of the FHLBanks and the Office of Finance. The comment deadline is February 3, 2025. If adopted as presented, the proposed rule would, among other things: (1) impact director compensation by allowing the Director of the Finance Agency to establish an annual amount of director compensation that the Director determines is reasonable; (2) require the Bank to complete and submit background checks to the Finance Agency on every nominee for a directorship; (3) impact public interest independent director qualifications, in part by requiring a person to have advocated for, or otherwise acted primarily on behalf of or for the direct benefit of, consumers or the community to meet the representation requirement; (4) expand the list of qualifying experiences for all Bank independent directors to include artificial intelligence, information technology and security, climate-related risk, Community Development Financial Institutions, business models, and modeling; and (5) establish a review process for director performance and participation, together with a process for removing Bank directors for cause. Other proposed revisions address, among other things, Bank conflicts of interest policies, covering all Bank employees, including specific limitations on executive officers and senior management and record retention. While some proposed revisions would codify existing guidance and practice, several of the proposed revisions could result in significant changes to the nomination, election and retention of the Bank s board of directors. Additional director eligibility requirements and limitations on and potential reductions or limitations to director compensation resulting from the proposed rule could hinder the Bank s ability to recruit and retain the talent and expertise that are critical to the Bank s ability to satisfy its mission, particularly given the growing complexities of the finance industry. We continue to analyze the impact that the proposed rule could have on us. 

 104 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Market Risk Management . Market risk or interest rate risk (IRR) is the risk of change to market value or future earnings due to a change in the interest rate environment. IRR arises from the Banks operation due to maturity mismatches between interest rate sensitive cash-flows of assets and liabilities. As the maturity mismatch increases so does the level of IRR. The Bank has opted to retain a modest level of IRR which allows for the preservation of capital value while generating steady and predictable income. Accordingly, the balance sheet consists of predominantly short-term instruments and assets and liabilities synthetically swapped to floating-rate indices. A conservative and limited maturity gap profile of asset and liability positions protect our capital from changes in value arising from a volatile interest rate environment. The desired risk profile is primarily affected by the use of interest rate exchange agreements (Swaps) which the Bank uses to match asset and liability index exposure. Historically the index concentration was 1- or 3-month LIBOR driven; however, with LIBOR cessation, SOFR has become the dominant index utilized by the Bank. Index matching allows for a relatively steady income that changes in concert with prevailing interest rate changes to maintain a spread to short-term rates. Although the Bank maintains a conservative IRR profile, income variability does arise from structural aspects in our portfolio including: embedded prepayment rights, basis risk on asset and liability positions, yield curve risk, liquidity risk and funding risk. These varied risks are controlled by monitoring IRR measures including repricing gaps, duration of equity (DOE), value at risk (VaR), net interest income (NII) at risk, key rate durations (KRD) and forecasted dividend rate sensitivities. Risk Measurements. Our Risk Management Policy assigns comprehensive risk limits which we calculate on a regular basis. The below limits were established in 2023 based on an anticipated market conditions and business strategy for 2024. The current risk limits are as follows: The option-adjusted DOE is limited to a range of +4.0 years to -5.0 years in the rates unchanged case, and to a range of +/-5.0 years in the +/-200bps shock cases. The one-year cumulative repricing gap is limited to 10 percent of total assets. The sensitivity of expected net interest income over a one-year period is limited to a -17.5 percent change under the +200bps shock compared to the rates in the forward rate scenario. The sensitivity of expected net interest income over a one-year period is limited to a -30 percent change under the -200bps shock compared to the rates in the forward rate scenario. This metric measures the Bank s sensitivity of earnings to changes in the level of rates along the yield curve and allowed for negative rates. The potential decline in the market value of equity (MVE) is limited to a 10 percent change under the +/-200bps shocks. KRD exposure at any of six term points 3-year and under (1 - month, 3-month, 6-month, 1-year, 2-year and 3-year) is limited to between +/-20 months through the 3-year term point and a cumulative limit of +/-30 months from the 5-year through 30-year term points specific to the investment portfolio. Both of these quarterly observations are well within their limits. Our portfolio, including derivatives, is tracked and the overall mismatch net of derivatives between assets and liabilities is summarized by using a DOE measure. Our last five quarterly DOE results are shown in years in the table below: 

Base Case DOE -200bps DOE -100bps DOE +200bps DOE September 30, 2024 0.43 0.25 0.34 0.78 June 30, 2024 0.36 0.15 0.25 0.91 March 31, 2024 0.52 0.31 0.39 1.13 December 31, 2023 0.19 (0.10) 0.01 0.88 September 30, 2023 0.37 (0.06) 0.14 1.03 Duration indicates any cumulative repricing/maturity imbalance in the portfolio s financial assets and liabilities. Duration of Equity (DOE) is the Market Value of Equity s (MVE) sensitivity to a change in the level of interest rates expressed in years. MVE is calculated as market value of assets minus market value of liabilities. A positive DOE indicates a decrease to MVE if interest rates go higher, a negative DOE indicates a decrease to MVE if interest rates go lower. We measure DOE using software that generates a full revaluation incorporating optionality within our portfolio using well-known and tested financial pricing theoretical models. The DOE calculation also incorporates non-interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities. 

 105 

Table of Contents 
 We do not solely rely on the DOE measure as a mismatch measure between assets and liabilities. We analyze open key rate duration exposure across maturity buckets while also performing a more traditional gap measure that subtracts repricing/maturing liabilities from repricing/maturing assets over time. We observe the differences over various horizons and have set a 10 percent limit on asset on cumulative repricing at the one-year point. This quarterly observation of the one-year cumulative repricing gap is provided in the table below and all values are below 10 percent of assets, well within the limit: 

One Year Re-pricing Gap September 30, 2024 8.299 Billion June 30, 2024 8.851 Billion March 31, 2024 7.334 Billion December 31, 2023 7.212 Billion September 30, 2023 7.505 Billion Our review of potential interest rate risk issues also includes the effect of changes in interest rates on expected net income. We project asset and liability volumes and spreads over a one-year horizon and then simulate expected income and expenses from those volumes and other inputs. The effects of changes in interest rates are generated to measure the Bank s net interest income sensitivity over the coming 12-month period. To measure the effect, a parallel shift of +200bps is calculated and compared against the forward rate scenario and subjected to a -17.5 percent limit. The sensitivity of expected net interest income over a one-year period is limited to a -30 percent change under the -200bps shock compared to the rates in the forward rate scenario. Given the higher rate environment, the Bank will be generating income sensitivity to larger down rate scenarios. 

Sensitivity in the Sensitivity in the Sensitivity in the -200bps Shock -100bps Shock +200bps Shock September 30, 2024 2.18 1.11 (2.66) June 30, 2024 (2.23) (1.12) (1.04) March 31, 2024 0.96 0.72 (4.65) December 31, 2023 (0.07) 0.24 0.78 September 30, 2023 2.14 1.12 (5.50) Aside from net interest income, the other significant impact on changes in the interest rate environment is the potential impact on the value of the portfolio. These calculated and quoted market values are estimated based upon their financial attributes (including optionality) and then re-estimated under the assumption that interest rates suddenly rise or fall by 200bps. The worst effect, whether it is the up or the down shock, is compared to the internal limit of 10 percent. The quarterly potential maximum decline in the MVE under these 200bps shocks is provided below: 

-200bps Change -100bps Change +200bps Change in MVE in MVE in MVE September 30, 2024 0.73 0.42 (1.10) June 30, 2024 0.41 0.26 (1.14) March 31, 2024 0.62 0.37 (1.43) December 31, 2023 (0.14) 0.00 (0.86) September 30, 2023 0.14 0.17 (1.35) As noted, the potential declines under these shocks are within our limits of a maximum 10 percent. 

 106 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables display the portfolio s maturity/ repricing gaps (in millions): 

Interest Rate Sensitivity September 30, 2024 More Than More Than More Than Six Months Six Months to One Year to Three Years to More Than or Less One Year Three Years Five Years Five Years Interest-earning assets: Non-MBS investments 18,793 151 452 340 1,239 MBS investments 5,598 456 2,675 4,421 7,076 Swaps hedging MBS 6,559 (50) (917) (5,592) Adjustable-rate loans and advances 53,905 10 Net investments, adjustable rate loans and advances 84,855 617 3,077 3,844 2,723 Liquidity trading portfolio 2,025 3,005 2,423 Swaps hedging investments 7,576 (2,020) (3,085) (2,471) Net liquidity trading portfolio 7,576 5 (80) (48) Fixed-rate loans and advances 20,148 4,704 16,301 8,709 2,913 Swaps hedging fixed-rate advances 31,694 (4,411) (15,910) (8,470) (2,903) Net fixed-rate loans and advances 51,842 293 391 239 10 Total interest-earning assets 144,273 915 3,388 4,035 2,733 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 2,105 Discount notes 47,363 3,951 Swaps hedging discount notes 2,134 (3,533) 763 469 167 Net discount notes 49,497 418 763 469 167 Consolidated Obligation Bonds FHLBank bonds 58,251 5,039 20,712 5,435 3,489 Swaps hedging bonds 26,065 (4,486) (18,194) (1,823) (1,562) Net FHLBank bonds 84,316 553 2,518 3,612 1,927 Total interest-bearing liabilities 135,918 971 3,281 4,081 2,094 Post hedge gaps (a) : Periodic gap 8,355 (56) 107 (46) 639 Cumulative gaps 8,355 8,299 8,406 8,360 8,999 

 107 

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Sensitivity December 31, 2023 More Than More Than More Than Six Months Six Months to One Year to Three Years to More Than or Less One Year Three Years Five Years Five Years Interest-earning assets: Non-MBS investments 20,941 124 423 323 1,208 MBS investments 5,429 663 2,399 3,436 8,373 Swaps hedging MBS 6,040 (50) (610) (5,380) Adjustable-rate loans and advances 36,586 Net investments, adjustable rate loans and advances 68,996 787 2,772 3,149 4,201 Liquidity trading portfolio 247 3,253 2,409 240 Swaps hedging investments 6,326 (250) (3,355) (2,471) (250) Net liquidity trading portfolio 6,326 (3) (102) (62) (10) Fixed-rate loans and advances 35,468 6,923 14,208 10,617 5,993 Swaps hedging fixed-rate advances 36,137 (6,112) (13,689) (10,351) (5,985) Net fixed-rate loans and advances 71,605 811 519 266 8 Total interest-earning assets 146,927 1,595 3,189 3,353 4,199 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 3,472 Discount notes 40,281 7,634 Swaps hedging discount notes 5,470 (6,988) 550 801 167 Net discount notes 45,751 646 550 801 167 Consolidated Obligation Bonds FHLBank bonds 44,716 18,298 23,340 8,744 3,718 Swaps hedging bonds 45,844 (17,417) (21,094) (5,441) (1,892) Net FHLBank bonds 90,560 881 2,246 3,303 1,826 Total interest-bearing liabilities 139,783 1,527 2,796 4,104 1,993 Post hedge gaps (a) : Periodic gap 7,144 68 393 (751) 2,206 Cumulative gaps 7,144 7,212 7,605 6,854 9,060 

 (a) Repricing gaps are estimated at the scheduled rate reset dates for floating rate instruments, and at maturity for fixed rate instruments. For callable instruments, the repricing period is estimated by the earlier of the estimated call date under the current interest rate environment or the instrument s contractual maturity. 

 108 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures An evaluation of the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act )) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Bank s President and Chief Executive Officer, Jos R. Gonz lez, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin M. Neylan, as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, they concluded that as of September 30, 2024, the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable level of assurance, in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports it files or submits under the Act is (i) accumulated and communicated to the Bank s management (including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) in a timely manner, and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Bank s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Act) during the Bank s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Bank s internal control over financial reporting. 

 109 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION. Item 1. Legal Proceedings The Bank is not aware of any legal proceedings that are expected to have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations or that are otherwise material to the Bank, and such risk factors are incorporated by reference herein. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of the FHLBNY s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and such risk factors are incorporated by reference herein. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Not applicable. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information . 

 110 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits . 

No. Exhibit Description Filed with this Form 10-Q Form Date Filed 3.01 Restated Organization Certificate of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Bank 8-K 12/1/2005 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Bank 8-K 8/18/2023 4.01 Amended and Restated Capital Plan of the Bank 8-K 6/24/2022 10.01 Agreement and General Release between the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and Mr. Edwin Artuz (a) 8-K 8/24/2024 31.01 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.02 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.01 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.02 Certification of Registrant s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X Notes : 

 Means that this exhibit is incorporated by reference from the named Form; the filing date of such named Form is listed in the next column. (a) This exhibit includes a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement required to be noted herein. 

 111 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (Registrant) /s/ Kevin M. Neylan Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (on behalf of the Registrant and as the Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 8, 2024 

 112 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 fhlbny-20240930xex31d01.htm
 EX-31.01

Exhibit 31.01 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the President and Chief Executive Officer I, Jos R. Gonz lez, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Jos R. Gonz lez Jos R. Gonz lez President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 fhlbny-20240930xex31d02.htm
 EX-31.02

Exhibit 31.02 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer I, Kevin M. Neylan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Kevin M. Neylan Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 fhlbny-20240930xex32d01.htm
 EX-32.01

Exhibit 32.01 Certification by the President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the quarterly report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jos R. Gonz lez, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Jos R. Gonz lez Jos R. Gonz lez President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 fhlbny-20240930xex32d02.htm
 EX-32.02

Exhibit 32.02 Certification by the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the quarterly report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kevin M. Neylan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all materials respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Kevin M. Neylan Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fhlbny-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fhlbny-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fhlbny-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fhlbny-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fhlbny-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

