<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_12927_0000012927-24-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11643916</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183014</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1991101</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4152398</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2738545</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2354034</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000012927-24-000082.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023124327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000012927-24-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOEING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000012927
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				910425694
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00442
		FILM NUMBER:		241388551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 LONG BRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7034146338

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 LONG BRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BOEING AIRPLANE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730725

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000012927-24-000082.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 ba-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ba-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 
 
 As of October 16, 2024, there were shares of common stock, 5.00 par value, issued and outstanding. 

THE BOEING COMPANY 
 FORM 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Part I. Financial Information (Unaudited) Page Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 6 
 Summary of Business Segment Data 
 8 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation 
 9 
 Note 2 - Spirit Acquisition 
 10 
 Note 3 - Earnings Per Share 
 11 
 Note 4 - Income Taxes 
 12 
 Note 5 - Allowance for Losses on Financial Assets 
 13 
 Note 6 - Inventories 
 14 
 Note 7 - Contracts with Customers 
 15 
 Note 8 - Financing Receivables and Operating Lease Equipment 
 15 
 Note 9 - Investments 
 17 
 Note 10 - Liabilities, Commitments Contingencies 
 17 
 Note 11 - Arrangements with Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
 22 
 Note 12 - Debt 
 22 
 Note 13 - Postretirement Plans 
 24 
 Note 14 - Share-Based Compensation and Other Compensation Arrangements 
 24 
 Note 15 - Shareholders' Equity 
 26 
 Note 16 - Derivative Financial Instruments 
 26 
 Note 17 - Fair Value Measurements 
 28 
 Note 18 - Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Note 19 - Segment and Revenue Information 
 31 
 N ote 20 - Subsequent Events 
 3 5 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 36 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 37 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Consolidated Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 39 
 Commercial Airplanes 
 46 
 Defense, Space Security 
 49 
 Global Services 
 52 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 53 
 Contingent Obligations 
 55 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 55 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 58 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 60 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 60 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 60 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 60 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 61 
 Signature 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales of products Sales of services Total revenues Cost of products ) ) ) ) Cost of services ) ) ) ) Total costs and expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Income/(loss) from operating investments, net ) General and administrative expense ) ) ) ) Research and development expense, net ) ) ) ) Gain on dispositions, net ) ) ) Other income, net Interest and debt expense ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit/(expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders Basic loss per share Diluted loss per share Weighted average diluted shares (millions) 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: 
 Currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain on certain investments, net of tax of , , and 
 Derivative instruments: Unrealized (losses)/gains arising during period, net of tax of , , and 
 ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net loss, net of tax of ), , and 
 Total unrealized gain/(loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits: Net actuarial (losses)/gains arising during the period, net of tax of , , and 
 ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses/(gains) included in net periodic benefit cost, net of tax of ), , and 
 ) ) Amortization of prior service credits included in net periodic benefit cost, net of tax of , , and 
 ) ) ) ) Pension and postretirement cost related to our equity method investments, net of tax of ), , and) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss related to noncontrolling interest 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders, net of tax 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) September 30 2024 December 31 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term and other investments Accounts receivable, net Unbilled receivables, net Current portion of financing receivables, net Inventories Other current assets, net Total current assets Financing receivables and operating lease equipment, net Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Goodwill Acquired intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Investments Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 Total assets Liabilities and equity Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Advances and progress billings Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Accrued retiree health care Accrued pension plan liability, net Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost and shares 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) Total equity ) ) Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 2024 2023 Cash flows operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used)/provided by operating activities: Non-cash items Share-based plans expense Treasury shares issued for 401(k) contribution Depreciation and amortization Investment/asset impairment charges, net Gain on dispositions, net ) ) 777X and 767 reach-forward losses ) Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Advances and progress billings Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Income taxes receivable, payable and deferred ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans ) ) Financing receivables and operating lease equipment, net Other Net cash (used)/provided by operating activities ) Cash flows investing activities: Payments to acquire property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Contributions to investments ) ) Proceeds from investments Supplier notes receivable ) ) Repayments on supplier notes receivable Net cash provided/(used) by investing activities ) Cash flows financing activities: New borrowings Debt repayments ) ) Stock options exercised 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements ) ) Other Net cash provided/(used) by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net decrease in cash cash equivalents, including restricted ) ) Cash cash equivalents, including restricted, at beginning of year Cash cash equivalents, including restricted, at end of period Less restricted cash cash equivalents, included in Investments Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Boeing shareholders (Dollars in millions) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non- controlling Interests Total Balance at January 1, 2023 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Treasury shares issued for stock options exercised, net 
 ) Treasury shares issued for other share-based plans, net 
 ) ) Treasury shares issued for 401(k) contribution Subsidiary shares purchased from noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other changes in noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at January 1, 2024 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax of 
 Share-based compensation Treasury shares issued for other share-based plans, net 
 ) ) Treasury shares issued for 401(k) contribution Other changes in noncontrolling interests Balance at September 30, 2024 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Boeing shareholders (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non- controlling Interests Total Balance at July 1, 2023 Net loss 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Treasury shares issued for stock options exercised, net 
 Treasury shares issued for other share-based plans, net 
 ) Treasury shares issued for 401(k) contribution Other changes in noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at July 1, 2024 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax of 
 Share-based compensation Treasury shares issued for other share-based plans, net ) Treasury shares issued for 401(k) contribution Balance at September 30, 2024 
 See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Defense, Space Security Global Services Unallocated items, eliminations and other ) ) ) ) Total revenues Loss from operations: Commercial Airplanes Defense, Space Security ) ) ) ) Global Services Segment operating loss ) ) ) ) Unallocated items, eliminations and other ) ) ) ) FAS/CAS service cost adjustment Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income, net Interest and debt expense ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit/(expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders 
 This information is an integral part of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 19 for further segment results. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts or as otherwise stated) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Note 1 
 billion. The cash outflow was primarily driven by our commercial airplane business. Commercial airplane cash outflows reflect slowed production and deliveries as a result of ongoing safety and quality improvement actions the Company is taking following the Alaska Airlines accident on January 5, 2024, as well as supply chain constraints. Additionally, the ongoing work stoppage initiated on September 13, 2024, by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 (IAM 751) has paused production of certain commercial aircraft models (737, 767, 777 and 777X aircraft) as well as production of commercial derivative aircraft for our Defense, Space Security business (KC-46A Tanker and P-8A Poseidon). The IAM 751 work stoppage is also significantly reducing aircraft deliveries and adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 At September 30, 2024, cash and short-term investments totaled billion. Our total debt balance was billion at September 30, 2024, up from billion at December 31, 2023. On May 1, 2024, we issued billion of fixed-rate senior notes. At September 30, 2024, we had billion of unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit line agreements. On May 15, 2024, we entered into a billion revolving credit agreement expiring in May 2029. Our billion revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2025 and billion revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2028 each remain in effect. We anticipate these credit lines will primarily serve as back-up liquidity to support our general borrowing needs. On October 14, 2024, we entered into a billion -day supplemental credit agreement (see Note 12 for additional information). We continue to be in full compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit facility agreements. 
 We continue to maintain investment grade credit ratings. Moody s downgraded our short term and long term credit ratings to Baa3/P-3 in April 2024. Moody's and S P placed our ratings on review for downgrade in September 2024 and October 2024, respectively. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and/or to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets, including further credit rating downgrades. At September 30, 2024, trade payables included billion payable to suppliers who have elected to participate in supply chain financing programs compared with billion at December 31, 2023. In future quarters, our suppliers' access to supply chain financing could be curtailed or more expensive if our credit ratings are further downgraded. 
 We are implementing actions to improve liquidity. We instituted temporary furloughs and hiring freezes across the Company for all levels and paused pay increases for executive and management promotions. We are reducing discretionary spending as well as reducing or deferring non-essential capital expenditures. We are also pausing the issuance of the majority of supplier purchase orders on the 737, 767, 777, and 777X programs due to IAM 751's ongoing work stoppage. In addition, on October 11, 2024, we announced that we plan to reduce the size of our total workforce by roughly percent. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of April 1, 2024, using a qualitative assessment. We determined the fair value of each of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values. Our Military Aircraft reporting unit within our Defense, Space Security (BDS) segment had goodwill of and a negative carrying value at September 30, 2024.) Increase to Loss from operations 
 Increase to Diluted loss per share 

Note 2 
 , or per share of Spirit Class A Common Stock. The transaction will include the assumption of Spirit's net debt at closing. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 and , calculated as divided by the volume weighted average share price of Boeing shares over the -trading-day period ending on the second trading day prior to the closing (subject to a floor of per share and a ceiling of per share). Spirit stockholders will receive Boeing shares for each of their Spirit shares if the volume-weighted average price is at or below , and Boeing shares for each of their Spirit shares if the volume-weighted average price is at or above per share. 
 Boeing's acquisition of Spirit will include substantially all Boeing-related commercial operations, as well as certain other operations. 
 Spirit has also entered into a binding term sheet with Airbus SE (Airbus) setting forth the terms upon which Airbus will, assuming the parties enter into definitive agreements and receive all required regulatory approvals, acquire certain commercial work packages that Spirit performs for Airbus concurrently with the closing of the Boeing-Spirit merger. In addition, Spirit is proposing to sell certain of its operations, including those in Belfast, Northern Ireland (non-Airbus operations); Prestwick, Scotland; Subang, Malaysia; Biddeford, Maine; and Woonsocket, Rhode Island. 
 The transaction is expected to close mid-2025 and is subject to the sale of the Spirit operations related to certain Airbus commercial work packages and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory and Spirit stockholder approvals. 
 The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights, including that either Boeing or Spirit may terminate the Merger Agreement if, subject to certain limitations, the transaction has not been consummated by March 31, 2025 (subject to automatic three-month extensions if on each such date all of the closing conditions except those relating to regulatory approvals have been satisfied or waived) (the Outside Date). Additionally, Spirit may terminate the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances to accept an unsolicited Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from a third party, and we may terminate the Merger Agreement if, before Spirit stockholder approval has been obtained, the Spirit Board of Directors changes its recommendation that Spirit s stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement. In addition, if either party breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants under the Merger Agreement such that the related conditions to the other party's obligation to consummate the Merger would not be satisfied, and such breach or failure is not curable by the Outside Date or, if curable by the Outside Date, has not been cured within days following notice thereof, such other party may terminate the Merger Agreement. 
 The Merger Agreement provides that Spirit will be required to pay Boeing a termination fee of if the Merger Agreement is terminated under specified circumstances in which the Spirit Board of Directors changes its recommendation that Spirit s stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement, Spirit terminates the Merger Agreement in order to accept a Superior Proposal as set forth in the Merger Agreement, or Spirit consummates a Qualifying Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement) following the termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 The Merger Agreement also provides that we will be required to pay Spirit a termination fee of if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Spirit or Boeing under certain specified circumstances as a result of the parties' failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals by the Outside Date or in the event that any law or order related to the required regulatory approvals or any applicable antitrust law or foreign investment law prohibits the consummation of the Merger. 
 
 Note 3 
 11 

Table of Contents Less: earnings available to participating securities Basic Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 Less: participating securities (1) 
 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Diluted Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 Less: participating securities (1) 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Net loss per share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Participating securities include certain instruments in our deferred compensation plan. 
 
 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were excluded from the computation of Diluted loss per share, because the effect would have been antidilutive as a result of incurring a net loss in those periods. 
 
 Note 4) , adjusted for discrete items. Our 2024 estimated annual effective tax rate is primarily driven by taxes on non-U.S. operations. The forecasted 2024 tax provision as estimated at September 30, 2024, remained relatively consistent with that estimated in the second quarter of 2024, despite increased forecasted pre- 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 and reflects additional tax benefits to adjust prior quarters' results to the annual effective tax rate. The effective tax rates were and ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had recorded valuation allowances of primarily for certain domestic deferred tax assets, and certain domestic net operating losses, tax credit and interest carryforwards. To measure the valuation allowance, the Company estimated in what year each of its deferred tax assets and liabilities would reverse using systematic and logical methods to estimate the reversal patterns. Based on these methods, deferred tax liabilities are assumed to reverse and generate taxable income over the next to years while deferred tax assets related to pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are assumed to reverse and generate tax deductions over the next to years. The valuation allowance results from not having sufficient income from deferred tax liability reversals in the appropriate future periods to support the realization of deferred tax assets. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we determined that earnings from our non-U.S. subsidiaries are no longer considered to be permanently reinvested. This resulted in a discrete income tax provision of for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Federal income tax audits have been settled for all years prior to 2021. The Internal Revenue Service is expected to begin the 2021-2023 federal tax audit in the third quarter of 2025. We are also subject to examination in major state and international jurisdictions for the 2010-2023 tax years. We believe appropriate provisions for all outstanding tax issues have been made for all jurisdictions and all open years. 
 
 Note 5) Changes in estimates ) ) ) Write-offs Recoveries Balance at September 30, 2023 
 Balance at January 1, 2024 Changes in estimates ) ) ) ) ) Write-offs Recoveries Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 
 Long-term contracts in progress Capitalized precontract costs (1) 
 Commercial spare parts, used aircraft, general stock materials and other 
 Total 
 (1) Capitalized precontract costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, included amounts related to T-7A Red Hawk Production Options, Commercial Crew, and KC-46A Tanker. See Note 10. 
 Commercial Aircraft Programs 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 737 program: deferred production costs of and and unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs of and . At September 30, 2024, of 737 deferred production costs, unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs are expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that have firm orders, and is expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that represent expected future orders. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 777X program: and of work in process (including deferred production costs of and and and of unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs. We expensed abnormal production costs of during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the 777X program resumed production, and as a result, there were abnormal production costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the third quarter of 2024, we determined that estimated costs to complete the 777X program plus the costs already included in 777X inventory exceed estimated revenues from the program. The resulting reach-forward loss of was recorded as a reduction of deferred production costs. The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include aircraft certification requirements and timing, change incorporation on completed aircraft, production disruption due to labor instability (including the ongoing work stoppage) and supply chain disruption, customer delivery timing and negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, and contraction of the accounting quantity. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses in future periods. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, commercial aircraft programs inventory included the following amounts related to the 787 program: deferred production costs of and , supplier advances of and , and unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs of and . At September 30, 2024, of 787 deferred production costs, unamortized tooling and other non-recurring costs are expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that have firm orders, and is expected to be recovered from units included in the program accounting quantity that represent expected future orders. We expensed abnormal production costs of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Commercial aircraft programs inventory included amounts credited in cash or other consideration (early issue sales consideration) to airline customers totaling and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7 
 at December 31, 2023, to at September 30, 2024, primarily driven by revenue recognized at BDS in excess of billings. 
 Advances and progress billings increased from at December 31, 2023, to at September 30, 2024, primarily driven by advances on orders received at Commercial Airplanes (BCA). 
 and . Revenues recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, from amounts recorded as Advances and progress billings at the beginning of each year were and . 
 
 Note 8 
 Notes Total financing receivables 
 Less allowance for losses on receivables Financing receivables, net Operating lease equipment, at cost, less accumulated depreciation of and 
 Total 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 to years, and include of Investment in sales-type leases, net of allowances, that will be repaid in or less. Financing arrangements may include options to extend or terminate. Certain leases include provisions to allow the lessee to purchase the underlying aircraft at a specified price. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were determined to be uncollectible financing receivables and placed on non-accrual status. The allowance for losses on financing receivables decreased primarily due to cash collections during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Unearned income ) ) Net lease payments receivable Unguaranteed residual assets Total 
 Financing interest income recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and . Financing interest income recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and . 
 B CCC Total carrying value of financing receivables 
 At September 30, 2024, our allowance for losses related to receivables with ratings of CCC, B and BBB. We applied default rates that averaged , and , respectively, to the exposure associated with those receivables. 
 Financing Receivables Exposure 
 747-8 Aircraft (Primarily accounted for as notes) 
 737 Aircraft (Primarily accounted for as operating leases) 
 777 Aircraft (Accounted for as operating leases) 
 747-400 Aircraft (Accounted for as sales-type leases) 
 
 Lease income recorded in Sales of services on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included and of interest income from sales-type leases and and from operating lease payments. Lease income recorded in Sales of services on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included and of interest income from sales-type leases and and from operating lease payments. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 and . Profit at commencement of sales-type leases was recorded in Sales of services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and . 
 
 Note 9 
 Equity method investments (2) 
 Available-for-sale debt investments (1) 
 Equity and other investments Restricted cash cash equivalents (1)(3) 
 Total 
 (1) Primarily included in Short-term and other investments on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 (2) Dividends received were and during the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, and and during the same periods in prior year. 
 (3) Reflects amounts restricted in support of our workers compensation programs and insurance premiums. 
 Contributions to investments and Proceeds from investments on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows primarily relate to time deposits and available-for-sale debt investments. Cash used for the purchase of time deposits during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and . Cash proceeds from the maturities of time deposits during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were a nd . 
 Allowance for losses on available-for-sale debt investments are assessed quarterly. All instruments are considered investment grade, and we have not recognized an allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 10 
 , net of insurance recoveries, in connection with estimated considerations to customers for disruption related to the Alaska Airlines 737-9 accident and 737-9 grounding. This charge is reflected in the financial statements as a reduction to Sales of products. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Reductions for payments made ) ) Reductions for concessions and other in-kind considerations ) ) Changes in estimates ) Ending balance September 30 
 At September 30, 2024, of the liability balance remains subject to negotiations with customers. The contracted amount includes expected to be paid in cash primarily in 2024, while the remaining amounts are primarily expected to be liquidated by lower customer delivery payments. 
 Environmental 
 Reductions for payments made, net of recoveries ) ) Changes in estimates Ending balance September 30 
 The liabilities recorded represent our best estimate or the low end of a range of reasonably possible costs expected to be incurred to remediate sites, including operation and maintenance over periods of up to years. It is reasonably possible that we may incur costs that exceed these recorded amounts because of regulatory agency orders and directives, changes in laws and/or regulations, higher than expected costs and/or the discovery of new or additional contamination. As part of our estimating process, we develop a range of reasonably possible alternate scenarios that includes the high end of a range of reasonably possible cost estimates for all remediation sites for which we have sufficient information based on our experience and existing laws and regulations. There are some potential remediation obligations where the costs of remediation cannot be reasonably estimated. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the high end of the estimated range of reasonably possible remediation costs exceeded our recorded liabilities by and . 
 Product Warranties 
 Additions for current year deliveries Reductions for payments made ) ) Changes in estimates ) Ending balance September 30 
 Commercial Aircraft Trade-In Commitments 
 In conjunction with signing definitive agreements for the sale of new aircraft, we have entered into trade-in commitments with certain customers that give them the right to trade in used aircraft at a specified price. The probability that trade-in commitments will be exercised is determined by using both quantitative information from valuation sources and qualitative information from other sources. The probability of 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 and . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we estimated it was probable we would be obligated to perform on certain of these commitments with net amounts payable to customers totaling and and the fair value of the related trade-in aircraft was and . 
 Financing Commitments 
 Financing commitments related to aircraft on order, including options and those proposed in sales campaigns, and refinancing of delivered aircraft, totaled and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, of these financing commitments relate to customers we believe have less than investment-grade credit. We have concluded that no reserve for future potential losses is required for these financing commitments based upon the terms, such as collateralization and interest rates, under which funding would be provided. 
 Other Financial Commitments 
 We have financial commitments to make additional capital contributions totaling to certain joint ventures over the next . 
 Standby Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds 
 We have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of our future performance on certain contracts and security agreements. Contingent liabilities on outstanding letters of credit agreements and surety bonds aggregated approximately and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Supply Chain Financing Programs 
 The Company has supply chain financing programs in place under which participating suppliers may elect to obtain payment from an intermediary. The Company confirms the validity of invoices from participating suppliers and agrees to pay the intermediary an amount based on invoice totals. The majority of amounts payable under these programs are due within to days but may extend up to months. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Accounts payable included billion and billion payable to suppliers who have elected to participate in these programs. See Note 1. 
 Recoverable Costs on Government Contracts 
 Our final incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and review for allowability by the U.S. government, which can result in payment demands related to costs they believe should be disallowed. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 billion program to develop and modify 747-8 commercial aircraft. During 2023, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by driven by engineering changes to support the build and installation process; the resolution of supplier negotiations; and factory performance related to labor instability. During the second quarter of 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by primarily driven by higher than anticipated costs due to engineering design changes related to wiring and other structural requirements. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
 KC-46A Tanker 
 In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the USAF to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver next generation aerial refueling tankers as well as priced options for annual production lots totaling aircraft. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized low rate initial production (LRIP) lots for a total of aircraft. The EMD contract and authorized LRIP lots total approximately billion as of September 30, 2024. The KC-46A Tanker is a derivative of the 767 commercial airplane program with the majority of the manufacturing costs being incurred in the 767 factory and the remaining costs being incurred in the military finishing and delivery centers. 
 During 2023, we increased the reach-forward loss on the KC-46A Tanker program by primarily resulting from factory disruption and additional rework due to a supplier quality issue. During the first quarter of 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss by , primarily due to factory disruption associated with supply chain constraints. During the second quarter of 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by , primarily reflecting higher than anticipated factory disruption, including supply chain constraints and parts shortages. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by to reflect higher than anticipated factory disruption, higher estimated supplier costs, the projected impacts of IAM 751 contract negotiations and the ongoing work stoppage, and increased cost allocations primarily resulting from lower commercial airplane production rates. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately of capitalized precontract costs and of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to future production lots. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
 MQ-25 
 In the third quarter of 2018, we were awarded the MQ-25 EMD contract by the U.S. Navy. The contract is a fixed-price contract that now includes development and delivery of aircraft and test articles at a contract price of . In connection with winning the competition, we recognized a reach-forward loss of 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 in the third quarter of 2018. During 2023, we increased the reach-forward loss by primarily driven by production and flight testing delays as well as higher than anticipated production costs to complete EMD aircraft attributable to factory performance. During the first quarter of 2024, we were awarded a cost-type contract modification totaling for additional test aircraft plus other scope increases. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss by primarily reflecting higher than anticipated production costs to complete EMD aircraft. The initial EMD units are currently progressing through the factory and the increase reflects recent and projected factory performance as well as the higher than anticipated complexity of the production build. We expect the initial units to complete production in 2025 and begin flight testing. We will be initiating final assembly operations at our new facility at Mid-America St. Louis Airport in Mascoutah, Illinois, in early 2025. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
 T-7A Red Hawk EMD Contract Production Options 
 In 2018, we were awarded the T-7A Red Hawk program. The EMD portion of the contract is a fixed-price contract and includes aircraft and simulators. The production portion of the contract includes production lots for aircraft and related services for T-7A Red Hawk aircraft that we believe are probable of being exercised. EMD aircraft have been delivered as of September 30, 2024, and the flight testing is ongoing. We expect the first production and support contract option to be exercised in 2025 with the remaining lots expected to be exercised annually thereafter. 
 During 2023, we increased the reach-forward loss on the T-7A Red Hawk program by primarily reflecting higher estimated production costs. During the first quarter of 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the T-7A Red Hawk program by primarily reflecting further increases in estimated production costs. During the second quarter of 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the program by primarily driven by higher than anticipated costs to meet certain technical and support requirements, and flight test program inefficiencies and delays. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the program by primarily to reflect higher estimated supplier costs related to future production lots. The higher estimated supplier costs are based on our updated assessment that previously assumed cost estimates are not projected to be realized in the current environment based on ongoing contracting activity and discussions with suppliers. The revised estimates include priced options or not-to-exceed pricing for contractually committed suppliers and escalated current prices for uncontracted work. We also provisioned for a supplier not fulfilling their contractual requirements for certain production lots. The charge also includes a provision related to certain equipment no longer assumed to be customer-furnished. At September 30, 2024, we had approximately of capitalized precontract costs and of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to certain long-lead items for the first production lots. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
 Commercial Crew 
 National Aeronautics and Space Administration has contracted us to design and build the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft to transport crews to the International Space Station (ISS). In the second quarter of 2022, we successfully completed the uncrewed Orbital Flight Test. During 2023, we increased the reach-forward loss by primarily as a result of delaying the Crewed Flight Test (CFT) following notification by a parachute supplier of an issue identified through testing. The CFT launched on June 5, 2024, and docked with the ISS. The Starliner spacecraft had a minimum mission duration of 8 days. Its return to Earth was delayed to allow time to perform further testing of propulsion system anomalies and returned to Earth uncrewed in September 2024. As a result of the CFT delays, during the second quarter of 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the program by . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the program by primarily to reflect schedule delays and higher testing and certification costs. At September 30, 2024, we had approximately of capitalized precontract costs and of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to fixed-price unauthorized future missions. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11 
 
 Contingent Repurchase Commitments In conjunction with signing a definitive agreement for the sale of commercial aircraft, we have entered into contingent repurchase commitments with certain customers wherein we agree to repurchase the sold aircraft at a specified price, generally to years after delivery. Our repurchase of the aircraft is contingent upon entering into a mutually acceptable agreement for the sale of additional new aircraft in the future. The commercial aircraft repurchase price specified in contingent repurchase commitments is generally lower than the expected fair value at the specified repurchase date. Estimated proceeds from collateral/recourse in the table above represent the lower of the contracted repurchase price or the expected fair value of each aircraft at the specified repurchase date. 
 If a future sale agreement is reached and a customer elects to exercise its right under a contingent repurchase commitment, the contingent repurchase commitment becomes a trade-in commitment. Our historical experience is that contingent repurchase commitments infrequently become trade-in commitments. 
 Credit Guarantees We have issued credit guarantees where we are obligated to make payments to a guaranteed party in the event that the original lessee or debtor does not make payments or perform certain specified services. Generally, these guarantees have been extended on behalf of guaranteed parties with less than investment-grade credit. Current outstanding credit guarantees expire through 2036. 
 Other Indemnifications In conjunction with our sales of Electron Dynamic Devices, Inc. and Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power businesses and our BCA facilities in Wichita, Kansas and Tulsa and McAlester, Oklahoma, we agreed to indemnify, for an indefinite period, the buyers for costs relating to pre-closing environmental conditions and certain other items. We are unable to assess the potential number of future claims that may be asserted under these indemnifications, nor the amounts thereof (if any). As a result, we cannot estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnities. To the extent that claims have been made under these indemnities and/or are probable and reasonably estimable, liabilities associated with these indemnities are included in the environmental liability disclosure in Note 10. 
 
 Note 12 
 billion of fixed-rate senior notes consisting of billion due May 1, 2027 that bear an annual interest rate of , billion due May 1, 2029 that bear an annual interest rate of , billion due May 1, 2031 that bear an annual interest rate of , billion due May 1, 2034 that bear an annual interest rate of , billion due May 1, 2054 that bear an annual interest rate of , and billion due May 1, 2064 that bear an annual interest rate of . The notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 billion revolving credit agreement expiring in May 2029. Effective May 15, 2024, we terminated the billion -day revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2024, and the billion revolving credit agreement, as amended, expiring in October 2024. Our billion revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2025 and billion revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2028 each remain in effect. As of September 30, 2024, we had billion available under credit line agreements. 
 On October 14, 2024, we entered into a billion -day supplemental credit agreement (Credit Agreement) that allows us to make up to draws of no less than billion per draw. Under the Credit Agreement, we will pay a funding fee of of the aggregate principal amount of each advance made under the Credit Agreement. Under the Credit Agreement, we will also pay a duration fee between and of the aggregate amount of outstanding advances and unused commitments under the Credit Agreement, which shall be payable to days after the closing date, as applicable. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement that are not based on the secured overnight funding rate SOFR will bear interest at an annual rate equal to the highest of (1) the rate announced publicly by Citibank, from time to time, as its base rate, (2) the federal funds rate plus and (3) Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for a period of one month plus , in each case plus between and , depending on Boeing s credit rating. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement that are based on SOFR will generally bear interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus between and , depending on our credit rating. Commitments under the Credit Agreement are scheduled to terminate days after the date of the Credit Agreement and any outstanding advances mature days after the date of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains prepayment events that require the Company to prepay outstanding advances or reduce the commitments if the Company has any debt incurrence, equity issuance or disposition of assets, subject to customary terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 We continue to be in full compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit facility agreements. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credits ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit income Net periodic benefit cost included in Loss from operations Net periodic benefit income included in Other income, net ) ) ) Net periodic benefit income included in Loss before income taxes 
 Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 Other Postretirement Plans 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credits ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit income Net periodic benefit cost included in Loss from operations Net periodic benefit income included in Other income, net ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit (income)/cost included in Loss before income taxes 

Note 14 
 restricted stock units (RSU) to our executives and RSUs to our executive officers as part of our long-term incentive program. The RSUs granted under this program have a grant date fair value of and per unit. The RSUs granted under this program will generally vest and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis) on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the executive (or beneficiary) may receive some or all of their stock units depending on certain age and service conditions. In all other cases, the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 performance restricted stock units (PRSU) to our executive officers as part of our long-term incentive program that will result in that number of PRSUs being paid out if the target performance metric is achieved. The PRSUs granted under this program have a grant date fair value of per unit. The award payout can range from to of the initial PRSU grant based on cumulative free cash flow achievement over the period January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026 as compared to the target set at the start of the performance period, as well as the achievement of certain safety goals. The PRSUs granted under this program will vest at the payout amount determined on the third anniversary of the grant date and settle in common stock (on a one-for-one basis). If an executive terminates employment because of retirement, layoff, disability, or death, the executive (or beneficiary) remains eligible under the award and, if the award is earned, may receive some or all of their stock units depending on certain age and service conditions. In all other cases, the PRSUs will not vest and all rights to the stock units will terminate. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15) Other comprehensive (loss)/income before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) (2) 
 ) Net current period Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at January 1, 2024 Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Net current period Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Balance at June 30, 2023 Other comprehensive (loss)/income before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) (2) 
 ) Net current period Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at June 30, 2024 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) Net of tax. 
 (2) Primarily relates to the amortization of prior service credits and actuarial gains included in net periodic benefit cost for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2023 totaling and (net of tax of and ). 
 
 Note 16 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity contracts ) ) Derivatives not receiving hedge accounting treatment: 
 Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Commodity contracts Total derivatives Netting arrangements ) ) Net recorded balance 
 (1) Notional amounts represent the gross contract/notional amount of the derivatives outstanding.) Commodity contracts )) General and administrative expense ) ) Commodity contracts Costs and expenses General and administrative expense 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 (pre-tax) out of AOCI into earnings during the next 12 months. 
 We have derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features. If we default on our credit facilities, our derivative counterparties could require settlement for foreign exchange and certain commodity contracts with original maturities of at least . The fair value of those contracts in a net liability position at September 30, 2024 was . For other particular commodity contracts, our counterparties could require collateral posted in an amount determined by our credit ratings. At September 30, 2024, there was no collateral posted related to our derivatives. 
 
 Note 17 
 
 Available-for-sale debt investments: 
 Commercial paper Corporate notes U.S. and local government agencies Other equity investments Derivatives Total assets Liabilities Derivatives Total liabilities 
 Money market funds, available-for-sale debt investments and equity securities are valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices or broker/dealer quotes of identical or comparable instruments. 
 Derivatives include foreign currency and commodity contracts. Our foreign currency forward contracts are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the forward rate less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Operating lease equipment 
 ) Total 
 Level 3 Investments and Other assets were primarily valued using an income approach based on the discounted cash flows associated with the underlying assets. Level 2 Property, plant and equipment were valued based on a third-party valuation using a combination of income and market approaches and adjusted for as-is condition. These approaches are considered estimates of net operating income, capitalization rates, and/or comparable property sales. Level 3 operating lease equipment is valued by calculating a median collateral value from a consistent group of third-party aircraft value publications. The values provided by the third-party aircraft publications are derived from their knowledge of market trades and other market factors. Management reviews the publications quarterly to assess the continued appropriateness and consistency with market trends. Under certain circumstances, we adjust values based on the attributes and condition of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by third-party publications, or on the expected net sales price for the aircraft. 
 Market approach Aircraft value publications - (1) 
 Median 
 Aircraft condition adjustments - (2) 
 Net 
 
 (1) The range represents the sum of the highest and lowest values for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, according to the third-party aircraft valuation publications that we use in our valuation process. 
 (2) The negative amount represents the sum, for all aircraft subject to fair value measurement, of all downward adjustments based on consideration of individual aircraft attributes and condition. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities Debt, excluding finance lease obligations ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Notes receivable, net Liabilities Debt, excluding finance lease obligations ) ) ) 
 The fair value of notes receivables classified as Level 2 is estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of notes receivables classified as Level 3 is based on our best estimate using available counterparty financial data. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer quotes or discounted cash flows. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash (Level 1). 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Note 18 
 ; would commit to invest at least in compliance, quality and safety programs over a period; and would agree to the appointment of an independent compliance monitor for . We are actively engaging with the U.S. Department of Defense regarding potential impacts on our business with the U.S. government and are assessing other related risks. 
 Multiple legal actions were initiated as a result of the January 5, 2024 Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 accident. We are also subject to multiple governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries relating to the Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 accident and our commercial airplanes business. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that may result given the current status of pending lawsuits, investigations and inquiries related to the 737 program . 
 During 2019, we entered into agreements with Embraer S.A. (Embraer) to establish joint ventures that included the commercial aircraft and services operations of Embraer, of which we were expected to acquire an percent ownership stake for , as well as a joint venture to promote and develop new markets for the C-390 Millennium. In 2020, we exercised our contractual right to terminate these agreements based on Embraer s failure to meet certain required closing conditions. Embraer disputed our right to terminate the agreements, and the dispute was submitted to arbitration. Arbitration proceedings concluded on September 13, 2024. Pursuant to a collar agreement entered into between the parties, we paid Embraer in October 2024, resolving the dispute between the parties. 
 
 Note 19 
 reportable segments: BCA, BDS, and BGS. All other activities fall within Unallocated items, eliminations and other. See page 8 for the Summary of Business Segment Data, which is an integral part of this note. 
 BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Asia Middle East Other non-U.S. Total non-U.S. revenues United States Estimated potential concessions and other considerations to 737 MAX customers, net of insurance recoveries 
 ) Total revenues from contracts with customers Intersegment revenues eliminated on consolidation Total segment revenues Revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts Revenue recognized at a point in time 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. customers (1) 
 Total segment revenue from contracts with customers Revenue recognized over time Revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts Revenue from the U.S. government (1) 
 
 (1) Includes revenues earned from foreign military sales through the U.S. government. 
 BGS revenues consisted of the following: 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue from contracts with customers: Commercial Government Total revenues from contracts with customers Intersegment revenues eliminated on consolidation Total segment revenues Revenue recognized at a point in time Revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts Revenue from the U.S. government (1) 
 
 (1) Includes revenues earned from foreign military sales through the U.S. government. 
 Backlog 
 Our backlog at September 30, 2024 was . We expect approximately to be converted to revenue through 2025 and approximately through 2028, with the remainder thereafter. There is significant uncertainty regarding the timing of when backlog will convert into revenue. We may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations due to various factors including delivery delays, production disruptions and delays to entry into service of the 777X, 737-7 and/or 737-10. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Deferred compensation ) ) ) Amortization of previously capitalized interest ) ) ) ) Research and development expense, net ) ) ) ) Eliminations and other unallocated items ) ) ) ) Unallocated items, eliminations and other 
 
 Eliminations and other unallocated items for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an earnings charge of that reflects a fine that would be paid if an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice is approved by the federal district court. For additional discussion, see Note 18 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Expense 
 Pension costs are allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers using CAS, which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. These costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. These expenses are included in Other income, net. 
 Postretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment FAS/CAS service cost adjustment 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Defense, Space Security Global Services Unallocated items, eliminations and other Total 
 Assets included in Unallocated items, eliminations and other primarily consist of Cash and cash equivalents, Short-term and other investments, tax assets, capitalized interest and assets managed centrally on behalf of the principal business segments and intercompany eliminations. 
 
 Note 20 
 percent. 
 On October 14, 2024, we entered into a -day supplemental credit agreement (see Note 12 for additional information). 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 The Boeing Company 
 Arlington, Virginia 
 Results of Review of Interim Financial Information 
 We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of financial position of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024, the related condensed consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, and equity for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "condensed consolidated interim financial information"). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statement of financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated January 31, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2023, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated statement of financial position from which it has been derived. 
 Basis for Review Results 
 This condensed consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company's management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our reviews in accordance with standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 October 23, 2024 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as may, should, expects, intends, projects, plans, believes, estimates, targets, anticipates and other similar words or expressions, or the negative thereof, generally can be used to help identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on expectations and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made, but that may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among these factors are risks related to: 
 (1) general conditions in the economy and our industry, including those due to regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft production system, production quality issues, commercial airplane production rates, our ability to successfully develop and certify new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and the ability of our aircraft to meet stringent performance and reliability standards; 
 (4) our pending acquisition of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (Spirit), including the satisfaction of closing conditions in the expected timeframe or at all; 
 (5) changing budget and appropriation levels and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government, as well as significant delays in U.S. government appropriations; 
 (6) our dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of highly skilled labor and raw materials; (7) work stoppages or other labor disruptions; 
 (8) competition within our markets; (9) our non-U.S. operations and sales to non-U.S. customers; (10) changes in accounting estimates; (11) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures, including anticipated synergies and quality improvements related to our pending acquisition of Spirit; 
 (12) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (13) our reliance on fixed-price contracts; (14) our reliance on cost-type contracts; (15) contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments; (16) unauthorized access to our, our customers and/or our suppliers' information and systems; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 (17) potential business disruptions, including threats to physical security or our information technology systems, extreme weather (including effects of climate change) or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises; (18) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government inquiries or investigations; (19) potential environmental liabilities; (20) effects of climate change and legal, regulatory or market responses to such change; 
 (21) credit rating agency actions and changes in our ability to obtain debt financing on commercially reasonable terms, at competitive rates and in sufficient amounts; 
 (22) substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; (23) the adequacy of our insurance coverage; and 
 (24) customer and aircraft concentration in our customer financing portfolio. 
 Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 On January 5, 2024, an Alaska Airlines 737-9 flight made an emergency landing after a mid-exit door plug detached in flight. Following the accident, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded and required inspections of all 737-9 aircraft with a mid-exit door plug, which constituted the large majority of the approximately 220 737-9 aircraft in the in-service fleet. On January 24, 2024, the FAA approved an enhanced maintenance and inspection process that was required to be performed on each of the grounded 737-9 aircraft. Our 737-9 operators returned their fleets to service in the first quarter. All 737-9 aircraft in production are undergoing this same enhanced inspection process prior to delivery. 
 The Alaska Airlines accident and the resulting actions we are taking, including slowing production, to improve compliance with our manufacturing quality control requirements have significantly impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Additionally, the ongoing work stoppage initiated on September 13, 2024, by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 (IAM 751) has paused production of certain commercial aircraft models (737, 767, 777 and 777X aircraft) as well as production of commercial derivative aircraft for our Defense, Space Security business (KC-46A Tanker and P-8A Poseidon). The IAM 751 work stoppage is also significantly reducing aircraft deliveries and adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 See Note 1 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes key indicators of consolidated results of operations: 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 51,275 55,776 17,840 18,104 GAAP Loss from operations 6,937) 1,056) 5,761) 808) Operating margins (13.5) (1.9) (32.3) (4.5) Effective income tax rate 1.8 (10.8) 0.8 (48.9) Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders 7,952) 2,199) 6,170) 1,636) Diluted loss per share 12.91) 3.64) 9.97) 2.70) Non-GAAP (1) 
 Core operating loss 7,769) 1,919) 5,989) 1,089) Core operating margins (15.2) (3.4) (33.6) (6.0) Core loss per share 14.52) 5.35) 10.44) 3.26) 
 (1) These measures exclude certain components of pension and other postretirement benefit expense. See pages 55-56 for important information about these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 The following table summarizes Revenues: 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commercial Airplanes 18,099 23,420 7,443 7,876 Defense, Space Security 18,507 18,187 5,536 5,481 Global Services 14,835 14,278 4,901 4,812 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (166) (109) (40) (65) Total 51,275 55,776 17,840 18,104 
 Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 4,501 million compared with the same period in 2023 driven by lower revenues at Commercial Airplanes (BCA), partially offset by higher revenues at Global Services (BGS) and Defense, Space Security (BDS). BCA revenues decreased by 5,321 million primarily driven by lower deliveries across all programs and 737-9 customer considerations related to the January 2024 grounding. BGS revenues increased by 557 million primarily due to higher commercial services revenue, partially offset by lower government services revenue. BDS revenues increased by 320 million primarily due to higher volume on weapons and proprietary programs, partially offset by higher net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments on major fixed-price development programs. 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 264 million compared with the same period in 2023 driven by lower revenues at BCA, partially offset by higher revenues at BGS and BDS. BCA revenues decreased by 433 million primarily driven by lower 777 and 787 deliveries, partially offset by higher 737 deliveries. BGS revenues increased by 89 million primarily due to higher commercial services revenue. BDS revenues increased by 55 million compared with the same period in 2023 primarily driven by higher volume on weapons and proprietary programs, offset by higher net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments on major fixed-price development programs. 
 Revenues will continue to be significantly impacted until the global supply chain stabilizes, labor instability diminishes, and deliveries ramp up. 
 Loss from Operations 
 The following table summarizes Loss from operations: 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commercial Airplanes 5,879) 1,676) 4,021) 678) Defense, Space Security (3,146) (1,663) (2,384) (924) Global Services 2,620 2,487 834 784 Segment operating loss (6,405) (852) (5,571) (818) Unallocated items, eliminations and other (1,364) (1,067) (418) (271) Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment 608 663 148 218 Postretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment 224 200 80 63 Loss from operations (GAAP) 
 6,937) 1,056) 5,761) 808) FAS/CAS service cost adjustment (832) (863) (228) (281) Core operating loss (Non-GAAP) 
 7,769) 1,919) 5,989) 1,089) 
 The FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Core operating loss is a Non-GAAP measure that excludes the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. See pages 55-56. 
 Loss from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 5,881 million compared with the same period in 2023. BCA loss from operations increased by 4,203 million reflecting reach-forward losses on 777X and 767, lower deliveries, lower margins driven by production disruption including the IAM 751 work stoppage, 737-9 customer considerations related to the January 2024 grounding and higher research and development expense, partially offset by lower abnormal production costs. BDS loss from operations increased by 1,483 million compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher charges in 2024 on certain major fixed-price development programs, partially offset by less unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments on satellite and fighter programs, higher revenues from weapons and proprietary programs, and lower period expenses. BGS earnings from operations increased by 133 million primarily due to higher commercial services revenue, partially offset by lower government services revenue. Loss from operations on Unallocated items, eliminations and other increased by 297 million compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in eliminations and other unallocated items and higher research and development expense, partially offset by a decrease in share-based plans expense. 
 Loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 4,953 million compared with the same period in 2023. BCA loss from operations increased by 3,343 million reflecting reach-forward losses on 777X and 767, lower margins driven by production disruption including the IAM 751 work stoppage, and higher research and development expense, partially offset by lower abnormal production costs. BDS loss from operations increased by 1,460 million compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments driven by higher charges in 2024 on certain major fixed-price development programs. BGS earnings from operations increased by 50 million primarily due to higher commercial services revenue. Loss from operations on Unallocated items, eliminations and other increased by 147 million compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in eliminations and other unallocated items. 
 Core operating loss for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 5,850 million and 4,900 million compared with the same periods in 2023, primarily due to changes in Loss from operations as described above. 
 For information related to Postretirement Plans, see Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Unallocated Items, Eliminations and Other 
 The most significant items included in Unallocated items, eliminations and other income/(expense) are shown in the following table: 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Share-based plans 118 33) 65 5 Deferred compensation (100) (71) (51) 25 Amortization of previously capitalized interest (70) (71) (24) (24) Research and development expense, net (293) (222) (105) (73) Eliminations and other unallocated items (1,019) (670) (303) (204) Unallocated items, eliminations and other 1,364) 1,067) 418) 271) 
 Share-based plans income for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, was 118 million and 65 million compared to share-based plans expense of 33 million and income of 5 million for the same periods in 2023. The increase in share-based plans income for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same periods in 2023 was primarily due to fewer outstanding share-based awards in 2024. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 29 million compared with the same period in 2023 driven by changes in broad stock market conditions, partially offset by changes in our stock price. Deferred compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 76 million compared with the same period in 2023 primarily driven by changes in broad stock market conditions. 
 Research and development expense for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 71 million and 32 million compared with the same periods in 2023 due to higher spending on enterprise product development. 
 Eliminations and other unallocated items expense for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 349 million and 99 million compared with the same periods in 2023. The increase during the year includes a second quarter earnings charge of 244 million that reflects a fine that would be paid if an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice is approved by the federal district court. For additional discussion, see Note 18 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other Earnings Items 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Loss from operations 6,937) 1,056) 5,761) 808) Other income, net 790 919 265 297 Interest and debt expense (1,970) (1,859) (728) (589) Loss before income taxes (8,117) (1,996) (6,224) (1,100) Income tax benefit/(expense) 149 (216) 50 (538) Net loss from continuing operations (7,968) (2,212) (6,174) (1,638) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (16) (13) (4) (2) Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders 7,952) 2,199) 6,170) 1,636) 
 Other income, net for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 129 million and 32 million compared with the same periods in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in interest income on short-term investments and non-operating pension income. For information on changes related to non-operating pension and postretirement expenses, see Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Interest and debt expense for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 111 million and 139 million compared with the same periods in the prior year primarily as a result of higher debt balances. 
 For a discussion related to Income Taxes, see Note 4 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Total Costs and Expenses Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. Our BCA segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. Under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial aircraft program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 customers that generally extend over several years. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost. 
 The following table summarizes cost of sales: 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Cost of sales 51,677 50,749 928 21,347 16,939 4,408 Cost of sales as a of Revenues 
 100.8 91.0 9.8 119.7 93.6 26.1 
 Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 928 million, or 2 , compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to the reach-forward losses on the 777X and 767 programs and higher charges on the BDS fixed-price development programs, partially offset by lower revenues at BCA. Cost of sales as a percentage of Revenues increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to the reach-forward losses on the 777X and 767 programs, lower margins at BCA, and higher charges on BDS fixed-price development programs. 
 Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 4,408 million, or 26 , compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to the reach-forward losses on the 777X and 767 programs and higher charges on the BDS fixed-price development programs, partially offset by lower revenues at BCA. Cost of sales as a percentage of Revenues increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to the reach-forward losses on the 777X and 767 program, lower margins at BCA, and higher charges on BDS fixed-price development programs. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense, net is summarized in the following table: 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commercial Airplanes 1,852 1,538 779 623 Defense, Space Security 728 652 234 232 Global Services 103 84 36 30 Other 293 222 105 73 Total 2,976 2,496 1,154 958 
 Research and development expense increased by 480 million and 196 million during the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase in expense was primarily due to the 777X program at BCA. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog 
 (Dollars in millions) September 30 2024 December 31 2023 Commercial Airplanes 427,733 440,507 Defense, Space Security 61,621 59,012 Global Services 20,449 19,869 Unallocated items, eliminations and other 706 807 Total Backlog 510,509 520,195 Contractual backlog 489,325 497,094 Unobligated backlog 21,184 23,101 Total Backlog 510,509 520,195 
 Contractual backlog of unfilled orders excludes purchase options, announced orders for which definitive contracts have not been executed, orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate, and unobligated U.S. and non-U.S. government contract funding. The decrease in contractual backlog during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to a decrease in BCA backlog. We may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations due to various factors including delivery delays, production disruptions and delays to entry into service of the 777X, 737-7 and/or 737-10. 
 Unobligated backlog includes U.S. and non-U.S. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. The decrease in unobligated backlog during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to reclassifications to contractual backlog at BDS. 
 
 Additional Considerations 
 U.S. Government Funding The Continuing Resolution (CR) passed on September 25, 2024, continues federal funding at fiscal year 2024 appropriated levels through December 20, 2024. Congress and the President must enact either full-year fiscal year 2025 (FY25) appropriations bills or an additional CR to fund government departments and agencies after December 20, 2024, or a government shutdown could result. We rely on the U.S. government in various aspects of our defense, commercial, and services businesses. In the event of a shutdown, requirements to furlough employees in the U.S. Department of Defense (U.S. DoD), the Department of Transportation, including the FAA, or other government agencies could result in payment delays, impair our ability to perform work on existing contracts or otherwise impact our operations, negatively impact future orders, and/or cause other disruptions or delays. 
 Global Trade We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements, or sanctions that may impact the Company. 
 The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers, who represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge . 
 We are complying with all U.S. and other government export control restrictions and sanctions. We continue to monitor and evaluate additional sanctions and export restrictions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government or other governments, as well as any responses that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers, for any additional impacts to our business. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Supply Chain We and our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as supply chain disruptions as a result of global supply chain constraints and labor instability. Certain of our suppliers are also experiencing financial difficulties. We continue to monitor quality and safety as well as the health and stability of the supply chain. These factors have reduced overall productivity, disrupted our operations and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. During the third quarter of 2024, we recorded a reach-forward loss of million on the T-7A Red Hawk program that was primarily driven by projected increases in supplier cost estimates. In addition, we recorded losses on the KC-46A Tanker and Commercial Crew programs that were partially attributable to higher supplier costs. 
 The current conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip has the potential to impact certain of our suppliers, and has impacted some operations for our airline and lessor customers. We are closely monitoring developments, supporting our employees and customers, and will take mitigating actions as appropriate. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 
 Commercial Airplanes 
 Results of Operations 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Loss from operations Operating margins (32.5) (7.2) (54.0) (8.6) 
 Revenues 
 BCA revenues decreased by 5,321 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023 driven by lower deliveries across all programs and 737-9 customer considerations related to the January 2024 grounding. BCA revenues decreased by 433 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023 driven by lower 777 and 787 deliveries, partially offset by higher 737 deliveries. 
 Commercial airplane deliveries, including intercompany deliveries, were as follows: 
 737 747 767 777 787 Total Deliveries during the first nine months of 2024 229 (4) 15 (7) 11 36 291 Deliveries during the first nine months of 2023 286 (6) 1 17 (6) 17 50 371 Deliveries during the third quarter of 2024 92 (2) 6 (2) 4 14 116 Deliveries during the third quarter of 2023 70 (1) 8 (5) 8 19 105 Cumulative deliveries as of 9/30/2024 8,757 1,573 1,318 1,738 1,146 Cumulative deliveries as of 12/31/2023 8,528 1,573 1,303 1,727 1,110 
 Intercompany deliveries identified by parentheses. 
 Loss From Operations 
 BCA loss from operations was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with million in the same period in 2023 reflecting reach-forward losses on 777X and 767, lower deliveries, lower margins driven by production disruption including the IAM 751 work stoppage, 737-9 customer considerations related to the January 2024 grounding and higher research and development expense, partially offset by lower abnormal production costs. BCA loss from operations was million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with million in the same period in 2023 reflecting reach-forward losses on 777X and 767, lower margins driven by production disruption including the IAM 751 work stoppage, and higher research and development expense, partially offset by lower abnormal production costs. 
 Backlog 
 Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer-controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly probable. Backlog excludes options and customer financing orders as well as orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606. 
 BCA total backlog decreased from 440,507 million as of December 31, 2023, to 427,733 million at September 30, 2024, reflecting an increase in the value of existing orders that, in our assessment, do not meet the accounting requirements of ASC 606 for inclusion in backlog and cancellations, partially offset by new orders in excess of deliveries. Aircraft order cancellations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 2,692 million and primarily relate to 737 aircraft. Net ASC 606 adjustments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 15,642 million and primarily related to 777X and 737 aircraft. ASC 606 adjustments include consideration of aircraft orders where a customer-controlled contingency may exist, as well as an assessment of whether the customer is committed to perform, impacts of geopolitical events or related sanctions, or whether it is probable that the customer will pay the full amount of consideration when it is due. We may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations due to various factors including delivery delays, production disruptions and delays to entry into service of the 777X, 737-7 and/or 737-10. 
 Accounting Quantity 
 The following table provides details of the accounting quantities and firm orders by program. Cumulative firm orders represent the cumulative number of commercial jet aircraft deliveries plus undelivered firm orders. Firm orders include certain military derivative aircraft that are not included in program accounting quantities. All revenues and costs associated with military derivative aircraft production are reported in the BDS segment. 
 Program As of 9/30/2024 737 767 777 777X 787 Program accounting quantities 11,600 1,270 1,810 500 1,700 Undelivered units under firm orders 4,151 89 63 (2) 396 711 (8) Cumulative firm orders 12,908 1,407 1,801 396 1,857 As of 12/31/2023 737 767 777 777X 787 Program accounting quantities 11,600 1,279 1,790 500 1,700 Undelivered units under firm orders 4,332 104 48 416 726 (8) Cumulative firm orders 12,860 1,407 1,775 416 1,836 
 Customer financing aircraft orders are identified in parentheses. 
 Approximate undelivered orders by minor model: 737-7 (7 ), 737-8 (65 ), 737-9 (5 and 737-10 (23 ). 
 
 Program Highlights 
 737 Program On January 10, 2024, the FAA notified Boeing that it had initiated an investigation into the 737 quality control system (737-9 Production Audit). This was followed by the FAA announcing actions to increase its oversight of Boeing, including conducting: 
 1. An audit involving the 737-9 production line and its suppliers to evaluate Boeing s compliance with approved quality procedures, 
 2. Increased monitoring of Boeing s 737-9 in-service events, and 
 3. An assessment of safety risks around delegated authority and quality oversight, and examination of options to move these functions under independent third parties. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 On January 24, 2024, the FAA stated it will not approve production rate increases or additional production lines for the 737 MAX until it is satisfied that Boeing is in full compliance with required quality control procedures. 
 The FAA communicated its findings from the 737-9 Production Audit of Boeing and Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (Spirit) on February 28, 2024. The FAA found multiple instances where the companies failed to comply with manufacturing quality control requirements and provided 90 days from March 1, 2024, to submit a corrective action plan. On May 30, 2024, we submitted our safety and quality plan to address the issues identified by the FAA. 
 Our planned production rates are dependent on our suppliers' ability to support our operations and our ability to meet heightened quality control requirements. Prior to the Alaska Airlines accident, we were operating at a production rate of 38 per month. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as part of our plan to address the issues identified, we slowed production rates and delayed planned production rate increases to reduce traveled work in our factory, as well as at our suppliers. During the first quarter of 2024, we began conducting fuselage inspections at Spirit to improve quality prior to shipment to Boeing. In the second quarter of 2024, production rates gradually increased as we implemented new processes as part of our safety and quality plan. In the third quarter of 2024, we continued to gradually increase production aligned with our safety and quality plan. However, production has been paused since September 13, 2024, as a result of the ongoing work stoppage initiated by IAM 751. Prior to the work stoppage, we were working toward a production rate of 38 per month by the end of 2024, which we now expect to be delayed by the work stoppage. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 60 737-8 aircraft in inventory that were produced prior to 2023, including approximately 45 aircraft for customers in China. Deliveries are being impacted by the work stoppage. 
 We are following the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification process of the 737-7 and 737-10 models. During the first quarter of 2024, the program completed the first phase of FAA certification flight testing for the 737-10. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 35 737-7 and 737-10 aircraft in inventory. We are planning to incorporate engineering solutions to the anti-icing systems on the 737-7 and 737-10 prior to certification, which has delayed certification and first deliveries. 
 See further discussion of the 737 MAX in Note 10 and Note 18 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 767 Program The 767 assembly line includes the commercial program and a derivative to support the KC-46A Tanker program. We are currently at a production rate of approximately 3 aircraft per month. We are continuing to experience factory disruption, including supply chain delays and quality issues. We have slowed production in 2024 to reduce traveled work in our factory and enable supply chain recovery, resulting in higher near-term production costs. 
 We expect to end production of the 767 freighter program in 2027. As a result of this decision, the accounting quantity for the 767 program was decreased by 9 units during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Impacts of this decision, as well as the ongoing IAM 751 work stoppage and contract negotiations, and higher costs driven by ongoing factory disruption resulted in a 0.4 billion reach-forward loss on the 767 freighter program in the third quarter of 2024. 
 See further discussion of the KC-46A Tanker program in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 777 and 777X Programs The accounting quantity for the 777 program increased by 20 units during the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. While production is currently paused, prior to the work stoppage, we were at a combined production rate of 4 per month for the 777/777X programs. Prior to the work stoppage, the programs experienced factory disruption including 777 supply chain delays and quality issues, and challenges associated with 777X production. In July 2024, we obtained approval from the FAA to begin the first phase of FAA certification flight testing. Flight testing was paused in August when a cracked engine thrust link was discovered in a flight test aircraft and remained paused as of September 30, 2024. The flight test aircraft were subsequently approved for flight; however, the resumption of flight activities will be impacted by the work stoppage. 
 Based on flight test delays and our latest assessment of certification timelines, we now anticipate the first delivery of the 777-9 to occur in 2026 and the 777-8 freighter to occur in 2028. First delivery of the 777-8 passenger aircraft is not expected to occur before 2030. In addition, we are slowing the rate ramp of 777X to address production challenges, which is leading to higher production costs and further customer delivery delays. As a result of these changes, as well as higher estimated labor and supplier costs, we recorded a 2.6 billion reach-forward loss on the 777X program in the third quarter of 2024. 
 We are following the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification process and the ultimate timing will be determined by the regulators. 
 The level of profitability on the 777X program will be subject to a number of factors. These factors include aircraft certification requirements and timing, change incorporation on completed aircraft, production disruption due to labor instability (including the ongoing work stoppage) and supply chain disruption, customer delivery timing and negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777X or other commercial aircraft programs, and contraction of the accounting quantity. One or more of these factors could result in additional reach-forward losses in future periods. 
 
 787 Program During the first quarter of 2024, we disclosed that we were slowing near-term production to below 5 per month due to supply chain constraints. The program continues to experience supply chain constraints and production issues. Delays associated with business class seats are also adversely impacting 2024 deliveries. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 30 aircraft in inventory that were produced prior to 2023 and required rework. This required rework is currently paused as a result of the IAM 751 work stoppage. The inspections and rework costs on inventoried aircraft are accounted for as abnormal production costs, and we expensed 209 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Additional Considerations 
 On June 30, 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Spirit. See Note 2 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Defense, Space Security 
 Overview 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024, and the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024, enacted in March 2024, provided fiscal year 2024 appropriations for government departments and agencies, including 844 billion for the U.S. DoD and 25 billion for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). They included funding for Boeing s major programs, including P-8, CH-47 Chinook, F-15, KC-46A Tanker, AH-64 Apache, V-22 Osprey, and Space Launch System. 
 In March 2024, the U.S. government released the President's budget request for FY25, which requested 850 billion in funding for the U.S. DoD and 25 billion for NASA. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 There is ongoing uncertainty with respect to program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD, NASA and other government agencies for FY25 and beyond. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financing position, and/or cash flows. 
 The non-U.S. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. BDS expects that it will continue to have a wide range of opportunities across Asia, Europe and the Middle East given the diverse regional threats. At September 30, 2024, 28 of BDS backlog was attributable to non-U.S. customers. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 18,507 18,187 5,536 5,481 Loss from operations 
 3,146) 1,663) 2,384) 924) Operating margins (17.0) (9.1) (43.1) (16.9) 
 Since our operating cycle is long-term and involves many different types of development and production contracts with varying delivery and milestone schedules, the operating results of a particular period may not be indicative of future operating results. In addition, depending on the customer and their funding sources, our orders might be structured as annual follow-on contracts, or as one large multi-year order or long-term award. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future workloads. The following discussions of comparative results among periods should be viewed in this context. 
 Deliveries of new-build production units, including remanufactures and modifications, were as follows: 
 Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 F/A-18 Models 5 16 1 3 F-15 Models 10 6 3 T-7A Red Hawk 1 1 1 1 CH-47 Chinook (New) 2 8 1 CH-47 Chinook (Renewed) 7 7 2 3 AH-64 Apache (New) 10 17 7 5 AH-64 Apache (Remanufactured) 24 38 11 9 MH-139 Grey Wolf 3 1 3 1 P-8 Models 4 7 1 2 KC-46 Tanker 10 4 5 3 Commercial Satellites 3 Total 76 108 34 28 
 Revenues 
 BDS revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 320 million compared with the same period in 2023. The increase reflects higher volume on weapons and proprietary programs, partially offset by higher net unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments on major fixed-price development programs. Net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 258 million higher than the prior year comparable period. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 BDS revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 55 million compared with the same period in 2023. The increase reflects higher volume on weapons and proprietary programs, offset by higher net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments on major fixed-price development programs. Unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments were 140 million higher than the comparable period in the prior year largely due to charges on certain major fixed-price development programs. 
 Loss From Operations 
 BDS loss from operations was 3,146 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1,663 million in the same period in 2023. Net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments were 1,630 million higher than the comparable period in the prior year. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, losses incurred on the five major fixed-price development programs totaled 3,302 million, including T-7A Red Hawk 1,280 million, KC-46A Tanker 1,180 million, Commercial Crew 375 million, VC-25B 250 million, and MQ-25 217 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, losses incurred on development programs totaled 1,446 million, including VC-25B 482 million. Commercial Crew 288 million, KC-46A Tanker 258 million, T-7A Red Hawk 241 million and MQ-25 177 million. These unfavorable adjustments were partially offset by less unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments on satellite and fighter programs, higher revenues from weapons and proprietary programs, and lower period expenses. See further discussion of fixed-price contracts in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 BDS loss from operations was 2,384 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with loss from operations of 924 million in the same period in 2023. The year over year increase in losses reflects an increase in unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments which were 1,348 million higher than the comparable period in the prior year. During the third quarter of 2024, losses incurred on the five major fixed-price development programs totaled 2,036 million compared with 618 million in the same period in 2023. In addition to the higher charges on the major fixed-price development programs, earnings in 2024 were adversely impacted by lower earnings on several programs including fighters, P-8 and E-7 reflecting production and engineering inefficiencies. 
 See further discussion of fixed-price contracts in Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 BDS loss from operations includes our share of earnings from equity method investments of 104 million and 9 million for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 34 million and 24 million for the same periods in 2023. 
 Backlog 
 BDS backlog of 61,621 million at September 30, 2024 compared with 59,012 million as of December 31, 2023, reflects the timing of awards, partially offset by revenue recognized on contracts awarded in prior periods. 
 Additional Considerations 
 Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Some of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. In these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily reduced award or incentive fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of these programs include Ground-based Midcourse Defense, Proprietary and Space Launch System programs. 
 Some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis. Examples of significant fixed-price development programs include Commercial Crew, KC-46A Tanker, MQ-25, T-7A Red Hawk, VC-25B, and commercial and military satellites. A number of our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. Many development programs have highly complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. These programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions or other financially significant exposure. Risk remains that we may be required to record additional reach-forward losses in future periods. 
 
 Global Services 
 Results of Operations 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 14,835 14,278 4,901 4,812 Earnings from operations 2,620 2,487 834 784 Operating margins 17.7 17.4 17.0 16.3 
 Revenues 
 BGS revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 557 million compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher commercial services revenue, partially offset by lower government services revenue. The net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 88 million higher than the prior year comparable period. 
 BGS revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 89 million compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher commercial services revenue. The net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 23 million higher than the prior year comparable period. 
 Earnings From Operations 
 BGS earnings from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 133 million compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher commercial services revenue, partially offset by lower government services revenue. The net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 92 million higher than the prior year comparable period. 
 BGS earnings from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 50 million compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher commercial services revenue. The net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 22 million higher than the prior year comparable period. 
 Backlog 
 BGS total backlog increased from 19,869 million at December 31, 2023 to 20,449 million at September 30, 2024, primarily due to the timing of awards, partially offset by revenue recognized on contracts awarded in prior years. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 (Dollars in millions) Nine months ended September 30 2024 2023 Net loss 7,968) 2,212) Non-cash items 6,271 3,118 Changes in assets and liabilities (6,933) 1,673 Net cash (used)/provided by operating activities (8,630) 2,579 Net cash provided/(used) by investing activities 653 (5,241) Net cash provided/(used) by financing activities 5,238 (5,131) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 8 (22) Net decrease in cash cash equivalents, including restricted (2,731) (7,815) Cash cash equivalents, including restricted, at beginning of year 12,713 14,647 Cash cash equivalents, including restricted, at end of period 9,982 6,832 
 Operating Activities Net cash used by operating activities was 8.6 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with net cash provided of 2.6 billion during the same period in 2023. The 11.2 billion increase in cash used by operating activities was primarily driven by our commercial airplanes business. Commercial airplane cash outflows reflect slowed and/or paused production and lower deliveries as a result of ongoing safety and quality improvement actions the Company is taking following the Alaska Airlines accident on January 5, 2024, supply chain constraints, and the ongoing work stoppage initiated on September 13, 2024, by IAM 751. 
 The higher net loss of 8.0 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.2 billion during the same period in 2023 primarily reflects higher losses from operations at BCA and BDS. The change in Non-cash items is primarily due to the 777X and 767 reach-forward losses of 3.0 billion recorded in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Changes in assets and liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 8.6 billion compared with the same period in 2023, primarily driven by unfavorable changes in Inventories 5.9 billion), Advances and progress billings 1.3 billion), Accounts payable 0.9 billion) and Unbilled receivables 0.5 billion). The growth in Inventories was primarily driven by lower deliveries on our commercial airplane programs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Concessions paid to 737 MAX customers totaled 0.8 billion and 0.3 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Cash provided by Advances and progress billings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 1.7 billion compared to cash provided of 3.0 billion during the same period in 2023. Changes in Accounts payable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 reflects slowed/paused production primarily in our commercial airplanes business. The increase in Unbilled receivables was primarily driven by revenue recognized at BDS in excess of billings. 
 Payables to suppliers who elected to participate in supply chain financing programs decreased by 0.2 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and increased by 0.4 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Investing Activities Net cash provided by investing activities was 0.7 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with net cash used of 5.2 billion during the same period in 2023. The increase in cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to net proceeds from investments of 2.8 billion in 2024 compared with net contributions to investments of 4.0 billion in 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, capital expenditures were 1.6 billion and 1.1 billion. We continue to expect capital expenditures in 2024 to be higher than in 2023. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 5.2 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with net cash used of 5.1 billion during the same period in 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net borrowings were 5.3 billion compared with net repayments of 5.1 billion during the same period in 2023, primarily due to 10.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes issued in the second quarter of 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total debt balance was 57.7 billion, up from 52.3 billion at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, 4.5 billion of debt was classified as short-term. 
 Capital Resources 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used by operating activities was 8.6 billion. The cash outflow was primarily driven by our commercial airplane business. Commercial airplane cash outflows reflect slowed production and deliveries as a result of ongoing safety and quality improvement actions the Company is taking following the Alaska Airlines accident on January 5, 2024, as well as supply chain constraints. Additionally, the ongoing work stoppage initiated on September 13, 2024, by IAM 751 has paused production of certain commercial aircraft models (737, 767, 777 and 777X aircraft) as well as production of commercial derivative aircraft for our Defense, Space Security business (KC-46A Tanker and P-8A Poseidon). The IAM 751 work stoppage is also significantly reducing aircraft deliveries and adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 On June 30, 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Spirit in an all-stock transaction at an equity value of approximately 4.7 billion, or 37.25 per share of Spirit Class A Common Stock. The transaction will include the assumption of Spirit's net debt at closing. See Note 2 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 10.0 billion of cash, 0.5 billion of short-term investments, and 10.0 billion of unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit line agreements. In the second quarter of 2024, we entered into a 4.0 billion five-year revolving credit agreement expiring in May 2029. Effective May 15, 2024, we terminated the 0.8 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2024, and the 3.2 billion five-year revolving credit agreement expiring in October 2024, as amended. Our 3.0 billion three-year revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2025 and 3.0 billion five-year revolving credit agreement expiring in August 2028 each remain in effect. We anticipate that these credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as back-up liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. On October 14, 2024, we entered into a 10.0 billion 364-day supplemental credit agreement (see Note 12 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). We continue to be in full compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit facility agreements. 
 We continue to maintain investment grade credit ratings. Moody s downgraded our short term and long term credit ratings to Baa3/P-3 in April 2024. Moody's and S P placed our ratings on review for downgrade in September 2024 and October 2024, respectively. 
 We expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to the strike by IAM 751, a delay in our ability to resume production and ramp up production and deliveries, or market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for equity or debt. These factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook or credit ratings, and/or associated changes in demand for our products and services. These risks will be particularly acute if we are subject to further credit rating downgrades. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and financing or contractual commitments. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. The most restrictive covenants include a limitation on mortgage debt and sale and leaseback transactions as a percentage of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreements), and a limitation on consolidated debt as a percentage of total capital (as defined in the credit agreements). When considering debt covenants, we continue to have substantial borrowing capacity. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. For discussion of these arrangements, see Note 11 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Contingent Obligations 
 We have significant contingent obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include the following: 
 Legal Various legal proceedings, claims and investigations are pending against us. Legal contingencies are discussed in Note 18 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Environmental Remediation We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of 875 million at September 30, 2024. For additional information, see Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 Core Operating Earnings/(Loss), Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings/(Loss) Per Share 
 Our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings/(loss), Core operating margin and Core earnings/(loss) per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Core earnings/(loss) per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. 
 The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustments recognized in Loss from operations were benefits of 608 million and 148 million for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with benefits of 663 million and 218 million for the same periods in 2023. The lower benefits in 2024 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The non-operating pension expenses included in Other income, net were benefits of 368 million and 123 million for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with benefits of 402 million and 134 million for the same periods in 2023. The lower benefits in 2024 were primarily due to lower expected return on plan assets and higher amortization of actuarial losses, partially offset by lower interest cost. 
 For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs see the Management s Discussion and Analysis on page 26 of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management uses core operating 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 earnings/(loss), core operating margin and core earnings/(loss) per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit costs primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures to GAAP Measures 
 The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of Core operating loss, Core operating margin and Core loss per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of Loss from operations, operating margins and Diluted loss per share. 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 51,275 55,776 17,840 18,104 Loss from operations, as reported 
 6,937) 1,056) 5,761) 808) Operating margins (13.5) (1.9) (32.3) (4.5) Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment (1) 
 608) 663) 148) 218) Postretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment (1) 
 (224) (200) (80) (63) FAS/CAS service cost adjustment (1) 
 832) 863) 228) 281) Core operating loss (non-GAAP) 
 7,769) 1,919) 5,989) 1,089) Core operating margins (non-GAAP) (15.2) (3.4) (33.6) (6.0) Diluted loss per share, as reported 
 12.91) 3.64) 9.97) 2.70) Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustment (1) 
 (0.99) (1.10) (0.24) (0.36) Postretirement FAS/CAS service cost adjustment (1) 
 (0.36) (0.33) (0.13) (0.10) Non-operating pension income (2) 
 (0.60) (0.66) (0.20) (0.23) Non-operating postretirement income (2) 
 (0.09) (0.07) (0.03) (0.02) Provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (3) 
 0.43 0.45 0.13 0.15 Core loss per share (non-GAAP) 14.52) 5.35) 10.44) 3.26) Weighted average diluted shares (in millions) 616.1 605.0 618.8 607.2 
 (1) FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. This adjustment is excluded from Core operating loss (non-GAAP). 
 (2) Non-operating pension and postretirement expense/(income) represents the components of net periodic benefit cost/(income) other than service cost/(income). This expense/(income) is included in Other income, net and is excluded from Core loss per share (non-GAAP). 
 (3) The income tax impact is calculated using the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no significant changes to our market risk since December 31, 2023. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 and have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Currently, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings. For a discussion of contingencies related to legal proceedings, see Note 18 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following risks update the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Please refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for other risks related to our business. 
 Our pending acquisition of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (Spirit) subjects us to various risks and uncertainties, including risks that we may not complete the acquisition or realize the anticipated benefits in the expected timeframe or at all. 
 On June 30, 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Spirit in an all-stock transaction at an equity value of approximately 4.7 billion, or 37.25 per share of Spirit Class A Common Stock. The transaction will include the assumption of Spirit's net debt at closing. Completion of our acquisition of Spirit is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger among us, Spirit and one of our wholly owned subsidiaries (Merger Agreement). Some of the conditions, such as approval by Spirit s stockholders, certain regulatory approvals, and the ability of Spirit to enter into definitive agreements relating to the disposition of Spirit operations related to certain Airbus commercial work packages and consummate the related transactions, are beyond our control, which make the completion of our acquisition of Spirit (and the timing thereof) uncertain. In addition, the Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both Spirit and Boeing, which if exercised, will also result in the acquisition not being consummated. Furthermore, the governmental authorities from which regulatory approvals related to the acquisition are required may impose burdensome or unacceptable conditions on the completion of the acquisition, require changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement, or prevent or delay the consummation of the acquisition. If the acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we will be subject to a number of risks, including expenditure of time and resources, possible negative reactions from certain stakeholders, and potential market price fluctuations. If we are successful in completing the acquisition, we will be subject to other risks, including those related to the assumption of Spirit's net debt and other obligations at closing, which could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Difficulties in integrating Spirit may result in the failure to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisition (including anticipated synergies and quality improvements) in the expected timeframe or at all, as well as operational challenges, the diversion of management s attention from other ongoing business concerns, and unforeseen expenses, which may have an adverse impact on our operations and our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional information on the acquisition, see Note 2 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Some of our and our suppliers' workforces are represented by labor unions. Work stoppages by our employees are currently adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Future work stoppages by our or our suppliers' employees could also adversely impact our business. 
 Approximately 57,000 employees, which constitute 33 of our total workforce, were union represented as of December 31, 2023 under collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. On September 12, 2024, our contract with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 (IAM 751), which represents over 30,000 Boeing manufacturing employees primarily located in Washington state, expired and 96 of IAM 751 members voted to initiate a strike. While we continue to engage in contract negotiations with IAM 751, we currently are unable to predict the duration of the strike, which began on September 13, 2024. As a result of the strike, production 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 of our commercial aircraft, other than the 787 production in Charleston, and certain of our Defense, Space Security BDS products has halted, adversely impacting our business and financial position. This work stoppage has had and may continue to have negative impacts on our key suppliers and customers. If we are unable to successfully negotiate a new contract with IAM 751 consistent with our assumptions and the strike continues for a prolonged period, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would continue to be adversely impacted. Furthermore, actions we have taken in response to the strike to help preserve our financial condition, including planned workforce reductions, furloughs, hiring freezes and pausing the issuance of certain supplier purchase orders, could negatively impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. 
 We may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could adversely affect our business. We currently have in the U.S. 9 unions with 27 independent agreements and internationally 17 employee representative bodies, and we cannot predict how stable our union relationships will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions' requirements. The unions may also limit our flexibility in managing our workforce and operations. Union actions at suppliers can also affect us. Current and future work stoppages and instability in our union relationships could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and result in lower revenues. 
 We may be unable to obtain debt to fund our operations and contractual commitments at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our debt totaled 57.7 billion and cash and marketable securities totaled 10.5 billion. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, our airplane financing commitments totaled 17.4 billion. The short-term and current portion of our long-term debt totaled 4.5 billion as of September 30, 2024. Net cash used by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 8.6 billion and 1.6 billion was used to acquire property, plant and equipment. The cash outflow was primarily driven by our commercial airplane business. Commercial airplane cash outflows reflect slowed production and deliveries as a result of ongoing safety and quality improvement actions the Company is taking following the Alaska Airlines accident on January 5, 2024, as well as supply chain constraints. Additionally, the ongoing work stoppage initiated on September 13, 2024, by IAM 751 has paused production of certain commercial aircraft models (737, 767, 777 and 777X aircraft) as well as production of commercial derivative aircraft for our Defense, Space Security business (KC-46A Tanker and P-8A Poseidon). The IAM 751 work stoppage is also significantly reducing aircraft deliveries and adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we continue to require cash to fund our operations or require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to the strike by IAM 751 or market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital including through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities, and these activities could have terms that are unfavorable or could be dilutive. 
 Moody s downgraded our short term and long term credit ratings to Baa3/P-3 in April 2024. Moody's and S P placed our ratings on review for downgrade in September 2024 and October 2024, respectively. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and/or to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets. These factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance or outlook, changes to our credit ratings, a prolonged labor strike by IAM 751, a delay in our ability to resume production and ramp up production and deliveries, and/or changes in demand for our products and services. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and contractual or financing commitments. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about purchases we made during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act: 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) (a) (b) (c) (d) Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 7/1/2024 thru 7/31/2024 18,916 184.80 8/1/2024 thru 8/31/2024 8,439 175.87 9/1/2024 thru 9/30/2024 4,557 168.19 Total 31,912 180.07 
 (1) A total of 31,912 shares were transferred to us from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. We did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the open market pursuant to a repurchase program. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not adopt, modify or terminate a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as such term is defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 10.1 Supplemental Credit Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2024, among The Boeing Company, as a Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as co-syndication agents and BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank N.A., Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers 
 10.2 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Cash Based Award for CEO (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 30, 2024) 
 10.3 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Supplemental Restricted Stock Units for CEO (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 30, 2024) 
 10.4 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Performance Non-Qualified Stock Option for CEO 
 15 Letter from Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding unaudited interim financial information 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Management contract or compensatory plan 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE BOEING COMPANY (Registrant) October 23, 2024 /s/ Michael J. Cleary (Date) Michael J. Cleary 
 Senior Vice President and Controller 
 62 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 a202409sep3010qex104.htm
 FORM OF U.S. NOTICE OF TERMS OF PERFORMANCE NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION

Document 
 CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

U.S. Notice of Terms 
 Performance Non-Qualified Stock Option 
 To Participant Name 
 BEMSID Employee_ID 
 Grant Date Grant Date 
 The Boeing Company (the Company has awarded you an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (the Option pursuant to The Boeing Company 2023 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated from time to time (the Plan ), and the provisions contained herein (the Notice ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. Your Option is subject to the terms of the Plan. If there is any inconsistency between the terms of this Notice and the terms of the Plan, the Plan s terms shall control. You are required to accept and acknowledge the terms and conditions of the Option, through the mechanism and procedures determined by the Company, as a condition to receiving the Option. The terms and conditions of the Option are as follows 
 1. Number of Shares Subject to Option. The Option gives you the right to purchase up to Option # shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock at the exercise price and on the terms set forth in this Notice. 
 2. Exercise Price. The exercise price per share is Exercise Price 1 . 
 3. Type of Option. The Option is granted as a non-qualified stock option. Non-qualified stock options are considered ordinary income when exercised and are taxed accordingly. The amount of ordinary income is the difference between the exercise price and the price on the date the Option or a portion of it is exercised. 
 4. Vesting and Exercisability of Option. The Option will vest and become exercisable as follows 
 With respect to 25 of the shares subject to the Option, on the second anniversary of the Grant Date, provided that you have remained continuously employed by the Company through the applicable vesting date (any such date on which vesting may occur, a Vesting Date ). 
 
 With respect to an additional 25 of the shares subject to the Option, on the third anniversary of the Grant Date, provided that you have remained continuously employed by the Company through the Vesting Date. 
 
 With respect to the remaining 50 of the shares subject to the Option, on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date, provided that you have remained continuously employed by the Company through the Vesting Date. 
 
 5. Adjustment in Number of Shares Subject to Option. The number of shares subject to the Option will be adjusted proportionately for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from any stock split, combination or exchange of Common Stock, consolidation, spin-off or recapitalization of Common Stock, or any similar capital adjustment or the payment of any stock dividend. 
 6. Impact of Certain Terminations. 
 6.1 In the event your employment is terminated prior to a Vesting Date by reason of layoff, death, or disability, any unvested portion of your Option will vest in full on your termination date. For purposes of this Option, disability means a disability entitling you to benefits under any long-term disability policy sponsored by the Company or a Related Company. 
 6.2 In the event your employment is terminated prior to a Vesting Date for any reason (including for cause and resignation) other than those reasons described in Section 6.1, any unvested portion of your Option and all rights to exercise the Option will immediately be forfeited and canceled without consideration. 
 7. Expiration of Vested Option. As long as you remain employed by the Company or a Related Company, any vested portion of your Option will expire after the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 7.1 If your employment with the Company terminates due to retirement on or after attaining at least age 62 with one year of service, any vested portion of your Option will expire on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 7.2 If your employment with the Company terminates due to layoff, disability, or death, any vested portion of your Option will expire at the earlier of five years from your termination date or the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 1 120 of the average of the high and low trading prices of a share of Common Stock on the Grant Date. 

CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

7.3 If your employment with the Company is involuntarily terminated for cause, any vested portion of your Option will expire upon your termination and immediately become unexercisable. 
 7.4 If your employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than those reasons described above in this Section 7, any vested portion of your Option will expire at the earlier of 90 days from your termination date or the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 8. Method of Exercise. 
 8.1 You may exercise the Option by giving written notice to the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, which will state your election to exercise the Option and the number of whole shares for which you are exercising the Option, and by completing such other documents and procedures as may be required by the Company for exercise of the Option. The notice must be accompanied by full payment of the exercise price for the number of shares you are purchasing. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, you may make this payment in any one or combination of the following 
 (a) wire transfer 
 (b) tendering by attestation shares of Common Stock you already own that on the day prior to the exercise date have a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate exercise price of the shares being purchased under the Option 
 (c) delivery of a properly executed exercise notice, together with irrevocable instructions to a brokerage firm designated or approved by the Company to deliver promptly to the Company the aggregate amount of sale or loan proceeds to pay the Option exercise price and any tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection with the exercise, all in accordance with the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board or 
 (d) any other method as the Committee may permit in its sole discretion. 
 8.2 It is your responsibility to be aware of your Option s expiration date so that you may consider whether or not to exercise the Option before it expires . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the Option s expiration date the closing price of one share of the Common Stock exceeds the per share Exercise Price, you have not exercised the Option and the Option has not expired, you will be deemed to have exercised the Option on such day with payment made by withholding the shares otherwise issuable in connection with the exercise of the Option. In such event, the Company shall deliver to you the number of shares for which the Option was deemed exercised, less the number of shares required to be withheld for the payment of the total purchase price and required withholding taxes. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision shall not apply to any Option that expires and immediately becomes unexercisable pursuant to Section 7.3. 
 9. Withholding Taxes. As a condition to the exercise of any portion of an Option, you must make such arrangements as the Company may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state, provincial, local or foreign withholding tax obligations that may arise in connection with such exercise. 
 10. Transferability. The Option is not transferable except by will or by laws of descent and distribution and during your lifetime the Option may be exercised only by you, your guardian or your legal representative. The Plan permits exercise of the Option by the personal representative of your estate or the beneficiary thereof following your death. The Option may not be exercised for less than a reasonable number of shares at any one time, as determined by the Compensation Committee. You may designate a beneficiary who may exercise the Option after your death. To be valid, a beneficiary designation with respect to your Option must be properly submitted through the Stock Plan Administrator in accordance with the Stock Plan Administrator s procedures. The current Stock Plan Administrator is Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC and certain of its affiliated entities. 
 11. Clawback and Forfeiture Policy. 
 11.1 This Option and any gross proceeds resulting from the vesting of this Option are subject to the Clawback Policy adopted by the Company s Board of Directors, as amended from time to time (the Policy ). The Policy provides (among other things) that an Option may be subject to clawback and forfeiture (meaning that the Option or gross proceeds thereof must be promptly returned to the Company if already exercised, or that you will lose your entitlement to an Option if it has not yet been exercised) in the discretion of the Committee, if the Committee determines that you have (i) violated, or engaged in negligent conduct in connection with the supervision of someone who violated, any Company policy, law, or regulation that has compromised the safety of any of the Company s products or services and has, or reasonably could be expected to have, a material adverse impact on the Company, the Company s customers or the public or (ii) engaged in fraud, bribery, or illegal acts like fraud or bribery, or knowingly failed to report such acts of an employee over whom you had direct supervisory responsibility. The Policy further contains provisions regarding the recovery of certain covered compensation (as defined in the Policy) as required pursuant to New York Stock 

CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

Exchange listing standards and the Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations, or listing standards issued to implement the foregoing from time to time. In accepting this Option, you acknowledge that you have read the Policy, available at https www.boeing.com content dam boeing boeingdotcom principles ethics_and_compliance pdf clawback-policy.pdf , that you understand its applicability to you, and that you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of the Policy as they may be applied to you. 
 11.2 In addition, subject to applicable law, or except as may be otherwise provided in the Addendum, this Option and any gross proceeds resulting from the vesting or exercise of this Option are subject to clawback and forfeiture in the event you engage in any of the following conduct, as determined by the Company or its delegate in its sole discretion, prior to the second anniversary of the later of the Vesting Date or the latest date on which the Option was exercised you (i) plead or admit to, are convicted of, or are otherwise found guilty of a criminal or indictable offense involving theft, fraud, embezzlement, or other similar unlawful acts against the Company or against the Company s interests (ii) directly or indirectly engage in competition with any aspect of Company business with which you were involved or about which you gained Company proprietary or confidential information (iii) induce or attempt to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the Company s employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Company, or to breach any contract with the Company, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, you or any third party (iv) disparage or defame the Company or its products or current or former employees, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit any individual from reporting, in good faith, suspected unlawful conduct in the workplace or (v) take, misappropriate, use or disclose Company proprietary or confidential information. Clawback can, if possible and where permitted by local law, be made by deducting payments that will become due in the future (including salary, bonuses, or share awards). Your acceptance of this Option shall constitute your acknowledgement and recognition that your compliance with this Section 11 is a condition for your receipt of this Option. For purposes of this Section 11, the Company shall include the Company and all Related Companies. 
 11.3 Nothing in this Section 11 will apply to legally protected communications to government agencies or statements made in the course of sworn testimony in administrative, judicial or arbitral proceedings. 
 12. Miscellaneous. 
 
 12.1 No Right to Continued Employment or Service. This Notice shall not confer upon you any right to continuation of employment by the Company or any Related Company nor shall this Notice interfere in any way with the Company s or any Related Company s right to terminate your employment at any time, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between you and the Company or a Related Company. 
 12.2 Discretionary Nature of Plan No Vested Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the Plan is discretionary in nature and limited in duration, and may be amended, cancelled, or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time. The grant of the Option under the Plan is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive other awards or benefits in lieu of awards in the future. Future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company, including, but not limited to, the timing of any grant, the form of award and the vesting provisions. 
 12.3 Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Option or other awards granted to you under the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 12.4 Section 409A. This Option is intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and guidance issued thereunder Section 409A ), and shall be interpreted and construed consistently with such intent. If you are a Specified Employee (as defined by the Company for purposes of Section 409A) upon your separation from service (as defined under Section 409A), any payments that are subject to the requirements of Section 409A and payable upon such separation from service shall be delayed until six months after the date of the separation from service, to the extent required under Section 409A. Nothing in the Plan or this Notice shall be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax treatment. The Company makes no representation that the Plan, this Notice or the Option comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for the payment of any taxes and penalties that you may incur under Section 409A. 
 12.5 Employee Data Privacy. By accepting this Option, you 
 (a) consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of any of your personal data that is necessary to facilitate the implementation, administration and management of the Option and the Plan 

CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

(b) understand that the Company and your employer may, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan, hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title and details of all awards or entitlement to the Common Stock granted to you under the Plan or otherwise Data 
 (c) understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any broker with whom the shares issued on exercise of the Option may be deposited, and that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country and 
 (d) authorize the Company, its Related Companies and its agents to store and transmit such Data in electronic form. 
 This notice is supplemental to the Boeing Employee Privacy Notice available here 
 http globalprivacyoffice.web.boeing.com index.aspx com 1 469 
 12.6 Requirements of Law. The Option and exercise thereof shall be subject to, and conditioned upon, satisfaction of all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 12.7 Addendum to Notice. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Notice to the contrary, the Option shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for the state in which you reside as the Company may determine in its sole discretion and which shall be set forth in an addendum to these terms and conditions (the Addendum ). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Notice. 
 12.8 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Notice and the Plan shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the application of the conflicts of laws provisions thereof, except as may be expressly required by other applicable law or as may be otherwise provided in the Addendum. Any disputes regarding this Option or the Plan shall be brought only in the state or federal courts of the State of Delaware, except as may be expressly required by other applicable law or as may be otherwise provided in the Addendum. 
 12.9 Agreement to Terms of Plan, Notice and Addendum. By your acceptance of the Option as described above, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Notice, the Addendum to this Notice, and the Plan, and you specifically accept and agree to the provisions contained therein. 

CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

Addendum to U.S. Notice of Terms 
 Performance Non-Qualified Stock Option 
 The following provisions shall modify Section 11 of the Notice for employees who reside in or are otherwise subject to the laws of California 
 Clause (ii) of Section 11.2 shall not apply. 
 Clause (iii) of Section 11.2 shall be removed and replaced with the following (iii) during your employment with the Company, induce or attempt to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the Company s employees, representatives, or consultants to terminate, discontinue, or cease working with or for the Company, or to breach any contract with the Company, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, you or any third party. 
 Clause (iv) of Section 11.2 shall be removed and replaced with the following (iv) disparage or defame the Company or its products or current or former employees, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. 
 The following shall be appended to Section 11.2 
 To the extent expressly required by the laws of the State of California, all questions concerning the construction, validity, and interpretation of Section 11 shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of California, without regard to the application of the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. 
 The following provisions shall modify Section 11 of the Notice for employees who reside in or are otherwise subject to the laws of Colorado or Massachusetts 
 Clause (ii) of Section 11.2 shall not apply. 
 The following provisions shall modify Section 11 of the Notice for employees who reside in or are otherwise subject to the laws of Illinois 
 The following shall be appended to Section 11.2 
 For purposes of clause (ii) above, engage in competition shall mean, during your employment with the Company and for a period of twelve months following your last day of employment with the Company (the Restricted Period ), providing services to a competitor of the Company (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, officer, or director) that are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services you provided to the Company during the two years prior to your last day of employment with the Company and with respect to which you gained Company proprietary or confidential information, in the State of Illinois or any state or territory within the United States in which you performed responsibilities for the Company and or where the Company conducts substantial business. 
 A new Section 11.4 is added as follows 
 You understand that the non-competition obligations under Section 11.2(ii) shall only apply to you if you earn the statutory minimum compensation set by Illinois statute e.g. , between January 1, 2021 and January 2, 2027, the statutory threshold is at least 75,000 per year). 
 A new Section 11.5 is added as follows 
 You agree that before being required to accept and acknowledge this Notice, the Company provided you with fourteen calendar days to review it. The Company advises you to consult with an attorney before accepting and acknowledging this Notice. 
 A new Section 11.6 is added as follows 
 You understand that if you are separated from employment with the Company due to COVID-19 or circumstances that are similar to the COVID-19 pandemic the Company may not enforce Section 11.2(ii) unless it pays you the compensation equivalent to your base salary at the time of your last day of employment for the Company for the Restricted Period minus any compensation you earn through subsequent employment during the Restricted Period. 
 The following provisions shall modify Section 11.2 of the Notice for employees who reside in or are otherwise subject to the laws of South Carolina 
 The following shall be appended to Section 11.2 
 For purposes of this Section 11.2, engage in competition shall mean providing services to a competitor of the Company (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, officer, or director) that are the same or similar in function 

CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

or purpose to the services you provided to the Company during the two years prior to your termination of employment with the Company and with respect to which you gained Company proprietary or confidential information, in the State of South Carolina or any state or territory within the United States in which the Company conducts substantial business. 
 The following provisions shall modify Section 11 of the Notice for employees who reside in or are otherwise subject to the laws of Virginia 
 By agreeing to the terms set forth in this Notice, you acknowledge and agree that the Option does not constitute wages for time worked. 
 For purposes of clause (ii) above, engage in competition shall mean, during your employment with the Company and for a period of twelve months following your last day of employment with the Company (the Restricted Period ), providing services to a competitor of the Company (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, officer, or director) that are the same as or similar in function or purpose to the services you provided to the Company during the two years prior to your last day of employment with the Company and with respect to which you gained Company proprietary or confidential information, regardless of the geographic location. By agreeing to the terms set forth in this Notice, you acknowledge and agree that (x) the Company conducts business globally and (y) if you provided the foregoing services to a competitor during the Restricted Period you would pose a competitive threat to the Company regardless of the location of such competitor or the location from which you provide such services. Further, clause (ii) above shall not apply if you qualify as a low-wage employee pursuant to Virginia Code Section 40.1-28.7 8. 
 Clause (iii) shall only apply during the Restricted Period, as defined above. 
 
 The following shall replace Section 11.2 of the Notice for employees who reside in or are otherwise subject to the laws of Washington 
 In addition, this Option and any gross proceeds resulting from the vesting or exercise of this Option are subject to clawback and forfeiture in the event you engage in any of the following conduct, as determined by the Company or its delegate in its sole discretion, during the Restricted Period you (i) plead or admit to, are convicted of, or are otherwise found guilty of a criminal or indictable offense involving theft, fraud, embezzlement, or other similar unlawful acts against the Company or against the Company s interests (ii) directly or indirectly engage in competition (iii) induce or attempt to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the Company s employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Company, or to breach any contract with the Company, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, you or any third party (iv) disparage or defame the Company or its products or current or former employees provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit any individual from reporting, in good faith, or otherwise discussing or disclosing suspected unlawful conduct in the workplace or (v) take, misappropriate, use, or disclose Company proprietary or confidential information. Clawback can, if possible and where permitted by local law, be made by deducting payments that will become due in future (including salary, bonuses, or share awards). Your acceptance of this Option shall constitute your acknowledgement and recognition that your compliance with this Section 11 is a condition for your receipt of this Option. For purposes of this Section 11, the Company shall include the Company and all Related Companies. 
 For purposes of this Section 11.2, Restricted Period shall mean, with respect to clauses (i), (iii), (iv), and (v) above, the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending on the second anniversary of the later of the Vesting Date or the latest date of exercise of the Option, and with respect to clause (ii) above, the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending eighteen months after the later of the Vesting Date or the latest date on which the Option was exercised. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, clause (ii) shall not apply to you (x) following any termination of your employment by reason of layoff, or (y) during any year if you had annualized W-2 total earnings from the Company of 100,000 (or such dollar amount following adjustment for inflation as required by applicable Washington law) or less during the prior year, determined in accordance with applicable Washington law. For purposes of this Section 11.2, engage in competition shall mean providing services to a competitor of the Company (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, officer, or director) that are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services you provided to the Company during the two years prior to your termination of employment with the Company and with respect to which you gained Company proprietary or confidential information, in the State of Washington or any state or territory within the United States in which the Company conducts substantial business. 
 All questions concerning the construction, validity, and interpretation of clause (ii) above shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to the application of the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Any disputes regarding the construction, validity and interpretation of clause (ii) above shall be brought only in the state or federal courts of the State of Washington. 

CEO US PERFORMANCE OPTION 2024 

Acknowledgement and Acceptance 
 
 I acknowledge that I have read and understand this Notice, the Addendum, and the Plan, and I accept and agree to the provisions contained therein. 
 
 Name ______________________________________________ 
 
 Signature ______________________________________________ 
 
 Date ______________________________________________ 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-15>
 3
 a202409sep3010qex15.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT 15 
 
 LETTER IN LIEU OF CONSENT FOR REVIEW REPORT 
 October 23, 2024 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 The Boeing Company 
 Arlington, Virginia 
 
 We are aware that our report dated October 23, 2024, on our review of the interim financial information of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, is incorporated by reference in the following registration statements. 
 
 Form S-8 Form S-8 Form S-3 Form S-4 No. 33-25332 No. 333-54234 No. 333-249827 No. 333-281498 No. 33-31434 No. 333-73252 No. 333-250000 No. 33-43854 No. 333-107677 No. 333-282628 No. 33-58798 No. 333-140837 No. 33-52773 No. 333-156403 No. 333-16363 No. 333-160752 No. 333-26867 No. 333-163637 No. 333-32461 No. 333-195777 No. 333-32491 No. 333-228097 No. 333-32499 No. 333-252770 No. 333-32567 No. 333-268762 No. 333-41920 No. 333-271454 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

</EX-15>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a202409sep3010kex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert K. Ortberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Boeing Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 s Robert K. Ortberg 
 Robert K. Ortberg 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a202409sep3010kex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brian J. West, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Boeing Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 s Brian J. West 
 Brian J. West 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a202409sep3010kex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Boeing Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert K. Ortberg, President and Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Robert K. Ortberg 
 Robert K. Ortberg 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 October 23, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a202409sep3010kex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Boeing Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian J. West, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Brian J. West 
 Brian J. West 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 October 23, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ba-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ba-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ba-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ba-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ba-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

