<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_921738_0000921738-24-000038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14475877</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179189</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2031344</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5805563</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3207779</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2950271</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000921738-24-000038.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000921738-24-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PENN Entertainment, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000921738
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				232234473
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24206
		FILM NUMBER:		241435985

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		825 BERKSHIRE BLVD STE 200
		STREET 2:		WYOMISSING PROFESSIONAL CENTER
		CITY:			WYOMISSING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19610
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6103732400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		825 BERKSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WYOMISSING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19610

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940415

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000921738-24-000038.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 penn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

penn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was (including 468,932 shares of a subsidiary of registrant which are exchangeable into registrant s common stock). 

PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations - for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - for the Ni ne Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 56 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 56 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 
 Signatures 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Current maturities of long-term debt Current portion of financing obligations Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current maturities, debt discount and debt issuance costs Long-term portion of financing obligations Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term portion of finance lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding) 
 Series C Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding) 
 Series D Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding) 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding) 
 Exchangeable shares par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding) 
 Treasury stock, at cost shares repurchased as of both periods) 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total PENN Entertainment, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interest ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming Food, beverage, hotel, and other Total revenues Operating expenses Gaming Food, beverage, hotel, and other General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of Barstool Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (expenses) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Interest income Income from unconsolidated affiliates Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net Gain on REIT transactions, net Other ) Total other income (expenses) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to PENN Entertainment, Inc. ) ) ) ) Loss per share: Basic loss per share ) ) ) ) Diluted loss per share ) ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment during the period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive loss attributable to PENN Entertainment, Inc. ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total PENN Stockholders Equity Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity (in millions, except share data) Shares Amount PENN Entertainment, Inc. Shares Amount Exchangeable Shares Amount Balance as of July 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation arrangements Exchangeable share conversions ) Investment Agreement warrants (Note 11) Currency translation adjustment Net loss ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance as of July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation arrangements Preferred stock conversions ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total PENN Stockholders Equity Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity (in millions, except share data) Shares Amount PENN Entertainment, Inc. Shares Amount Exchangeable Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation arrangements Common stock issuance Exchangeable share issuance Exchangeable share conversions ) Investment Agreement warrants (Note 11) Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation arrangements Share issuance in connection with acquisitions Share repurchases ) ) ) ) Preferred stock conversions ) ) Common stock issuance Exchangeable share issuance Exchangeable share conversions ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Non-cash interest expense Non-cash operating lease expense Loss on disposal of Barstool Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net ) Gain on REIT transactions, net ) Holding loss on equity securities Loss on sale or disposal of property and equipment Gain on Hurricane Laura ) ) Income from unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Return on investment from unconsolidated affiliates Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation Investment Agreement warrant expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of businesses acquired Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Income taxes ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other current and long-term liabilities ) Other Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Hurricane Laura insurance proceeds Consideration paid for Barstool, net of cash acquired ) Sale of Barstool, net of cash disposed ) Proceeds received for a cost method investment Consideration paid for gaming licenses and other intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Financing activities Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Payments of other long-term obligations ) ) Principal payments on financing obligations ) ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) Proceeds from exercise of options Repurchase of common stock ) Payments on insurance financing ) Indemnification payments ) Other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of currency rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the beginning of the year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the end of the period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in Other current assets Restricted cash included in Other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash payments (refunds) related to income taxes, net ) Non-cash activities: Accrued capital expenditures 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

PENN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Note 1 
 properties in states, online sports betting in jurisdictions and iCasino in jurisdictions, under a portfolio of well-recognized brands including Hollywood Casino , L Auberge , ESPN BET , and theScore BET Sportsbook and Casino . In August 2023, PENN entered into a transformative, exclusive long-term strategic alliance with ESPN, Inc. and ESPN Enterprises, Inc. (together, ESPN relating to online sports betting within the United States. PENN s ability to leverage the leading sports media brands in the United States (ESPN) and Canada (theScore) is central to our highly differentiated strategy to expand our footprint and efficiently grow our customer ecosystem. The Company s focus on organic cross-sell opportunities is reinforced by our market-leading retail casinos, sports media assets, and technology, including a proprietary state-of-the-art, fully integrated digital sports and iCasino betting platform and an in-house iCasino content studio. PENN s portfolio is further bolstered by our industry-leading PENN Play TM customer loyalty program, which offers our million members a unique set of rewards and experiences across business channels. 
 The majority of the real estate assets (i.e., land and buildings) used in our operations are subject to triple net master leases; the most significant of which are with Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (Nasdaq: GLPI) GLPI ), a real estate investment trust REIT ), and include the AR PENN Master Lease, 2023 Master Lease, and Pinnacle Master Lease (as such terms are defined in Note 8, Leases and collectively referred to as the Master Leases ). 
 
 Note 2 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segments: Northeast, South, West, Midwest, and Interactive. Our gaming and racing properties are grouped by geographic location, and each is viewed as an operating segment with the exception of our properties in Jackpot, Nevada, which are viewed as operating segment. We consider our combined Video Gaming Terminal VGT operations, by state, to be separate operating segments. Interactive includes all of our online sports betting, online casino/iCasino and social gaming (collectively referred to as online gaming operations, management of retail sports bet ting, media, and in the prior year, We owned of Barstool common stock prior to the February 17, 2023 Barstool Acquisition (as defined in Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions pursuant to which we acquired the remaining of Barstool common stock. On August 8, 2023, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with David Portnoy (the Barstool SPA and we sold of the outstanding shares of Barstool common stock. See Note 15, Segment Information and Note 8, Leases for further segment and lease structure information, respectively. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 investment in Kansas Entertainment, LLC Kansas Entertainment ), which owns Hollywood Casino at Kansas Speedway. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Hotel Other Total complimentaries associated with gaming contracts 
 Additionally, the Company provides discretionary complimentaries in the form of online casino gaming slots and table games and online sports betting free play bonuses. Free play bonuses provided to patrons indirectly contribute to the gaming revenue earned by the Company and are recorded as a reduction of Gaming revenues. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and consisted principally of the obligation associated with the loyalty points. Our loyalty point obligations are generally settled within of issuance. Changes between the opening and closing balances primarily relate to the timing of our customers election to redeem loyalty points as well as the timing of when our customers receive their earned tier status benefits. 
 The Company s advance payments on goods and services yet to be provided and for unpaid wagers primarily consist of the following: (i) deposits on rooms and convention space, (ii) money deposited on behalf of a customer in advance of their property visit (referred to as safekeeping or front money ), (iii) money deposited in an online wallet not yet wagered or wagered and not yet withdrawn, (iv) outstanding tickets generated by slot machine play, sports betting, or pari-mutuel wagering, (v) outstanding chip liabilities, (vi) unclaimed jackpots, and (vii) gift cards redeemable at our properties. Unpaid wagers generally represent obligations stemming from prior wagering events, of which revenue was previously recognized. The Company s advance payments on goods and services yet to be provided and for unpaid wagers were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company s deferred revenue is primarily related to PENN Interactive, our wholly owned interactive division, which enters into multi-year agreements with third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino operators for online sports betting and iCasino market access across our portfolio of properties. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, the majority of which is included in Other long-term liabilities within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was included in the December 31, 2023 deferred revenue balance. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was included in the December 31, 2022 deferred revenue balance. 
 Advertising expenses, which primarily relate to media marketing services and brand and other rights provided by ESPN pursuant to the Sportsbook Agreement (as defined in Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions ), and other media placement costs and are primarily included in Gaming expenses within the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations, were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Gaming and pari-mutuel taxes are recorded in Gaming expenses or Food, beverage, hotel, and other expenses within the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and billion for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 See Note 13, Earnings per Share for more information. As discussed in Note 12, Stockholders Equity and Stock-based Compensation, all remaining outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock were converted to common stock during the third quarter of 2023. There were outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2024. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company paid million in settlement costs under this indemnification obligation. Provisions in the Barstool SPA limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made to the later of the resolution of the indemnification claim or the relevant statutes of limitations. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under this indemnification agreement is not estimable at 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for this agreement, respectively. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 14, Fair Value Measurements for more information. 
 See Note 9, Investments in and Advances to Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
 
 Note 3 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4 
 
 Food and beverage Hotel Other ) Total revenues ) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Northeast South West Midwest Interactive (1) 
 Other Intersegment Eliminations (2) 
 Total Revenues: Gaming Food and beverage Hotel Other ) Total revenues ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Northeast South West Midwest Interactive (1) 
 Other Intersegment Eliminations (2) 
 Total Revenues: Gaming Food and beverage Hotel Other ) Total revenues ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Northeast South West Midwest Interactive (1) 
 Other Intersegment Eliminations (2) 
 Total Revenues: Gaming Food and beverage Hotel Other ) Total revenues ) 
 (1) Other revenues within the Interactive segment are inclusive of gaming tax reimbursement amounts related to third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino partners for online sports betting and iCasino market access of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, due to the inclusion of Barstool operating results prior to the disposition on August 8, 2023, other revenues within the Interactive segment for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included million in advertising revenue and million in retail revenue and million in advertising revenue and million in retail revenue for the nine months ending September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Primarily represents the elimination of intersegment revenues associated with our retail sportsbooks, which are operated by PENN Interactive. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5 
 of the outstanding shares of Barstool common stock not already owned by us for consideration of approximately million, which is inclusive of cash and common stock issuance, repayment of Barstool indebtedness of million, transaction expenses, and other purchase price adjustments in accordance with GAAP (the Barstool Acquisition ). We issued shares of our common stock and utilized million of cash to complete the Barstool Acquisition. 
 The Company held of the outstanding shares of Barstool common stock prior to the Barstool Acquisition and, as such, the acquisition date estimated fair value of this previously held equity method investment was a component of the purchase consideration. Based on the acquisition date fair value of Barstool of million and the carrying amount of this investment of million, the Company recorded a gain of million related to remeasurement of the equity investment immediately prior to the acquisition date, which is included in Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company also recorded a gain of million related to the acquisition of the remaining of Barstool common stock, which is included in Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Barstool s revenue and net loss for the period beginning July 1, 2023 through August 7, 2023, included in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations, were million and million, respectively. Barstool s revenue and net loss for the period beginning February 17, 2023 through August 7, 2023, included in the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations, were million and million, respectively. 
 On August 8, 2023, PENN entered into a Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN, which provides for a long-term strategic relationship between PENN and ESPN relating to online sports betting in the United States. Pursuant to the Sportsbook Agreement, PENN rebranded the existing Barstool Sportsbook across all online platforms in the United States as ESPN BET (the Sportsbook and oversees daily operations of the Sportsbook. See Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies for more information related to the Sportsbook Agreement. 
 In connection with PENN s decision to rebrand our online sports betting business from Barstool Sportsbook to ESPN BET pursuant to the Sportsbook Agreement as discussed above, PENN entered into the Barstool SPA with David Portnoy and sold of the outstanding shares of Barstool to David Portnoy in exchange for nominal cash consideration and certain non-compete and other restrictive covenants. Additionally , PENN has the right to receive of the gross proceeds received by David Portnoy in any subsequent sale or other monetization event of Barstool. Upon the disposal of Barstool in the third quarter of 2023, PENN recognized a pre-tax loss of million (inclusive of million in goodwill and intangible assets write offs and a million indemnification liability discussed below). See Note 14, Fair Value Measurements for more information related to the indemnification liability. 
 For information on the tax-related impacts from the Barstool transactions, see Note 10, Income Taxes. 
 P ursuant to the Barstool SPA, PEN N will indemnify Barstool and its subsidiaries and David Portnoy for certain tax matters. The indemnity provisions generally provide for the Company s control of defense and settlement of claims, as well as certain other costs, associated with potential tax matters related to Barstool and its subsidiaries and David Portnoy. I n the second quarter of 2024, the Company paid million in settlement costs under this indemnification obligation. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 
 Accumulated goodwill impairment losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Goodwill, net Effect of foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Goodwill, gross Accumulated goodwill impairment losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Goodwill, net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, in connection with the Barstool SPA, we recorded a pre-tax loss on disposal of million, inclusive of a goodwill write-off of million as well as trademarks and other intangible assets write-offs of million, all within our Interactive segment. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions. 
 Trademarks Other Amortizing intangible assets Customer relationships ) ) Technology ) ) Other ) ) Total other intangible assets, net ) ) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired a gaming license for operating online sports wagering in the state of New York, which was recorded to Gaming licenses at its fair value of million. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 7 
 Amended Term Loan A Facility due 2027 Amended Term Loan B Facility due 2029 Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2029 
 Convertible Notes due 2026 
 Other long-term obligations Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Less: Debt discounts ) ) Less: Debt issuance costs ) ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum payments 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility (ii) a million Term Loan A facility (the Term Loan A Facility and (iii) a million Term Loan B facility (the Term Loan B Facility and collectively with the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). 
 On October 15, 2018, in connection with the acquisition of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. Pinnacle ), the Company entered into an incremental joinder agreement (the Incremental Joinder ), which amended the Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Incremental Joinder provided for an additional million of incremental loans having the same terms as the existing Term Loan A Facility, with the exception of extending the maturity date, and an additional billion of loans as a new tranche having new terms (the Term Loan B-1 Facility ). With the exception of extending the maturity date, the Incremental Joinder did not impact the Revolving Facility. 
 On May 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with its various lenders (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for a billion revolving credit facility, undrawn at close, (the Amended Revolving Credit Facility ), a million term loan A facility (the Amended Term Loan A Facility and a billion term loan B facility (the Amended Term Loan B Facility (together, the Amended Credit Facilities ). The proceeds from the Amended Credit Facilities were used to repay the existing Term Loan A Facility and Term Loan B-1 Facility balances. 
 The interest rates per annum applicable to loans under the Amended Credit Facilities are, at the Company s option, equal to either an adjusted secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR or a base rate, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for each of the Amended Revolving Credit Facility and the Amended Term Loan A Facility was initially for Term SOFR loans and for base rate loans until the Company provided financial reports for the first full fiscal quarter following closing and, thereafter, ranges from to per annum for Term SOFR loans and to per annum for base rate loans, in each case depending on the Company s total net leverage ratio (as defined within the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). The applicable margin for the Amended Term Loan B Facility is per annum for Term SOFR loans and per annum for base rate loans. The Amended Term Loan B Facility is subject to a Term SOFR floor of per annum and a base rate floor of per annum. In addition, the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitments under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility at a rate that was initially per annum, until the Company provided financial reports for the first full fiscal quarter following closing, and thereafter, ranges from to per annum, depending on the Company s total net leverage ratio (as defined within the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). 
 The Amended Credit Facilities contain customary covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to grant liens on their assets, incur indebtedness, sell assets, make investments, engage in acquisitions, mergers or consolidations, pay dividends and make other restricted payments and prepay certain indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the obligations under the Amended Credit Facilities. The Amended Credit Facilities contain financial covenants: a maximum total net leverage ratio (as defined within the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) of to 1.00, which is subject to a step up to to 1.00 in the case of certain significant acquisitions, and a minimum interest coverage ratio (as defined within the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) of to 1.00. The Amended Credit Facilities also contain certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default, including the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the documents governing the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), termination and certain defaults under the Master Leases (which are defined in Note 8, Leases ). 
 On February 15, 2024 (the Amendment Effective Date ), PENN entered into a First Amendment (the Amendment Agreement with its various lenders amending its Amended Credit Facilities (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Amendment Effective Date , the Existing Credit Agreement ). The Amendment Agreement amends the Existing Credit Agreement to provide that, during the period beginning on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date that is business days after the date on which the Company delivers a covenant relief period termination notice to the administrative agent and (ii) the date on which the administrative agent receives a compliance certificate for the quarter ending December 31, 2024 (the Covenant Relief Period ), the Company will make an adjustment to exclude specified amounts of Interactive segment Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined in Note 15, Segment Information in its calculations to comply with the maximum total net leverage ratio or minimum interest coverage ratio (as such terms are defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). We will continue to be required to maintain specified financial ratios and to satisfy certain financial tests when our Covenant Relief Period terminates after December 31, 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, resulting in million and million of available borrowing capacity under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. 
 Unsecured Convertible Notes 
 In May 2020, the Company completed a public offering of million aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes (the Convertible Notes that mature, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased, on May 15, 2026 at a price of par. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Convertible Notes have been converted into the Company s common stock. The maximum number of shares that could be issued to satisfy the conversion feature of the Convertible Notes was and the amount by which the Convertible Notes if-converted value exceeded its principal amount was million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Interest expense, net 
 Capitalized interest ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 The table below presents interest expense related to the Convertible Notes: For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Coupon interest Amortization of debt issuance costs Convertible Notes interest expense 
 Debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes at an effective interest rate of . The remaining term of the Convertible Notes was years as of September 30, 2024. 
 Covenants 
 Our Amended Credit Facilities, Notes due 2027 (the Notes ), and Notes due 2029 (the Notes ), require us, among other obligations, to maintain specified financial ratios and to satisfy certain financial tests. In addition, our Amended Credit Facilities, Notes and Notes, restrict, among other things, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur guarantee obligations, amend debt instruments, pay dividends, create liens on assets, make investments, engage in mergers or consolidations, and otherwise restrict corporate activities. Our debt agreements also contain customary events of default, including cross-default provisions that require us to meet certain requirements under the Master Leases (which are defined in Note 8, Leases ), each with GLPI. If we are unable to meet our financial covenants or in the event of a cross-default, it could trigger an acceleration of payment terms. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and until such time that the claims and related obligation is settled. The amount included in Interest expense, net within the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations related to this obligation was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Event Center 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, other long-term obligations included million and million, respectively, related to the repayment obligation of a hotel and event center located less than a mile away from Hollywood Casino Lawrenceburg, which was constructed by the City of Lawrenceburg Department of Redevelopment. Effective in January 2015, by contractual agreement, we assumed a repayment obligation for the hotel and event center in the amount of million, which was financed through a loan with the City of Lawrenceburg Department of Redevelopment, in exchange for conveyance of the property. Beginning in January 2016, the Company was obligated to make annual payments on the loan of million for years. This obligation is accreted to interest expense at its effective yield of . 
 
 Note 8 
 million, consisting of million of building base rent, million of land base rent, and million of percentage rent (as such terms are defined in the AR PENN Master Lease). Subsequent to the execution of the AR PENN Master Lease, the lease contains real estate assets associated with of the Company s gaming facilities used in its operations. The current term of the AR PENN Master Lease expires on October 31, 2033 and thereafter contains renewal terms of each on the same terms and conditions, exercisable at the Company s option. The AR PENN Master Lease along with the 2023 Master Lease (as defined and discussed below) are cross-defaulted, cross-collateralized, and coterminous, and subject to a parent guarantee. 
 The payment structure under the AR PENN Master Lease includes a fixed component, a portion of which is subject to an annual escalator of up to , depending on the Adjusted Revenue to Rent Ratio (as defined in the AR PENN Master Lease) of :1, and a component that is based on performance, which is prospectively adjusted every by an amount equal to of the average change in net revenues of all properties associated with the AR PENN Master Lease compared to a contractual baseline during the preceding PENN Percentage Rent ). 
 We are currently evaluating the impact of the annual escalator, which occurred on November 1, 2024. The next annual escalator test date is scheduled to occur on November 1, 2025. The November 1, 2023 PENN Percentage Rent reset resulted in an annual rent reduction of million, which will be in effect until the next PENN Percentage Rent reset, scheduled to occur on November 1, 2028. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 billion of financing obligations within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, offset to Gain on REIT transactions, net within our unaudited Statements of Operations; and (ii) derecognized billion of Property and equipment, net associated with the building assets within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, offset to Gain on REIT transactions, net within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result of our measurement of the associated operating lease liabilities, we recognized a reduction of the ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities of billion within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 1, 2023. Lease components classified as an operating lease are recorded to General and administrative within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 2023 Master Lease 
 Concurrent with the execution of the AR PENN Master Lease, the Company and GLPI entered into a new triple net master lease (the 2023 Master Lease ), effective January 1, 2023, specific to the property associated with Aurora, Joliet, Columbus, Toledo, M Resort, Hollywood Casino at The Meadows Meadows ), and Hollywood Casino Perryville Perryville and a master development agreement (the Master Development Agreement ). The 2023 Master Lease has an initial term through October 31, 2033 with subsequent renewal periods on the same terms and conditions, exercisable at the Company s option. The 2023 Master Lease and AR PENN Master Lease are cross-defaulted, cross-collateralized, and coterminous, and subject to a parent guarantee. 
 As a result of our lease classification assessment, we concluded all land and building components contained within the 2023 Master Lease to be operating leases. As a result of our measurement of the operating lease liabilities, we recognized ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities of billion. Additionally, the 2023 Master Lease terminated the individual triple net leases associated with Meadows and Perryville, as such we (i) derecognized million in ROU assets within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) derecognized million in lease liabilities within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets; and (iii) recognized a million loss on the termination which is recorded in Gain on REIT transactions, net within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. Lease components classified as an operating lease are recorded to General and administrative within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The 2023 Master Lease includes a base rent (the 2023 Master Lease Base Rent equal to million and the Master Development Agreement contains additional rent (together with the 2023 Master Lease Base Rent, the 2023 Master Lease Rent equal to (i) of any project funding received by PENN from GLPI for an anticipated relocation of PENN s riverboat casino and related developments with respect to Aurora (the Aurora Project and (ii) a percentage, based on the then-current GLPI stock price, of any project funding received by PENN from GLPI for certain anticipated development projects with respect to Joliet, Columbus and M Resort (the Other Development Projects and together with the Aurora Project, the PENN Development Projects ). The Master Development Agreement provides that GLPI will fund up to million for the Aurora Project and, upon PENN s request, up to million in the aggregate for the Other Development Projects, in accordance with certain terms and conditions set forth in the Master Development Agreement. These funding obligations of GLPI expire on January 1, 2026. The 2023 Master Lease Rent will be subject to a one-time increase of million, effective November 1, 2027. The 2023 Master Lease Rent is subject to an annual fixed escalator rent increase of which began on November 1, 2023. The Master Development Agreement provides that PENN may elect not to proceed with a development project prior to GLPI s commencement of any equity or debt offering or credit facility draw intended to fund such a project or after such time in certain instances, provided that GLPI will be reimbursed for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such discontinued project. The PENN Development Projects are all subject to necessary regulatory and other government approvals. 
 Pinnacle Master Lease 
 In connection with the acquisition of Pinnacle on October 15, 2018, the Company assumed a triple net master lease with GLPI (the Pinnacle Master Lease ), originally effective April 28, 2016, pursuant to which the Company leases real estate assets associated with of the gaming facilities used in its operations. Upon assumption of the Pinnacle Master Lease, as amended, there were years remaining of the initial term, with subsequent, renewal periods, on the same terms and conditions, exercisable at the Company s option. The Company has determined that the lease term is years. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 , depending on the Adjusted Revenue to Rent Ratio (as defined in the Pinnacle Master Lease) of :1, and a component that is based on performance of the properties, which is prospectively adjusted every by an amount equal to of the average change in net revenues compared to a contractual baseline during the preceding Pinnacle Percentage Rent ). 
 As a result of the annual escalator, effective May 1, 2024 for the lease year ended April 30, 2024, the fixed component of rent increased by million and an additional ROU asset and corresponding lease liability of million were recognized associated with the finance lease components. The next annual escalator test date is scheduled to occur on May 1, 2025. Additionally, on May 1, 2024, the Pinnacle Percentage Rent reset resulted in an annual rent increase of million which will be in effect until the next Pinnacle Percentage Rent reset, scheduled to occur on May 1, 2026. Upon reset of the Pinnacle Percentage Rent, effective May 1, 2024, we recognized an additional ROU asset and corresponding lease liability of million associated with the finance lease components. Lease components classified as a finance lease are recorded to Depreciation and amortization and Interest expense, net within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognizes interest expense on the lease payments related to the financing obligation under the effective yield method. 
 Other Triple Net Leases with REIT Landlords 
 Morgantown Lease 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into an individual triple net lease with a subsidiary of GLPI for the land underlying our development project in Morgantown, Pennsylvania Morgantown Lease in exchange for million. 
 The initial term of the Morgantown Lease is years with subsequent, renewal periods, exercisable at the Company s option. Initial annual rent under the Morgantown Lease is million, subject to a fixed annual escalation in each of the first subsequent to the facility opening, which occurred on December 22, 2021. Thereafter, the lease will be subject to an annual escalator consisting of either (i) , if the consumer price index increase is greater than , or (ii) , if the consumer price index increase is less than . All improvements made on the land, including the constructed building, will be owned by the Company while the lease is in effect, however, on the expiration or termination of the Morgantown Lease, ownership of all tenant improvements on the land will transfer to GLPI. 
 We concluded control of the land underlying the Morgantown facility was not passed from the Company to the lessor in accordance with ASC 842. As such we recognized a financing obligation in accordance with ASC 470 and continue to recognize the underlying land asset in Property and equipment, net within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes interest expense on the lease payments related to the financing obligation under the effective yield method. 
 Margaritaville Lease 
 On January 1, 2019, the Company entered into an individual triple net lease with VICI Properties Inc. (NYSE: VICI) VICI for the real estate assets used in the operations of Margaritaville Resort Casino (the Margaritaville Lease ). The Margaritaville Lease has an initial term of years, with subsequent renewal options on the same terms and conditions, exercisable at the Company s option. The payment structure under the Margaritaville Lease includes a fixed component, a portion that is subject to an annual escalator of up to depending on a minimum coverage floor ratio of Net Revenue to Rent of :1, and a component that is based on performance, which is prospectively adjusted every by an amount equal to of the average change in net revenues of the property compared to a contractual baseline during the preceding Margaritaville Percentage Rent ). 
 On February 1, 2024, the Margaritaville Lease annual escalator test resulted in an annual rent increase of million and the recognition of an additional operating lease ROU asset and corresponding lease liability of million. The next annual escalator test date and the next Margaritaville Percentage Rent reset are both scheduled to occur on February 1, 2025. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 years, with subsequent renewal options on the same terms and conditions, exercisable at the Company s option. The payment structure under the Greektown Lease includes a fixed component, a portion subject to an annual escalator of up to initially determined based on an Adjusted Revenue to Rent ratio, as defined in the Greektown Lease, and subsequently amended to be determined based on an agreed upon minimum coverage floor ratio of Net Revenue to Rent, and a component that is based on performance, which is prospectively adjusted every by an amount equal to of the average change in net revenues of the property compared to a contractual baseline during the preceding Greektown Percentage Rent ). 
 In April 2024, the lease was amended to provide for a Net Revenue to Rent minimum coverage floor to be mutually agreed upon prior to the commencement of the ninth lease year (June 1, 2027). 
 We did not incur an annual escalator for the lease year ended May 31, 2024. The next annual escalator test date and Greektown Percentage Rent reset are both scheduled to occur on June 1, 2025. 
 The land and building components contained within the Greektown Lease are classified as operating leases. Lease components classified as an operating lease are recorded to General and administrative within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We refer to the Master Leases, the Morgantown Lease, the Margaritaville Lease, and the Greektown Lease, collectively, as our Triple Net Leases . 
 Non-REIT Operating Leases 
 In addition to any operating lease components contained within the Master Leases, Margaritaville Lease, and Greektown Lease (collectively referred to as triple net operating leases ), the Company s operating leases consist of (i) ground and levee leases to landlords which were not assumed by our REIT Landlords and remain an obligation of the Company, and (ii) buildings and equipment not associated with our REIT Landlords. Certain of our lease agreements include rental payments based on a percentage of sales over specified contractual amounts, rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation, and rental payments based on usage. The Company s leases include options to extend the lease terms. The Company s operating lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) ) Present value of future lease payments Less: Current portion of lease obligations ) ) ) Long-term portion of lease obligations 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 2023 Master Lease Pinnacle Master Lease Margaritaville Lease Greektown Lease Morgantown Lease Total 
 Information related to lease term and discount rate was as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Financing obligations years years Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases Financing obligations 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease cost (1) 
 Primarily General and administrative Short-term lease cost Primarily Gaming expenses Variable lease cost (1) 
 Primarily Gaming expenses Total Finance Lease Costs Interest on lease liabilities (2) 
 Interest expense, net Amortization of ROU assets (2) 
 Depreciation and amortization Total Financing Obligation Costs Interest on financing obligations (3) 
 Interest expense, net 
 (1) Excludes the operating lease costs and variable lease costs pertaining to our triple net leases with our REIT landlords classified as operating leases. 
 (2) Pertains to finance lease components associated with the Pinnacle Master Lease (primarily land). 
 (3) Pertains to the components contained within the Pinnacle Master Lease (buildings) and the Morgantown Lease. 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Non-cash lease activities: Commencement of operating leases Derecognition of operating lease liabilities Commencement of finance leases Derecognition of finance lease liabilities Derecognition of financing obligations 

Note 9 
 investment in Kansas Entertainment, the joint venture with NASCAR that owns Hollywood Casino at Kansas Speedway. 
 Kansas Entertainment Joint Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our investment in Kansas Entertainment was million and million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company received distributions from Kansas Entertainment totaling million and million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company deems these distributions to be returns on its investment based on the source of those cash flows from the normal business operations of Kansas Entertainment. 
 The Company has determined that Kansas Entertainment does not qualify as a VIE. Using the guidance for entities that are not VIEs, the Company determined that it did not have a controlling financial interest in the joint venture, primarily as it did not have the ability to direct the activities of the joint venture that most significantly impacted the joint venture s economic performance without the input of NASCAR. Therefore, the Company did not consolidate the financial position of Kansas 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. We excluded certain foreign losses from our worldwide effective tax rate calculation due to a year-to-date ordinary loss for which no benefit may be recognized. Our effective tax rate can vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of our earnings, and changes to our valuation allowance assessment. Certain of these and other factors, including our history and projections of pre-tax earnings, are considered in assessing our ability to realize our net deferred tax assets. 
 As of each reporting date, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets pursuant to ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. As of September 30, 2024, we intend to continue maintaining a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets not more than likely than not to be realized until there is sufficient positive evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. A reduction in the valuation allowance could result in a significant decrease to income tax expense in the period the release is recorded. Although the exact timing and valuation reversal amount are estimated, the actual determination is contingent upon the earnings level we achieve in 2024 as well as our projected income levels in future periods. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company increased its valuation allowance in the amount of million primarily due to overall lower level of earnings. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company recorded a net deferred tax liability of million with respect to the Barstool stock acquisition on February 17, 2023. These temporary differences were primarily related to existing carryover tax basis, acquired federal and state net operating losses, and other acquired intangible assets excluding goodwill. The net deferred tax liability was subsequently written off as part of the Barstool disposition discussed in Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had prepaid income taxes of million and million, respectively, which were included in Prepaid expenses within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Note 11 
 term and may be extended for an additional upon mutual agreement of PENN and ESPN. In consideration for the media marketing services and brand and other rights provided by ESPN, PENN will pay million per year in cash pursuant to the Sportsbook Agreement for the initial term and issue warrants pursuant to the Investment Agreement (as defined and described in more detail below). The Sportsbook Agreement may be terminated by either party if at the end of year three of the term the Sportsbook has not achieved a specified level of market share based on gross gaming revenue in the states in which the Sportsbook operates while branded ESPN BET, and other terms pursuant to the agreement. 
 In connection with the Sportsbook Agreement, PENN and ESPN, Inc. entered into an Investment Agreement (the Investment Agreement on August 8, 2023. The Investment Agreement provides for the issuance to ESPN, Inc. of certain warrants to purchase shares of PENN common stock, par value per share, and setting forth certain other governance rights of ESPN, Inc. Pursuant to the Investment Agreement PENN issued to ESPN, Inc. warrants to purchase approximately 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of PENN common stock. The warrants are classified as equity and contain separate tranches which vest quarterly over from the date of the Investment Agreement, provided that any remaining unvested portion of the first tranche of warrants will vest on August 8, 2032. 
 At the grant date, the million fair value of the awards was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model with contractual terms ranging from to years, and strike prices ranging from to . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recognized million and million of expense , respectively, related to the Investment Agreement warrants. Expenses related to these warrants are recorded within Gaming expenses on the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and recognized when services are received. 
 Additionally, if after February 29, 2024 and during the term of the Sportsbook Agreement PENN achieves specified performance conditions based on an average market share based on gross gaming revenue in the states in which the Sportsbook operates (as defined within the Investment Agreement), PENN could issue to ESPN, Inc. warrants to purchase up to an additional million shares of PENN common stock. The additional warrants will be fully vested upon issuance, have an exercise price of , and will be exercisable for years from the date of issuance. 
 
 Note 12 
 shares in connection with the achievement of the second and final annual mutual goals established by the Company and HitPoint for a total of million, respectively. 
 In conjunction with the February 20, 2020 stock purchase agreement between PENN and Barstool, the Company issued shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value (the Series D Preferred Stock to certain individual stockholders affiliated with Barstool. 1/1,000th of a share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of PENN common stock. Pursuant to the Barstool SPA, on August 11, 2023, all remaining outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock were converted to common stock. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information related to the Barstool SPA. 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares authorized of Series D Preferred Stock, and shares were outstanding. 
 In connection with the acquisition of Score Media and Gaming, Inc. theScore in October 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a par value of , and exchangeable shares, par value Exchangeable Shares through the capital of an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of PENN, in addition to cash consideration. Each Exchangeable Share is exchangeable into share of PENN common stock at the option of the holder, subject to certain adjustments. Upon the acquisition of theScore, certain employees of theScore elected to have their outstanding equity awards, which were assumed under theScore plan (as defined below), issued as Exchangeable Shares, once the shares vest or are exercised. In addition, the Company may redeem all outstanding Exchangeable Shares in exchange for shares of PENN common stock at any time following the fifth anniversary of the closing, or earlier under certain circumstances. 
 We did issue Exchangeable Shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we issued and Exchangeable Shares, respectively. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Exchangeable Shares authorized, of which shares and shares were outstanding, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 On December 6, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization for million (the December 2022 Authorization ). The December 2022 Authorization expires on December 31, 2025. 
 The Company utilized the capacity under the previous February 2022 authorization prior to effecting any repurchases under the December 2022 Authorization. Repurchases by the Company are subject to available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations and other legal requirements. There is no minimum number of shares that the Company is required to repurchase and the repurchase authorization may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 shares of the Company s common stock were repurchased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. shares of the Company s common stock were repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 shares of its common stock in open market transactions for million, at an average price of per share under the February 2022 and December 2022 Authorizations. 
 The cost of all repurchased shares is recorded as Treasury stock within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 shares of the Company s common stock were repurchased subsequent to the quarter ended September 30, 2024. As of November 6, 2024, the remaining availability under our December 2022 Authorization was million. 
 2022 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
 On June 7, 2022, the Company s shareholders, upon the recommendation of the Company s Board of Directors, approved the Company s 2022 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The 2022 Plan authorizes the Company to issue stock options (incentive and/or non-qualified), stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock (shares and/or units), performance awards (shares and/or units), and cash awards to executive officers, non-employee directors, other employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries. Non-employee directors and consultants are eligible to receive all such awards, other than incentive stock options. Pursuant to the 2022 Plan, an initial shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for issuance, plus any shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards under both the previous 2018 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended 2018 Plan and Score Media and Gaming Inc. Second Amended and Restated Stock Option and Restricted Stock Unit Plan (the theScore Plan as of June 7, 2022, and outstanding awards that are forfeited or settled for cash under each of the prior plans. 
 On June 6, 2023, the Company s shareholders, upon the recommendation of the Company s Board of Directors, approved an amendment to the 2022 Plan (as amended, the 2022 Amended Plan ), which increased the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan by shares to shares. For purposes of determining the number of shares available for issuance under the 2022 Amended Plan, stock options, restricted stock and all other equity settled awards count against the share limit as share of common stock for each share granted. Any awards that are not settled in shares of common stock are not counted against the share limit. As of September 30, 2024, there are shares available for future grants under the 2022 Amended Plan. 
 Performance Share Program 
 The Company s performance share programs were adopted to provide our NEOs and certain other key executives with stock-based compensation tied directly to the Company s performance, which further aligns their interests with our shareholders and provides compensation only if the designated performance goals are met for the applicable performance periods. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted restricted units with performance-based vesting conditions, at target, under the 2022 Amended Plan. The restricted performance units granted in 2024 consist of performance period over a service period. The awards have the potential to be earned at between and of the number of shares granted depending on achievement of the performance goals, and remain subject to vesting for the full service period. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company granted restricted units with performance-based vesting conditions, at target, under the 2022 Plan. The restricted performance units granted in 2023 consist of performance periods over a service period. The awards have the potential to be earned at between and of the number of shares granted depending on achievement of the performance goals, and remain subject to vesting for the full service period. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense pertains to our stock options and restricted stock, including restricted stock with performance conditions. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in General and administrative expense within the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company granted and stock options during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 . The CPUs are accounted for as liability awards and are re-measured at fair value each reporting period until they become vested with compensation expense being recognized over the requisite service period. The Company s CPU liability as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively, and is included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company recognized million and million of compensation expense associated with these awards for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Compensation expense associated with our CPUs is recorded in General and administrative within the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, there was a total of million unrecognized compensation expense related to CPUs that will be recognized over the awards remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. Additionally, we paid million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, pertaining to cash-settled CPUs. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights 
 Our outstanding SARs are settled in cash and are accounted for as liability awards, and generally vest over a period of . The fair value of cash-settled SARs is calculated each reporting period and estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company has a liability, which is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, associated with its cash-settled SARs of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 For SARs held by employees of the Company, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost as of September 30, 2024 that will be recognized over the awards remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. The Company recognized a reduction to compensation expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a reduction to compensation expense of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Compensation expense associated with our SARs is recorded in General and administrative within the unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. We paid million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to cash-settled SARs. 
 
 Note 13 
 Assumed conversion of dilutive restricted stock Assumed conversion of convertible preferred shares Assumed conversion of convertible debt 
 As we recorded a net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there are no reconciling items in the weighted-average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS. 
 Restricted stock with performance and market based vesting conditions that have not been met as of September 30, 2024 were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. 
 Anti-dilutive equity-based awards are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS, and primarily consists of stock options awarded under the Company s previous and current long-term incentive compensation plans and warrants issued under the terms of the Investment Agreement described in Note 11 , Commitments and Contingencies . 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million shares were outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and anti-dilutive options and warrants to purchase million and million shares were outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, the assumed conversion of million and million preferred shares were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS for both three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, because including them would have been anti-dilutive. 
 The Company s calculation of weighted-average common shares outstanding includes the Exchangeable Shares discussed within Note 12, Stockholders Equity and Stock-Based Compensation.) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding PENN Entertainment, Inc. Weighted-average shares outstanding Exchangeable Shares 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 
 Basic loss per share ) ) ) ) Calculation of diluted loss per share: Diluted loss applicable to common stock ) ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 
 Diluted loss per share ) ) ) ) 
 
 Note 14 
 million and million in equity securities of ordinary shares, respectively, which are reported as Other assets in our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. These equity securities are the result of PENN Interactive entering into multi-year agreements with third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino operators for online sports betting and iCasino market access across our portfolio. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million and an unrealized holding loss of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and unrealized holding losses of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in Other, as reported in Other income (expenses) within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The fair value of the equity securities was determined using Level 1 inputs, which use market approach valuation techniques. The primary inputs to those techniques include the quoted market price of the equity securities and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 The Company acquired secured convertible notes in a technology provider on April 7, 2023 for million, due on the third-year anniversary of the date of issuance. The terms contain optional and mandatory conversion provisions pursuant to which we will receive common stock upon conversion. As of both periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of the convertible notes was million, which are reported in Other assets in our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the convertible notes approximates the carrying value as of December 31, 2023. Therefore, we did not record any unrealized gains or losses to Other comprehensive income (loss) within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 The fair value of the convertible notes was determined using a binomial lattice model and is categorized as a Level 3 measurement. 
 Held-to-Maturity Securities and Promissory Notes 
 We have a management contract with Retama Development Corporation RDC ), a local government corporation of the City of Selma, Texas, to manage the day-to-day operations of Retama Park Racetrack, located outside of San Antonio, Texas. In addition, we own of the equity of Retama Nominal Holder, LLC, which holds a nominal interest in the racing license used to operate Retama Park Racetrack, and a interest in Pinnacle Retama Partners, LLC PRP ), which owns the contingent gaming rights that may arise if gaming under the existing racing license becomes legal in Texas in the future. 
 As of both periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, PRP held million in promissory notes issued by RDC and million in local government corporation bonds issued by RDC, at amortized cost. The promissory notes and the local government corporation bonds are collateralized by the assets of Retama Park Racetrack. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the promissory notes and the local government corporation bonds were included in Other assets within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The contractual terms of these promissory notes include interest payments due at maturity; however, we have not recorded accrued interest on these promissory notes because uncertainty exists as to RDC s ability to make interest payments. We have the positive intent and ability to hold the local government corporation bonds until the amortized cost is recovered. The estimated fair values of such investments are principally based on appraised values of the land associated with Retama Park Racetrack, which are classified as Level 2 inputs. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 The fair value of our Amended Term Loan A Facility, Amended Term Loan B Facility, Notes, Notes, and the Convertible Notes is estimated based on quoted prices in active markets. During the first quarter of 2024, we reassessed the trading frequency of our previously described long-term debt instruments and reclassified them from a Level 1 measurement to a Level 2 measurement. 
 Other long-term obligations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 included a financing arrangement entered in February of 2021 (as discussed below) as well as the repayment obligation of the hotel and event center located near Hollywood Casino Lawrenceburg. See Note 7, Long-Term Debt for details. The fair value of the Lawrenceburg repayment obligation is estimated based on rates consistent with the Company s credit rating for comparable terms and debt instruments and is classified as a Level 2 measurement. 
 Additionally, in February 2021, we entered into a third-party financing arrangement providing the Company with upfront cash proceeds while permitting us to participate in future proceeds on certain claims. The financing obligation has been classified as a non-current liability and the fair value of the financing obligation is based on what we expect to be settled in a future period of which the principal is contingent and predicated on other events, plus accreted period non-cash interest using an 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 until the claims and related obligation is settled. The financing obligation has been classified as a Level 3 measurement and is included within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets in Long-term debt, net of current maturities, debt discount, and debt issuance costs. See Note 7, Long-Term Debt. 
 Other Liabilities 
 Other liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 include contingent purchase price liabilities related to Plainridge Park Casino and HitPoint. The HitPoint contingent purchase price liability is payable in installments up to a maximum of million in the form of cash and equity on the first anniversaries of the acquisition close date and is based on the achievement of mutual goals established by the Company and HitPoint. The final payment of shares and cash were issued during the second and third quarters of 2024, respectively. See Note 12, Stockholders Equity and Stock-Based Compensation. As of September 30, 2024, there are annual achievement periods remaining. The Plainridge Park Casino contingent purchase price liability is calculated based on earnings of the gaming operations over the first of operations, which commenced on June 24, 2015. As of September 30, 2024, we were contractually obligated to make additional annual payment. The fair value of the Plainridge Park Casino contingent purchase price liability is estimated based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow model. These contingent purchase price liabilities have been classified as a Level 3 measurement and are included within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities or Other long-term liabilities, depending on the timing of the next payment. 
 Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Other liabilities include a million and million tax indemnification, respectively, as described in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation. Liabilities associated with the indemnification of million are recorded in Other long-term liabilities within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. The indemnity has been classified as a Level 3 measurement. Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the indemnification include the expected tax rate and the probability of potential outcomes based on valuation methods that utilize unobservable inputs that are significant to the overall fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities Available-for-sale debt securities Held-to-maturity securities Promissory notes Financial liabilities: Long-term debt Amended Credit Facilities Notes 
 Notes 
 Convertible Notes Other long-term obligations Other liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Promissory notes Financial liabilities: Long-term debt Amended Credit Facilities Notes 
 Notes 
 Convertible Notes Other long-term obligations Other liabilities 
 Interest Payment installments ) Included in loss and other comprehensive loss (1) 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) The expense is included in General and administrative within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Other long-term obligation Discounted cash flow Discount rate Contingent purchase price - Plainridge Park Casino Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 
 Note 15 
 reportable segments: Northeast, South, West, Midwest, and Interactive. Our gaming and racing properties are grouped by geographic location, and each is viewed as an operating segment with the exception of our properties in Jackpot, Nevada, which are viewed as operating segment. We consider our combined VGT operations, by state, to be separate operating segments. Interactive includes all of our online gaming operations, management of retail sports betting, media, and in the prior year, the operating results of Barstool. We owned of Barstool common stock prior to the February 17, 2023 Barstool Acquisition, pursuant to which we acquired the remaining of Barstool common stock. On August 8, 2023, we entered into the Barstool SPA, and we sold of the outstanding shares of Barstool common stock. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions for further information. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

South segment West segment Midwest segment Interactive segment Other (1) 
 Intersegment eliminations (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Total Adjusted EBITDAR (3) : 
 Northeast segment South segment West segment Midwest segment Interactive segment ) ) ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total (3) 
 Other operating benefits (costs) and other income (expenses): Rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (4) 
 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Cash-settled stock-based awards variance Gain (loss) on disposal of assets ) Contingent purchase price ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges Non-operating items of equity method investments (5) 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Interest income Loss on disposal of Barstool (6) 
 ) ) Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net (7) 
 Gain on REIT transactions, net (8) 
 Other (9) 
 ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 (1) The Other category consists of the Company s stand-alone racing operations, namely Sanford-Orlando Kennel Club, Sam Houston and Valley Race Park, the Company s joint venture interests in Freehold Raceway, and our management contract for Retama Park Racetrack. The Other category also includes corporate overhead costs, which consist of certain expenses, such as: payroll, professional fees, travel expenses, and other general and administrative expenses that do not directly relate or have not otherwise been allocated. Corporate overhead costs were million and 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Primarily represents the elimination of intersegment revenues associated with our retail sportsbooks, which are operated by PENN Interactive. 
 (3) We define Adjusted EBITDAR as earnings before interest expense, net, interest income, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (see footnote (4) below), stock-based compensation, debt extinguishment charges, impairment losses, insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges, changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent purchase price obligations, gain or loss on disposal of assets, the difference between budget and actual expense for cash-settled stock-based awards, pre-opening expenses, non-cash gains/losses associated with REIT transactions, loss on disposal of business, non-cash gains/losses associated with partial and step acquisitions as measured in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , and other. Adjusted EBITDAR is also inclusive of income or loss from unconsolidated affiliates, with our share of non-operating items (see footnote (5) below) added back for Barstool and our Kansas Entertainment joint venture. 
 (4) Amounts pertain to the operating lease components contained within the: (i) AR PENN Master Lease; (ii) 2023 Master Lease; (iii) Margaritaville Lease; and (iv) Greektown Lease. 
 (5) Consists principally of interest expense, net, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation expense associated with Barstool prior to acquiring the remaining of Barstool common stock (see Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions ), and our Kansas Entertainment joint venture. 
 (6) Relates to the loss incurred on the sale of of the outstanding shares of Barstool which was completed on August 8, 2023 (see Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions ). 
 (7) Includes a gain of million associated with Barstool related to remeasurement of the equity investment immediately prior to the acquisition date of February 17, 2023 and a gain of million related to the acquisition of the remaining of Barstool common stock (see Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions ). 
 (8) Upon the execution of the February 21, 2023 AR PENN Master Lease and the 2023 Master Lease, both effective January 1, 2023, we recognized a gain of million as a result of the reclassification and remeasurement of lease components (see Note 8, Leases ). 
 (9) Primarily relates to an unrealized holding gain of million and an unrealized holding loss on our equity securities of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and unrealized holding losses of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are discussed in Note 14, Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 The table below presents capital expenditures by segment: For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Capital expenditures: Northeast segment South segment West segment Midwest segment Interactive segment Other Total capital expenditures 
 The table below presents investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates and total assets by segment: 
 (in millions) Northeast South West Midwest Interactive Other (1) 
 Total Balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates Total assets 
 (1) The real estate assets subject to the Master Leases, which are classified as either property and equipment, net, operating lease ROU assets, or finance lease ROU assets, are included within the Other category. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 PENN Entertainment, Inc., together with its subsidiaries PENN, the Company, we, our, or us ), is North America s leading provider of integrated entertainment, sports content, and casino gaming experiences. As of September 30, 2024, PENN operated 43 properties in 20 states, online sports betting in 20 jurisdictions and iCasino in five jurisdictions, under a portfolio of well-recognized brands including Hollywood Casino , L Auberge , ESPN BET , and theScore BET Sportsbook and Casino . In August 2023, PENN entered into a transformative, exclusive long-term strategic alliance with ESPN, Inc. and ESPN Enterprises, Inc. (together, ESPN relating to online sports betting within the United States. PENN s ability to leverage the leading sports media brands in the United States (ESPN) and Canada (theScore) is central to our highly differentiated strategy to expand our footprint and efficiently grow our customer ecosystem. The Company s focus on organic cross-sell opportunities is reinforced by our market-leading retail casinos, sports media assets, and technology, including a proprietary state-of-the-art, fully integrated digital sports and iCasino betting platform and an in-house iCasino content studio. PENN s portfolio is further bolstered by our industry-leading PENN Play customer loyalty program, which offers our 31 million members a unique set of rewards and experiences across business channels. 
 The majority of the real estate assets (i.e., land and buildings) used in our operations are subject to triple net master leases; the most significant of which are with Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (Nasdaq: GLPI) GLPI ), a real estate investment trust REIT ), and include the AR PENN Master Lease, 2023 Master Lease, and Pinnacle Master Lease (as such terms are defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources and collectively referred to as the Master Leases ). 
 Recent Acquisitions, Dispositions, Development Projects, and Other 
 On February 17, 2023, we acquired the remaining 64 of the outstanding shares of Barstool Sports, Inc. Barstool common stock not already owned by us for a consideration of approximately 405.5 million, which is inclusive of cash and common stock issuance, repayment of Barstool indebtedness of 23.8 million, transaction expenses and other purchase price adjustments in accordance with GAAP (the Barstool Acquisition ). Prior to the Barstool Acquisition, we held a 36 ownership interest, which was accounted for under the equity method. 
 On August 8, 2023, PENN entered into a Sportsbook Agreement (the Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN, which provides for a long-term strategic relationship between PENN and ESPN relating to online sports betting in the United States. Pursuant to the Sportsbook Agreement, PENN rebranded its existing Barstool Sportsbook across all online platforms in the United States as ESPN BET (the Sportsbook and oversees daily operations of the Sportsbook (see Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
 On August 8, 2023, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with David Portnoy (the Barstool SPA and we sold 100 of the outstanding shares of Barstool common stock. As a result of the Barstool SPA, we recognized a pre-tax loss on disposal of 923.2 million (inclusive of 714.8 million in goodwill and intangible assets write offs and a 70.0 million indemnification liability) incurred in the third quarter of 2023. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 14, Fair Value Measurements in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On February 21, 2023, as described in Liquidity and Capital Resources, the Company and GLPI entered into an agreement to amend and restate the triple net master lease dated November 1, 2013 (the AR PENN Master Lease ), effective January 1, 2023, to (i) remove the land and buildings for Hollywood Casino Aurora Aurora ), Hollywood Casino Joliet Joliet ), Hollywood Casino Columbus Columbus ), Hollywood Casino Toledo Toledo ), and the M Resort Spa Casino M Resort ), and (ii) make associated adjustments to the rent after which the initial rent in the AR PENN Master Lease was reset to 284.1 million, consisting of 208.2 million of building base rent, 43.0 million of land base rent and 32.9 million of percentage rent (as such terms are defined in the AR PENN Master Lease). The AR PENN Master Lease remains subject to annual rent escalators and a percentage rent reset every five years. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Concurrent with the execution of the AR PENN Master Lease, the Company and GLPI entered into a new master lease (the 2023 Master Lease ), effective January 1, 2023, specific to the properties associated with Aurora, Joliet, Columbus, Toledo, M Resort, Hollywood Casino at The Meadows Meadows and Hollywood Casino Perryville Perryville and a master development agreement (the Master Development Agreement ). The 2023 Master Lease terminated the individual triple net leases associated with Meadows and Perryville. The 2023 Master Lease incurs a 1.5 fixed escalator on November 1 of each year, and is also subject to a one-time increase of 1.4 million effective November 1, 2027. The 2023 Master Lease and AR PENN Master Lease are cross-defaulted, cross-collateralized, and coterminous, and subject to a parent guarantee. 
 The 2023 Master Lease includes a base rent (the 2023 Master Lease Base Rent equal to 232.2 million and the Master Development Agreement contains additional rent (together with the 2023 Master Lease Base Rent, the 2023 Master Lease Rent equal to (i) 7.75 of any project funding received by PENN from GLPI for an anticipated relocation of our riverboat casino and related developments with respect to Aurora (the Aurora Project and (ii) a percentage, based on the then-current GLPI stock price, of any project funding received by PENN from GLPI for certain anticipated development projects with respect to Joliet, Columbus, and M Resort (the Other Development Projects and together with the Aurora Project, the PENN Development Projects ). The Master Development Agreement provides that GLPI will fund up to 225 million for the Aurora Project and, upon our request, up to 350 million in the aggregate for the Other Development Projects, in accordance with certain terms and conditions set forth in the Master Development Agreement. These funding obligations of GLPI expire on January 1, 2026. The PENN Development Projects have commenced. Our new Joliet facility is anticipated to open in the second half of 2025 and the new Aurora facility, the M Resort new hotel tower, and the Columbus hotel tower are anticipated to open in the first half of 2026. 
 We believe that our portfolio of assets provides us with the benefit of geographically-diversified cash flow from operations. We expect to continue to expand our gaming operations through the implementation and execution of a disciplined capital expenditure program at our existing properties, the pursuit of strategic acquisitions and investments, and the development of new gaming properties. In addition, the acquisition of theScore Media and Gaming, Inc. theScore and our Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN reflects our strategy to continue evolving from the nation s largest regional gaming operator to a best-in-class omni-channel provider of retail gaming, iCasino, and sports betting entertainment. 
 Operating and Competitive Environment 
 Most of our properties operate in mature, competitive markets. We expect the majority of our future growth to come from our online sports betting and iCasino businesses; improvements, expansions, or relocations of our existing properties; entrance into new jurisdictions; expansions of gaming in existing jurisdictions; strategic investments and acquisitions; and cross-sell opportunities between our retail gaming, online sports betting, and iCasino businesses. Our portfolio is comprised largely of well-maintained regional gaming facilities, which has allowed us to develop what we believe to be a solid base for future growth opportunities. 
 We continuously adjust operations, offerings, and cost structures to reflect changing economic conditions, as well as consumer demand and behaviors. We also continue to focus on revenue and cost synergies from recent acquisitions, technology enhancements, and providing customers with additional gaming and entertainment experiences through our differentiated omni-channel strategy. We seek to grow our customer database and PENN Play loyalty program through our online sports betting and iCasino businesses, the development of new properties, the expansion of existing properties and other business lines, and through partnerships with third-party partners, such as Ticketmaster Entertainment, LLC, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., Live Nation Entertainment, Inc., and Choice Hotels International, Inc. In addition, our strategic acquisitions (e.g. theScore) and strategic relationships (e.g. our Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN), are expected to allow us to acquire new customers, expand our player database, and provide additional revenue streams, all in furtherance of our omni-channel strategy. 
 The gaming, media, and entertainment industries are characterized by an increasingly high degree of competition among a large number of participants. We compete with a variety of gaming operations, including casinos and hotel casinos of varying quality and size and other gaming options such as state and province-sponsored internet lotteries, sweepstakes, charitable gaming, video gaming terminals at bars, restaurants, taverns and truck stops, illegal slot machines and skill games, fantasy sports and third-party internet or mobile-based gaming platforms, including both legal and illegal iCasino and sports betting operations. See the Segment comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 section below for discussions on our results of operations by reportable segment. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Key Performance Indicators 
 In our business, revenue is driven by discretionary consumer spending. We have no certain mechanism for determining why consumers choose to spend more or less money at our properties or on our online offerings from period-to-period; therefore, we are unable to quantify a dollar amount for each factor that impacts our customers spending behaviors. However, based on our experience, we can generally offer some insight into the factors that we believe are likely to account for such changes and which factors may have a greater impact than others. For example, decreases in discretionary consumer spending have historically been brought about by weakened general economic conditions, such as recessions, inflation, rising interest rate environments, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness in the housing market, high fuel or other transportation costs, low consumer confidence, and the effects of pandemics. In addition, visitation and the volume of play have historically been negatively impacted by significant construction surrounding our properties, adverse regional weather conditions, and natural disasters. In all instances, such insights are based solely on our judgment and professional experience, and no assurance can be given as to the accuracy of our judgments. 
 The majority of our revenues is gaming revenue, which is highly dependent upon the volume and spending levels of customers at our properties. Our gaming revenue is derived primarily from slot machines (which represented approximately 85 of our gaming revenue for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023) and, to a lesser extent, table games, online sports betting, and iCasino. Aside from gaming revenue, our revenues are primarily derived from our hotel, dining, retail, commissions, program sales, admissions, concessions and certain other ancillary activities, and our racing operations. 
 Key performance indicators related to gaming revenue are slot handle and table game drop, which are volume indicators, and win or hold percentage. Our typical property slot win percentage is in the range of approximately 7 to 11 of slot handle, and our typical table game hold percentage is in the range of approximately 12 to 28 of table game drop. 
 Slot handle is the gross amount wagered during a given period. The win or hold percentage is the net amount of gaming wins and losses, with liabilities recognized for accruals related to the anticipated payout of progressive jackpots. Given the stability in our slot hold percentages on a historical basis, we have not experienced significant impacts to net income from changes in these percentages. For table games, customers usually purchase chips at the gaming tables. The cash and markers (extensions of credit granted to certain credit-worthy customers) are deposited in the gaming table s drop box. Table game hold is the amount of drop that is retained and recorded as gaming revenue, with liabilities recognized for funds deposited by customers before gaming play occurs and for unredeemed gaming chips. As we are primarily focused on regional gaming markets, our table game hold percentages are fairly stable as the majority of these markets do not regularly experience high-end play, which can lead to volatility in hold percentages. Therefore, changes in table game hold percentages do not typically have a material impact to our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Under normal operating conditions, our properties generate significant operating cash flow since most of our revenue is cash-based from slot machines and table games. Our business is capital intensive, and we rely on cash flow from our properties to generate sufficient cash to satisfy our obligations under the Triple Net Leases (as defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources ), repay debt, fund maintenance capital expenditures, repurchase our common stock, fund new capital projects at existing properties, and provide excess cash for future development and acquisitions. Additional information regarding our capital projects is discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 Reportable Segments 
 We have aggregated our operating segments into five reportable segments. Retail operating segments are based on the similar characteristics within the regions in which they operate: Northeast, South, West, and Midwest. The Interactive segment includes all of our online sports betting, online casino/iCasino, and social gaming (collectively referred to as online gaming operations, management of retail sports betting, media, and in the prior year, the operating results of Barstool subsequent to the Barstool Acquisition on February 17, 2023 and prior to the Barstool divestiture on August 8, 2023 (as defined and discussed in Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions ). We view each of our gaming and racing properties as an operating segment with the exception of our two properties in Jackpot, Nevada, which we view as one operating segment. We consider our combined Video Gaming Terminal VGT operations, by state, to be separate operating segments. For a listing of our gaming properties and VGT operations included in each reportable segment, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table highlights our revenues, net loss, and Adjusted EBITDA, on a consolidated basis, as well as our revenues and Adjusted EBITDAR by reportable segment. Such segment reporting is consistent with how we measure our business and allocate resources internally. We consider net loss to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDAR, and Adjusted EBITDAR margin; as well as a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR and related margins. 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Northeast segment 684.8 687.0 2,065.8 2,075.5 South segment 288.1 308.2 884.8 931.3 West segment 131.8 135.1 395.9 394.8 Midwest segment 292.2 293.4 881.5 882.0 Interactive segment 244.6 196.3 684.9 687.3 Other (1) 
 4.0 4.5 15.9 16.5 Intersegment eliminations (2) 
 (6.3) (5.1) (19.7) (19.9) Total 1,639.2 1,619.4 4,909.1 4,967.5 Net loss (37.5) (725.1) (179.5) (132.6) Adjusted EBITDAR: Northeast segment 199.3 208.3 606.6 638.5 South segment 106.4 136.6 331.3 381.1 West segment 47.5 54.7 144.0 153.4 Midwest segment 118.5 123.8 365.4 376.5 Interactive segment (90.9) (50.2) (389.7) (68.7) Other (1) 
 (32.4) (28.1) (86.0) (80.7) Total (3) 
 348.4 445.1 971.6 1,400.1 Rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (4) 
 (154.9) (146.6) (464.6) (439.0) Adjusted EBITDA 193.5 298.5 507.0 961.1 Net loss margin (2.3) (44.8) (3.7) (2.7) Adjusted EBITDAR margin 
 21.3 27.5 19.8 28.2 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 11.8 18.4 10.3 19.3 
 (1) The Other category consists of the Company s stand-alone racing operations, namely Sanford-Orlando Kennel Club, Sam Houston and Valley Race Park, the Company s joint venture interests in Freehold Raceway, and our management contract for Retama Park Racetrack. Expenses incurred for corporate and shared services activities that are directly attributable to a property or are otherwise incurred to support a property are allocated to each property. The Other category also includes corporate overhead costs, which consist of certain expenses, such as: payroll, professional fees, travel expenses, and other general and administrative expenses that do not directly relate or have not otherwise been allocated. Corporate overhead costs were 29.1 million and 27.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 78.5 million and 78.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Primarily represents the elimination of intersegment revenues associated with our retail sportsbooks, which are operated by PENN Interactive. 
 (3) The total is a mathematical calculation derived from the sum of reportable segments (as well as the Other category). As noted within Non-GAAP Financial Measures below, Adjusted EBITDAR, and the related margin, is presented on a consolidated basis outside the financial statements solely as a valuation metric. 
 (4) Pertains to the following operating leases: (i) AR PENN Master Lease; (ii) 2023 Master Lease; (iii) Margaritaville Lease; and (iv) Greektown Lease. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenues 
 The following table presents our consolidated revenues: 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming 1,288.0 1,252.1 35.9 2.9 3,878.6 3,869.5 9.1 0.2 Food, beverage, hotel, and other 351.2 367.3 (16.1) (4.4) 1,030.5 1,098.0 (67.5) (6.1) Total revenues 1,639.2 1,619.4 19.8 1.2 4,909.1 4,967.5 (58.4) (1.2) 
 Gaming revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 35.9 million compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to an increase in gaming revenues at our Interactive segment, partially offset by decreases in gaming revenues at our South segment where s evere weather events negatively impacted our operations . In our Interactive segment, g aming revenues were positively impacted by favorable sports betting hold rates driven by a higher parlay mix from our improving product offering and lower promotional expenses. 
 Gaming revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 9.1 million compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due an increase in gaming revenues at our Interactive segment, partially offset by a decrease in gaming revenues within our South segment. In addition to severe weather events negatively impacting our South segment operations during the current quarter, i n the first quarter of 2024, severe weather affected weekends and holidays across all our regional property segments, negatively impacting our operations. Furthermore, retail gaming revenues decreased as new supply continues to impact visitation in certain retail property segments . 
 Food, beverage, hotel, and other revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 16.1 million and 67.5 million , respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease for both periods primarily relates to the inclusion of 100 of the operating results of Barstool subsequent to the Barstool Acquisition on February 17, 2023 and prior to the Barstool disposal on August 8, 2023 in the prior year periods. Due to the Barstool disposal, the current year periods do not include any Barstool revenues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this was offset by an increase in gaming tax amounts related to third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino partners for online sports betting and iCasino market access of 19.4 million compared to the prior year period. 
 See Segment comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 below for more detailed explanations of the fluctuations in revenues. 
 Operating expenses 
 The following table presents our consolidated operating expenses: 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses Gaming 826.1 709.0 117.1 16.5 2,576.7 2,149.1 427.6 19.9 Food, beverage, hotel, and other 244.4 261.4 (17.0) (6.5) 715.2 773.5 (58.3) (7.5) General and administrative 392.5 406.4 (13.9) (3.4) 1,170.1 1,179.6 (9.5) (0.8) Depreciation and amortization 108.7 105.8 2.9 2.7 326.5 323.9 2.6 0.8 Loss on disposal of Barstool 923.2 (923.2) N/M 923.2 (923.2) N/M Total operating expenses 1,571.7 2,405.8 (834.1) (34.7) 4,788.5 5,349.3 (560.8) (10.5) 
 Gaming expenses consist primarily of gaming taxes, payroll, marketing and promotional, and other expenses associated with our gaming operations. Gaming expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 117.1 million and 427.6 million, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to increased marketing expense within our Interactive segment related to ESPN and increased gaming costs driven by increased ESPN BET volumes. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Food, beverage, hotel, and other expenses consist primarily of payroll expenses, costs of goods sold, and other costs associated with our food, beverage, hotel, retail, racing, and Interactive operations. Fo od, beverage, hotel, and other expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 17.0 million and 58.3 million , respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to the inclusion of Barstool operating expenses in the prior year periods subsequent to the Barstool Acquisition on February 17, 2023 and prior to the Barstool disposal on August 8, 2023. Due to the Barstool disposal, the current year periods do not include any Barstool operating expenses. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was partially offset by an increase in gaming tax reimbursement amounts related to third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino partners for online sports betting and iCasino market access. 
 General and administrative expenses include items such as compliance, facility maintenance, utilities, property and liability insurance, surveillance and security, and lobbying expenses, as well as all expenses for administrative departments such as accounting, purchasing, human resources, legal and internal audit. General and administrative expenses also include stock-based compensation expense; pre-opening expenses; acquisition and transaction costs; gains and losses on disposal of assets; insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges; changes in the fair value of our contingent purchase price obligations; expense associated with cash-settled stock-based awards (including changes in fair value thereto); and rent expense associated with our triple net operating leases. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses decreased by 13.9 million and 9.5 million, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease was offset by increases in rent expense associated with triple net operating leases of 8.3 million and 25.6 million, respectively, stemming primarily from annual escalators on our triple net operating leases. 
 Depreciation and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.9 million and 2.6 million, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods. 
 Loss on disposal of Barstool relates to the loss on the sale of 100 of the outstanding shares of Barstool to David Portnoy in exchange for nominal cash consideration as described in Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Other income (expenses) 
 The following table presents our consolidated other income (expenses): 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other income (expenses) Interest expense, net (118.4) (117.5) (0.9) 0.8 (356.9) (346.1) (10.8) 3.1 Interest income 6.3 10.2 (3.9) (38.2) 19.2 30.5 (11.3) (37.0) Income from unconsolidated affiliates 7.1 7.2 (0.1) (1.4) 22.1 17.0 5.1 30.0 Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net 83.4 (83.4) N/M Gain on REIT transactions, net 500.8 (500.8) N/M Other 2.8 (0.3) 3.1 N/M 2.5 4.5 (2.0) (44.4) Income tax benefit (expense) (2.8) 161.7 (164.5) N/M 13.0 (40.9) 53.9 N/M N/M - Not meaningful 
 Interest expense, net increased by 0.9 million and 10.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in interest expense for our finance leases related to the Pinnacle Master Lease rent reset and escalator, both of which were effective May 1, 2024, and the increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to an increase in interest expense on our Senior Secured Credit Facilities related to an overall increase in interest rates as well as the Pinnacle Master Lease rent escalator effective May 1, 2024. 
 Interest income decreased by 3.9 million and 11.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to a decrease in the amount invested in money market funds, which we use for short term investing. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Income from unconsolidated affiliates relates principally to our investment in Kansas Entertainment and Freehold Raceway joint ventures. The increase of 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the corresponding prior year period, is due to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 including a 4.1 million loss for Barstool prior to the Barstool Acquisition on February 17, 2023. 
 Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 relates to the gain on our acquisition of all the outstanding shares of Barstool common stock not already owned by us on February 17, 2023 as described in Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. The gain consisted of 66.5 million related to the remeasurement of our equity investment immediately prior to the acquisition date and 16.9 million related to the acquisition of the remaining 64 of Barstool common stock. 
 Gain on REIT transactions, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 relates to the execution of both the AR PENN Master Lease and 2023 Master Lease on February 21, 2023, which resulted in the (i) derecognition of 1.6 billion of financing obligations and (ii) derecognition of 1.1 billion of Property and Equipment, net. In conjunction with entering into the 2023 Master Lease, the individual triple net leases associated with Meadows and Perryville were terminated which resulted in a 6.5 million loss from the derecognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. See Note 8, Leases to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on both of these transactions. 
 Other primarily relates to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities held by PENN Interactive, unrealized gains and losses related to certain Barstool shares (prior to the Barstool Acquisition on February 17, 2023), as well as miscellaneous income and expense items. Equity securities were provided to the Company in conjunction with entering into multi-year agreements with sports betting operators for online sports betting and iCasino market access across our portfolio. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, other income primarily consisted of an unrealized holding gain of 3.0 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income primarily consisted of dividend income received, partially offset by an unrealized holding loss of 2.4 million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, other income primarily consisted of unrealized holding losses of 11.6 million and 8.5 million, respectively, which were offset by dividend income received. Additionally, the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a 3.1 million gain related to remeasurement and settlement of Barstool put/call options prior to the Barstool Acquisition . 
 Income tax benefit (expense) was an expense of 2.8 million as compared to a benefit of 161.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a benefit of 13.0 million as compared to an expense of 40.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate (income taxes as a percentage of income from operations before income taxes) including discrete items was 23.1 and 18.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 19.0 and 1,698.9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. We excluded certain foreign losses from our worldwide effective tax rate calculation due to a year-to-date ordinary loss for which no benefit may be recognized. The change in the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior periods was primarily due to (i) non-deductible permanent items offset against tax credit utilization, (ii) excluding certain foreign losses from our worldwide effective tax rate calculation for which no tax benefit may be recognized, (iii) state taxes, (iv) changes to the valuation allowances, and (v) the Barstool transaction. See Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 10, Income Taxes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
 Our effective income tax rate can vary each reporting period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of our earnings, changes to our valuation allowances, and the level of our tax credits. Certain of these and other factors, including our history and projections of pre-tax earnings, are considered in assessing our ability to realize our net deferred tax assets. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Segment comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Northeast Segment 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming 609.9 610.8 (0.9) (0.1) 1,850.3 1,856.6 (6.3) (0.3) Food, beverage, hotel, and other 74.9 76.2 (1.3) (1.7) 215.5 218.9 (3.4) (1.6) Total revenues 684.8 687.0 (2.2) (0.3) 2,065.8 2,075.5 (9.7) (0.5) Adjusted EBITDAR 199.3 208.3 (9.0) (4.3) 606.6 638.5 (31.9) (5.0) Adjusted EBITDAR margin 29.1 30.3 -120 bps 29.4 30.8 -140 bps 
 The Northeast segment s revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 2.2 million, primarily due to a decrease in gaming revenues due to unfavorable hold rates as well as a decrease in racing revenue. 
 The Northeast segment s revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 9.7 million, primarily due to severe weather events during the first quarter of 2024 negatively impacting our operations, unfavorable hold rates in the third quarter of 2024, and decreases in gaming revenues at several of our properties due to increased competition. Food and beverage revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased primarily due to a decrease in racing revenue as well as the weather events during the first quarter resulting in a decline in visitation compared to the prior year period. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Northeast segment s Adjusted EBITDAR decreased 9.0 million, and Ad justed EBITDAR margin decreased to 29.1 , primarily d ue to increased labor costs and unfavorable hold rates in the current year quarter. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Northeast segment s Adjusted EBITDAR decreased 31.9 million, primarily due to decreased gaming and non-gaming revenues. Ad justed EBITDAR margin decreased to 29.4 primarily due to the reversal of certain accrued gaming taxes in the prior year period and increased labor and marketing costs in the current year period. 
 South Segment 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming 220.2 236.8 (16.6) (7.0) 684.2 728.0 (43.8) (6.0) Food, beverage, hotel, and other 67.9 71.4 (3.5) (4.9) 200.6 203.3 (2.7) (1.3) Total revenues 288.1 308.2 (20.1) (6.5) 884.8 931.3 (46.5) (5.0) Adjusted EBITDAR 106.4 136.6 (30.2) (22.1) 331.3 381.1 (49.8) (13.1) Adjusted EBITDAR margin 36.9 44.3 -740 bps 37.4 40.9 -350 bps 
 The South segment s revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 20.1 million and 46.5 million, respectively, compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to a decrease in gaming revenues as increased competition negatively impacted visitation at several of our properties and severe weather events in the first and third quarter of 2024 negatively impacted our operations. Food, beverage, hotel, and other revenues decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to accelerating our hotel remodeling in the current year quarter and the negative weather impact on operations, as discussed above. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the South segment s Adjusted EBITDAR decreased 30.2 million and 49.8 million, respectively, and Adjusted EBITDAR margin decreased to 36.9 and 37.4 , respectively, primarily due to the decrease in revenues as described above. Additionally, the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 positively i mpacted by the receipt of 14.0 million in business interruption proceeds related to the loss experienced in 2020 due to Hurricane Laura. 
 West Segment 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming 89.8 94.5 (4.7) (5.0) 275.9 281.3 (5.4) (1.9) Food, beverage, hotel, and other 42.0 40.6 1.4 3.4 120.0 113.5 6.5 5.7 Total revenues 131.8 135.1 (3.3) (2.4) 395.9 394.8 1.1 0.3 Adjusted EBITDAR 47.5 54.7 (7.2) (13.2) 144.0 153.4 (9.4) (6.1) Adjusted EBITDAR margin 36.0 40.5 -450 bps 36.4 38.9 -250 bps 
 The West segment s revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3.3 million, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in gaming revenues as road construction and increased competition negatively impacted visitation at our West segment properties, partially offset by an increase in food, beverage, hotel, and other revenues. 
 The West segment s revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.1 million, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to an increase in hotel and food and beverage revenues, partially offset by a decrease in gaming revenues as isolated weather events negatively impacted visitation during the first quarter of 2024 . 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the West segment s Adjusted EBITDAR decreased 7.2 million and 9.4 million, respectively, and Adjusted EBITDAR margin decreased to 36.0 and 36.4 , respectively, primarily due to the decreases in gaming revenues discussed above and increased labor costs. 
 Midwest Segment 
 For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming 259.1 260.1 (1.0) (0.4) 784.7 787.5 (2.8) (0.4) Food, beverage, hotel, and other 33.1 33.3 (0.2) (0.6) 96.8 94.5 2.3 2.4 Total revenues 292.2 293.4 (1.2) (0.4) 881.5 882.0 (0.5) (0.1) Adjusted EBITDAR 118.5 123.8 (5.3) (4.3) 365.4 376.5 (11.1) (2.9) Adjusted EBITDAR margin 40.6 42.2 -160 bps 41.5 42.7 -120 bps 
 The Midwest segment s revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were flat compared to the prior year quarter . The Midwest segment s revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.5 million, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in gaming revenues during the period as severe weather events in the first quarter of 2024 negatively impacted visitation , partially offset by an increase in hotel and food and beverage revenues in the second quarter of 2024 . 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Midwest segment s Adjusted EBITDAR decreased 5.3 million and 11.1 million, respectively, and A djusted EBITDAR margin decreased to 40.6 and 41.5 , respectively, primarily due to the decreases in gaming revenues discussed above, increased labor costs, and an increase in general and administrative costs. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Interactive Segment For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Gaming 109.0 49.9 59.1 118.4 283.5 216.1 67.4 31.2 Food, beverage, hotel, and other (1) 
 135.6 146.4 (10.8) (7.4) 401.4 471.2 (69.8) (14.8) Total revenues 244.6 196.3 48.3 24.6 684.9 687.3 (2.4) (0.3) Adjusted EBITDAR (90.9) (50.2) (40.7) 81.1 (389.7) (68.7) (321.0) N/M Adjusted EBITDAR margin (37.2) (25.6) N/M (56.9) (10.0) N/M 
 (1) - Food, beverage, hotel, and other only includes other revenue. 
 N/M - Not meaningful 
 The Interactive segment s revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 48.3 million compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to an increase in gaming revenues. In the current quarter, gaming revenues were positively impacted by favorable sports betting hold rates driven by a higher parlay mix from our improving product offering and lower promotional expenses. Other revenues are inclusive of gaming tax amounts related to third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino partners for online sports betting and iCasino market access of 104.1 million and 102.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Interactive segment s revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.4 million compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in other revenues, partially offset by an increase in gaming revenues. The decrease in other revenues primarily relate to 99.2 million of Barstool revenues subsequent to the Barstool Acquisition on February 17, 2023 and prior to the Barstool disposal on August 8, 2023 being included in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Due to the Barstool disposal, the current year period does not include any Barstool operating results. Furthermore, other revenues are inclusive of gaming tax amounts related to third-party online sports betting and/or iCasino partners for online sports betting and iCasino market access of 302.8 million and 283.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Interactive segment s Adjusted EBITDAR and Adjusted EBITDAR margin decreased primarily due to the decrease in other revenues as discussed above, as well as an increase in marketing expense due to the continued promotion of ESPN BET. 
 Other For the three months ended September 30, Change For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Food, beverage, hotel, and other 
 4.0 4.5 (0.5) (11.1) 15.9 16.5 (0.6) (3.6) Total revenues 4.0 4.5 (0.5) (11.1) 15.9 16.5 (0.6) (3.6) Adjusted EBITDAR (32.4) (28.1) (4.3) 15.3 (86.0) (80.7) (5.3) 6.6 
 Other consists of the Company s stand-alone racing operations, as well as corporate overhead costs, which primarily includes certain expenses such as payroll, professional fees, travel expenses, and other general and administrative expenses that do not directly relate to or have not otherwise been allocated. Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased slightly compared to the prior ye ar periods, primarily due to fluctuations in racing revenues. Corporate overhead costs were 29.1 million and 27.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 78.5 million and 78.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Changes in Adjusted EBITDAR for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily relate to higher general and administrative costs, slightly offset by a decrease in labor costs. 
 Changes in Adjusted EBITDAR for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily relate to higher labor costs, slightly offset by a decrease in general and administrative costs. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Use and Definitions 
 In addition to GAAP financial measures, management uses Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDAR, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted EBITDAR margin as non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, nor superior to, financial results and measures determined or calculated in accordance with GAAP. Each of these non-GAAP financial measures is not calculated in the same manner by all companies and, accordingly, may not be an appropriate measure of comparing performance among different companies. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest expense, net; interest income; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation; debt extinguishment charges; impairment losses; insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges; changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent purchase price obligations; gain or loss on disposal of assets; the difference between budget and actual expense for cash-settled stock-based awards; pre-opening expenses; loss on disposal of business; non-cash gains/losses associated with REIT transactions as described in Note 8, Leases to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements; non-cash gains/losses associated with partial and step acquisitions as measured in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations and other. Adjusted EBITDA is inclusive of income or loss from unconsolidated affiliates, with our share of non-operating items (such as interest expense, net; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; and stock-based compensation expense) added back for Barstool Sports, Inc. (prior to our acquisition of the remaining 64 of Barstool common stock on February 17, 2023) and our Kansas Entertainment, LLC joint venture. Adjusted EBITDA is inclusive of rent expense associated with our triple net operating leases with our REIT landlords. Although Adjusted EBITDA includes rent expense associated with our triple net operating leases, we believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful as a supplemental measure in evaluating the performance of our consolidated results of operations. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by consolidated revenues. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has economic substance because it is used by management as a performance measure to analyze the performance of our business, and is especially relevant in evaluating large, long-lived casino-hotel projects because it provides a perspective on the current effects of operating decisions separated from the substantial non-operational depreciation charges and financing costs of such projects. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by some investors and creditors as an indicator of the strength and performance of ongoing business operations, including our ability to service debt, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and operations. These calculations are commonly used as a basis for investors, analysts, and credit rating agencies to evaluate and compare operating performance and value companies within our industry. In order to view the operations of their casinos on a more stand-alone basis, gaming companies, including us, have historically excluded from their Adjusted EBITDA calculations certain corporate expenses that do not relate to the management of specific casino properties. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA information is presented as a supplemental disclosure, as management believes that it is a commonly used measure of performance in the gaming industry and that it is considered by many to be a key indicator of the Company s operating results. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDAR as Adjusted EBITDA (as defined above) plus rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (which is a normal, recurring cash operating expense necessary to operate our business). Adjusted EBITDAR is presented on a consolidated basis outside the financial statements solely as a valuation metric. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDAR is an additional metric traditionally used by analysts in valuing gaming companies subject to triple net leases since it eliminates the effects of variability in leasing methods and capital structures. This metric is included as a supplemental disclosure because (i) we believe Adjusted EBITDAR is traditionally used by gaming operator analysts and investors to determine the equity value of gaming operators and (ii) Adjusted EBITDAR is one of the metrics used by other financial analysts in valuing our business. We believe Adjusted EBITDAR is useful for equity valuation purposes because (i) its calculation isolates the effects of financing real estate; and (ii) using a multiple of Adjusted EBITDAR to calculate enterprise value allows for an adjustment to the balance sheet to recognize estimated liabilities arising from operating leases related to real estate. However, Adjusted EBITDAR when presented on a consolidated basis is not a financial measure in accordance with GAAP, and should not be viewed as a measure of overall operating performance or considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income because it excludes the rent expense associated with our triple net operating leases and is provided for the limited purposes referenced herein. 
 Adjusted EBITDAR margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDAR on a consolidated basis divided by revenues on a consolidated basis. Adjusted EBITDAR margin is presented on a consolidated basis outside the financial statements solely as a valuation metric. We further define Adjusted EBITDAR margin by reportable segment as Adjusted EBITDAR for each segment divided by segment revenues. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of GAAP Financial Measures to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following table includes a reconciliation of net loss, which is determined in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as well as related margins: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (37.5) (725.1) (179.5) (132.6) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 2.8 (161.7) (13.0) 40.9 Interest expense, net 118.4 117.5 356.9 346.1 Interest income (6.3) (10.2) (19.2) (30.5) Income from unconsolidated affiliates (7.1) (7.2) (22.1) (17.0) Gain on Barstool Acquisition, net (83.4) Gain on REIT transactions, net (500.8) Other (income) expenses (2.8) 0.3 (2.5) (4.5) Operating income (loss) 67.5 (786.4) 120.6 (381.8) Loss on disposal of Barstool 923.2 923.2 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 12.9 35.2 39.0 71.4 Cash-settled stock-based award variance (1)(2) 
 (3.8) (2.9) (14.9) (12.0) Loss (gain) on disposal of assets (1) 
 (0.1) 8.8 Contingent purchase price (1) 
 (1.1) 1.3 (1.1) 1.8 Depreciation and amortization 108.7 105.8 326.5 323.9 Insurance recoveries, net of deductible charges (1) 
 (0.3) (2.7) (13.9) Income from unconsolidated affiliates 7.1 7.2 22.1 17.0 Non-operating items of equity method investments (3) 
 1.1 1.0 3.2 6.4 Other expenses (1)(4) 
 1.2 14.4 5.5 25.1 Adjusted EBITDA 193.5 298.5 507.0 961.1 Rent expense associated with triple net operating leases (1) 
 154.9 146.6 464.6 439.0 Adjusted EBITDAR 348.4 445.1 971.6 1,400.1 Net loss margin (2.3) (44.8) (3.7) (2.7) Adjusted EBITDA margin 11.8 18.4 10.3 19.3 Adjusted EBITDAR margin 21.3 27.5 19.8 28.2 
 1) These items are included in General and administrative within the Company s unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Our cash-settled stock-based awards are adjusted to fair value each reporting period based primarily on the price of the Company s common stock. As such, significant fluctuations in the price of the Company s common stock during any reporting period could cause significant variances to budget on cash-settled stock-based awards. 
 (3) Consists principally of interest expense, net, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation expense associated with Barstool prior to acquiring the remaining 64 of Barstool common stock (see Note 5, Acquisitions and Dispositions in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements), and our Kansas Entertainment joint venture. 
 (4) Consists of non-recurring acquisition and transaction costs, and finance transformation costs associated with the implementation of our new Enterprise Resource Management system. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been and are expected to be cash flow from operations, borrowings from banks, and proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities. Our ongoing liquidity will depend on a number of factors, including available cash resources, cash flow from operations, acquisitions or investments, funding of construction for development projects, and our compliance with covenants contained under our debt agreements. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 256.4 540.7 (284.3) (52.6) Net cash used in investing activities (312.7) (586.0) 273.3 (46.6) Net cash used in financing activities (175.0) (257.9) 82.9 (32.1) 
 Operating Cash Flow 
 Trends in our operating cash flows tend to follow trends in operating income (loss), excluding non-cash charges, but can be affected by changes in working capital, the timing of significant interest payments, tax payments or refunds, and distributions from unconsolidated affiliates. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 284.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a decrease in earnings. 
 Investing Cash Flow 
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of 312.7 million, primarily relates to capital expenditures of 261.7 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities of 586.0 million was primarily related to consideration paid for the Barstool Acquisition, net of cash acquired, of 314.6 million and capital expenditures of 207.8 million. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures are accounted for as either project capital (new facilities or expansions) or maintenance (replacement) which is inclusive of projects such as our retail sportsbooks, our cashless, cardless and contactless technology and hotel renovations. Cash provided by operating activities, as well as cash available under our Amended Revolving Credit Facility, was available to fund our capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as applicable. 
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were 261.7 million and 207.8 million, respectively. For the year ending December 31, 2024 , our anticipated capital expenditures, inclusive of insurance proceeds, are approximately 225.0 million, which include capital expenditures of 130.9 million, incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and capital expenditures required under our Triple Net Leases, which require us to spend a specified percentage of total revenues. Additionally f or the year ending December 31, 2024 , we anticipate capital project expenditures of 275.6 million in connection with the PENN Development Projects as a result of our Master Development Agreement with GLPI (as described in Note 8, Leases in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements), which include capital expenditures of 130.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Master Development Agreement provides that GLPI will fund up to 225.0 million for the Aurora Project and, upon PENN s request, up to 350.0 million in the aggregate for the Other Development Projects, in accordance with certain terms and conditions set forth in the Master Development Agreement. 
 Financing Cash Flow 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities decreased by 82.9 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to 28.6 million in payments on insurance financing as well as 30.5 million in indemnification payments in the current year period, whereas we had repurchases of our common stock of 149.8 million in the prior year period. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, we had 2.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, including 1.5 billion outstanding under our Amended Credit Facilities (as defined in Note 7, Long-Term Debt in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements), 400.0 million outstanding under our 5.625 Notes due 2027 (the 5.625 Notes ), 400.0 million outstanding under our 4.125 Notes due 2029 (the 4.125 Notes ), 330.5 million outstanding under our 2.75 Convertible Notes due 2026, and 197.5 million outstanding in other long-term obligations. No amounts were drawn on our Amended Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7, Long-Term Debt in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements). We have no debt maturing prior to 2026. As of September 30, 2024, we had conditional obligations under letters of credit issued pursuant to the Amended Credit Facilities with face amounts aggregating to 20.9 million resulting in 979.1 million available borrowing capacity under our Amended Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Covenants 
 Our Amended Credit Facilities, 5.625 Notes, and 4.125 Notes require us, among other obligations, to maintain specified financial ratios and to satisfy certain financial tests. In addition, our Amended Credit Facilities, 5.625 Notes, and 4.125 Notes, restrict, among other things, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur guarantee obligations, amend debt instruments, pay dividends, create liens on assets, make investments, engage in mergers or consolidations, and otherwise restrict corporate activities. Our debt agreements also contain customary events of default, including cross-default provisions that require us to meet certain requirements under the AR PENN Master Lease, the 2023 Master Lease, and the Pinnacle Master Lease (all of which are defined below), each with GLPI. If we are unable to meet our financial covenants or in the event of a cross-default, it could trigger an acceleration of payment terms. 
 On February 15, 2024 (the Amendment Effective Date ), PENN entered into a First Amendment (the Amendment Agreement with its various lenders amending its Amended Credit Facilities (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement ). The Amendment Agreement amends the Existing Credit Agreement to provide that, during the period beginning on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date that is two business days after the date on which the Company delivers a covenant relief period termination notice to the administrative agent and (ii) the date on which the administrative agent receives a compliance certificate for the quarter ending December 31, 2024 (the Covenant Relief Period ), the Company will make an adjustment to exclude specified amounts of Interactive segment Adjusted EBITDAR (as defined in Note 15, Segment Information in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in its calculations to comply with the maximum total net leverage ratio or minimum interest coverage ratio (as such terms are defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). We will continue to be required to maintain specified financial ratios and to satisfy certain financial tests when our Covenant Relief Period terminates after December 31, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all required financial covenants. The Company believes that it will remain in compliance with all of its required financial covenants for at least the next 12 months following the date of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC. 
 See Note 7, Long-Term Debt in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of the Company s debt and other long-term obligations. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 On December 6, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization for 750.0 million (the December 2022 Authorization ). The December 2022 Authorization expires on December 31, 2025. 
 The Company utilized the capacity under the previous February 2022 authorization prior to effecting any repurchases under the December 2022 Authorization. Repurchases by the Company are subject to available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations and other legal requirements. There is no minimum number of shares that the Company is required to repurchase and the repurchase authorization may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 No shares of the Company s common stock were repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased 5,438,221 shares of its common stock in open market transactions for 149.8 million, at an average price of 27.54 per share under the February 2022 and December 2022 Authorizations. 
 The cost of all repurchased shares is recorded as Treasury stock within our unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 No shares of the Company s common stock were repurchased subsequent to the quarter ended September 30, 2024. As of November 6, 2024, the remaining availability under our December 2022 Authorization was 749.5 million. 
 Other Factors Affecting Liquidity 
 ESPN BET Sportsbook Agreement 
 On August 8, 2023, PENN entered into the Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN which provides for a long-term strategic relationship between PENN and ESPN relating to online sports betting in the United States. In November 2023, the existing Barstool Sportsbook was rebranded and launched across all online platforms in the United States as ESPN BET, and our online product includes a Hollywood Casino-branded integrated iCasino offering within the sportsbook app where permitted. The Sportsbook Agreement has an initial 10-year term and may be extended for an additional ten years upon mutual agreement of PENN and ESPN. In consideration for the media marketing services and brand and other rights provided by ESPN, PENN will pay 150.0 million per year in cash pursuant to the Sportsbook Agreement for the initial 10-year term and issue warrants pursuant to the Investment Agreement (see Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
 Triple Net Leases 
 The majority of the real estate assets (i.e., land and buildings) used in our operations are subject to triple net master leases; the most significant of which are the AR PENN Master Lease, 2023 Master Lease, and Pinnacle Master Lease (as such terms are defined in Note 8, Leases in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, and collectively referred to as the Master Leases ), with GLPI. We refer to the Master Leases, the Margaritaville Lease, the Greektown Lease, and the Morgantown Lease, collectively, as our Triple Net Leases . The Company s Triple Net Leases are accounted for as either operating leases, finance leases, or financing obligations. 
 On February 21, 2023, as described in Note 8, Leases in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company and GLPI entered into the AR PENN Master Lease, effective January 1, 2023, to (i) remove the land and buildings for Aurora, Joliet, Columbus, Toledo, and the M Resort, and (ii) make associated adjustments to the rent after which the initial rent in the AR PENN Master Lease was reset to 284.1 million, consisting of 208.2 million of building base rent, 43.0 million of land base rent and 32.9 million of percentage rent (as such terms are defined in the AR PENN Master Lease). The AR PENN Master Lease remains subject to annual rent escalators and a percentage rent reset every five years. 
 Concurrent with the execution of the AR PENN Master Lease, the Company and GLPI entered into the 2023 Master Lease, effective January 1, 2023, specific to the properties associated with Aurora, Joliet, Columbus, Toledo, M Resort, Meadows, and Perryville and the Master Development Agreement. The 2023 Master Lease terminated the individual triple net leases associated with Meadows and Perryville. The 2023 Master Lease incurs a 1.5 fixed escalator on November 1 of each year, and is also subject to a one-time increase of 1.4 million effective November 1, 2027. The 2023 Master Lease and AR PENN Master Lease are cross-defaulted, cross-collateralized, coterminous, and subject to a parent guarantee. 
 The 2023 Master Lease includes the 2023 Master Lease Base Rent equal to 232.2 million and the Master Development Agreement contains additional rent (together with the 2023 Master Lease Base Rent, the 2023 Master Lease Rent equal to (i) 7.75 of any project funding received by PENN from GLPI for the Aurora Project and (ii) a percentage, based on the then-current GLPI stock price, of any project funding received by PENN from GLPI for the Other Development Projects. The Master Development Agreement provides that GLPI will fund up to 225 million for the Aurora Project and, upon PENN s request, up to 350 million in the aggregate for the Other Development Projects, in accordance with certain terms and conditions set forth in the Master Development Agreement. These funding obligations of GLPI expire on January 1, 2026. The PENN Development Projects have commenced. Our new Joliet facility is anticipated to open in the second half of 2025 and the new Aurora facility, the M Resort new hotel tower, and the Columbus hotel tower are anticipated to open in the first half of 2026. 
 Under our Triple Net Leases, in addition to lease payments for the real estate assets, we are required to pay the following, among other things: (i) all facility maintenance; (ii) all insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties; (iii) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor); (iv) all tenant capital improvements; and (v) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. Additionally, our Triple Net Leases are subject to annual escalators and periodic percentage rent resets, as applicable. See Note 8, Leases in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion and disclosure related to the Company s leases. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Payments to our REIT Landlords under Triple Net Leases 
 Total payments made to our REIT Landlords, GLPI and VICI, were as follows: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 AR PENN Master Lease 71.0 71.1 212.9 213.1 2023 Master Lease 58.9 58.0 176.7 174.1 Pinnacle Master Lease 87.4 85.3 259.3 254.2 Margaritaville Lease 6.7 6.6 20.1 19.6 Greektown Lease 13.2 13.2 39.6 39.0 Morgantown Lease 0.8 0.8 2.4 2.4 Total 238.0 235.0 711.0 702.4 
 Outlook 
 Based on our current level of operations, we believe that cash generated from operations and cash on hand, together with amounts available under our Amended Credit Facilities, will be adequate to meet our anticipated obligations under our Triple Net Leases, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working capital needs for the foreseeable future. However, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations will depend on a range of economic, competitive, and business factors, many of which are outside our control. We cannot be certain: (i) of the impact of global supply chain disruptions, price inflation, interest rate changes, slowing economic growth, and geopolitical uncertainty; (ii) that our anticipated earnings projections will be realized; (iii) that we will achieve the expected synergies from our acquisitions; (iv) that we will achieve the anticipated financial returns from our strategic initiatives, including, but not limited to, our Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN and the PENN Development Projects; (v) and that future borrowings will be available under our Amended Credit Facilities or otherwise will be available in the credit markets to enable us to service our indebtedness or to make anticipated capital expenditures. We caution that the performance and trends seen across our portfolio may not continue. In addition, while we anticipated that a significant amount of our future growth would come through the pursuit of opportunities within other distribution channels, such as media, retail and online sports betting, iCasino, and social gaming; from acquisitions of gaming properties at reasonable valuations; greenfield projects; development projects; and jurisdictional expansions and property expansion in under-penetrated markets; there can be no assurance that this will be the case. If we consummate significant acquisitions in the future or undertake any significant property expansions, our cash requirements may increase significantly, and we may need to make additional borrowings or complete equity or debt financings to meet these requirements. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of additional risks related to the Company s capital structure. 
 We have historically maintained a capital structure comprised of a mix of equity and debt financing. We vary our leverage to pursue opportunities in the marketplace in an effort to maximize our enterprise value for our shareholders. We expect to meet our debt obligations as they come due through internally-generated funds from operations and/or refinancing them through the debt or equity markets prior to their maturity. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 A complete discussion of our critical accounting estimates is included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For information with respect to new accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note 3, New Accounting Pronouncements in the notes to our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 IMPORTANT FACTORS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as expects, believes, estimates, projects, intends, plans, outlook, goal, seeks, may, will, should, or anticipates or the negative or other variations of these or similar words, or by discussions of future events, strategies or risks and uncertainties. Specifically, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: the Company s expectations of future results of operations and financial condition; the assumptions provided regarding the guidance, including the scale and timing of the Company s product and technology investments; the Company s expectations regarding results and customer growth and the impact of competition in retail/mobile/online sportsbooks, iCasino, social gaming, and retail operations; the Company s development and launch of its Interactive segment s products in new jurisdictions and enhancements to existing Interactive segment products, including the content for the ESPN BET and theScore BET and the further development of ESPN BET and theScore BET on our proprietary player account management system and risk and trading platforms; the benefits of the Sportsbook Agreement between the Company and ESPN; the Company s expectations regarding its Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN and the future success of ESPN BET; the Company s expectations with respect to the integration and synergies related to the Company s integration of theScore and the continued growth and monetization of the Company s media business; the Company s expectations that its portfolio of assets provides a benefit of geographically-diversified cash flows from operations; the Company s plan to expand gaming operations through the implementation and execution of a disciplined capital expenditure program at our existing properties, the pursuit of strategic acquisitions and investments, and the development of new gaming properties, including the PENN Development Projects; improvements, expansions, or relocations of our existing properties; entrance into new jurisdictions; expansion of gaming in existing jurisdictions; strategic investments and acquisitions; cross-sell opportunities between our retail gaming, online sports betting, and iCasino businesses; our ability to obtain financing for our development projects on attractive terms; the timing, cost and expected impact of planned capital expenditures on the Company s results of operations; our expectation that the Company will remain in compliance with all of its required financial covenants for at least the next 12 months following the date of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC; our expectation that, based on our current level of operations, cash generated from operations and cash on hand, together with amounts available under our Amended Credit Facilities, will be adequate to meet our anticipated obligations under our Triple Net Leases, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working capital needs for the foreseeable future; the actions of regulatory, legislative, executive, or judicial decisions at the federal, state, provincial, or local level with regard to our business and the impact of any such actions; the anticipated impact of accounting pronouncements; and settlement costs relating to Barstool SPA indemnification obligations. 
 Such statements are all subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that could significantly affect the Company s future financial results and business. Accordingly, the Company cautions that the forward-looking statements contained herein are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by such statements. Such factors include: the effects of economic and market conditions in the markets in which the Company operates or otherwise, including the impact of global supply chain disruptions, price inflation, rising interest rates, slowing economic growth, and geopolitical uncertainty; competition with other entertainment, sports content, and gaming experiences; the timing, cost and expected impact of product and technology investments; risks relating to operations, permits, licenses, financings, approvals and other contingencies in connection with growth in new or existing jurisdictions; the Company may not be able to achieve the anticipated financial returns from the Sportsbook Agreement with ESPN, including due to fees, costs, taxes or circumstances beyond the Company s or ESPN s control; the Company may not achieve expected synergies from acquisitions; future borrowings may not be available under our Amended Credit Facilities and capital may not be otherwise available to enable us to service our indebtedness, make anticipated capital expenditures or pay off or refinance our indebtedness prior to maturity; the impact of indemnification obligations under the Barstool SPA; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the right of one or both of the Company and ESPN to terminate the Sportsbook Agreement between the companies; the ability of the Company and ESPN to agree to extend the initial 10-year term of the Sportsbook Agreement on mutually satisfactory terms, if at all, and the costs and obligations of such terms if agreed; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company, ESPN or their respective directors, officers or employees; the ability of the Company or ESPN to retain and hire key personnel; the impact of new or changes in current laws, regulations, rules or other industry standards; and additional risks and uncertainties described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, each as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements except as required by law. Considering these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk from adverse changes in interest rates with respect to the short-term floating interest rates on borrowings under our Amended Credit Facilities. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s Amended Credit Facilities had a gross outstanding balance of 1.5 billion, consisting of a 488.1 million Amended Term Loan A Facility and a 977.5 million Amended Term Loan B Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we have 979.1 million of available borrowing capacity under our Amended Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The table below provides information as of September 30, 2024 about our long-term debt obligations that are sensitive to changes in interest rates, including the notional amounts maturing during the 12-month period presented and the related weighted-average interest rates by maturity dates. 
 (dollars in millions) 10/1/24 - 9/30/25 10/1/25 - 9/30/26 10/1/26 - 9/30/27 10/1/27 - 9/30/28 10/1/28 - 9/30/29 Thereafter Total Fair Value Fixed rate 400.0 400.0 394.0 Average interest rate 5.625 Fixed rate 400.0 400.0 364.0 Average interest rate 4.125 Fixed rate 330.5 330.5 356.9 Average interest rate 2.750 Variable rate 37.5 37.5 443.1 10.0 937.5 1,465.6 1,459.5 Average interest rate (1) 
 5.600 5.635 5.573 5.996 6.028 
 (1) Estimated rate, reflective of forward SOFR as of September 30, 2024 plus the spread over SOFR applicable to variable-rate borrowing. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our international entities are reported in local currency, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, changes between the foreign exchange rates, in particular the Canadian dollar compared to the U.S. dollar, affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. The results of theScore are reported in Canadian dollars, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not currently enter into hedging arrangements to minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred an unrealized foreign currency translation adjustment gain of 18.6 million and an unrealized foreign currency translation adjustment loss of 36.9 million, respectively, and unrealized foreign currency translation adjustment losses of 44.7 million and 0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, as reported in Foreign currency translation adjustment during the period within our unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated, and reported, as applicable, within the time periods specified in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are a party to a number of other pending legal proceedings. Management does not expect that the outcome of such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 We refer you to our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risk factors that affect our business and financial results. There have been no material changes to those risk factors. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 On December 6, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase of up to 750.0 million of our common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which expires on December 31, 2025 (the December 2022 Authorization ). Stock repurchases, if any, will be funded using our available liquidity. The timing and amount of stock repurchases are dependent on a variety of factors, including but not limited to, market conditions and corporate and regulatory considerations. 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining availability under our December 2022 Authorization was 749.5 million. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 31.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 CEO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 CFO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Inline XBRL File (included in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PENN Entertainment, Inc. 
 Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Felicia R. Hendrix 
 Felicia R. Hendrix 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pennex31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jay A. Snowden, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PENN Entertainment, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Jay A. Snowden Jay A. Snowden Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pennex31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Felicia R. Hendrix, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PENN Entertainment, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Felicia R. Hendrix Felicia R. Hendrix Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pennex32109302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PENN Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay A. Snowden, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Jay A. Snowden Jay A. Snowden Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pennex32209302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PENN Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Felicia R. Hendrix, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Felicia R. Hendrix Felicia R. Hendrix Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 penn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 penn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 penn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 penn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 penn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

