<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1918080_0001213900-24-095015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1518150</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>44796</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>496444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>239322</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>279237</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>431466</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-095015.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106163759
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-095015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001918080
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				874225965
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56406
		FILM NUMBER:		241431668

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 NE 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561 464 2841

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 NE 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-095015.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 ea0218448-10q_aspen1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common Stock, par value 0.0001 (Class) Outstanding at November 6, 2024 

ASPEN-1 ACQUISITION INC. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Other Information Contained in
 this Report 
 ii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements. 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December
 31, 2023 
 F-1 

Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
 Deficit (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 F-5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations. 
 2 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 7 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 7 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 8 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 8 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 8 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 8 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 8 

Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 8 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 8 

Signatures 
 9 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form
10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future
events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many
(but not all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, 
 expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, 
 would, should, could, may or other similar expressions in this Form 10-Q. In particular,
these include statements relating to future actions, future performance, anticipated expenses, or projected financial results. These forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience
and our present expectations or projections. 

We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions
or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.
Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements
we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, or joint ventures we
may make or collaborations or strategic partnerships we may enter into. 

You should read this Form 10-Q and the documents
that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise
requires, the terms Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc., we, us, our and the Company 
refer collectively to Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc. 

ii 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Aspen-1
Acquisition INC. 

September 30, 2024 

INDEX TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Statement 
 
 Page 

Index to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December
 31, 2023 
 
 F-1 

Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited)
 for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 F-5 

1 

ASPEN-1 ACQUISITION INC. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Note payable - stockholder 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

F- 1 

ASPEN-1 ACQUISITION INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 
 September
 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenue 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 

F- 2 

ASPEN-1 ACQUISITION INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

(Unaudited) 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,2023 

Total 

Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances December 31, 2022 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -

Balances March 31, 2023 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -

Balances June 30, 2023 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -

Balances September 30, 2023 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,2024 

Total 

Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances December 31, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Balances March 31, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Balances June 30, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Balances September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 

F- 3 

ASPEN-1 ACQUISITION INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayments of stockholder advances 
 -

Proceeds from note payable - stockholder 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 

F- 4 

ASPEN-1 ACQUISITION INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

F- 5 

shares of preferred stock, par value of , authorized and none issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock 

 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company has shares of common stock, par value of , authorized and shares issued and outstanding. 

and in gross deferred tax assets resulting from net operating loss carry-forwards of and 
respectively, available to offset future taxable income through 2041 subject to the change in ownership provisions under IRC 382. A valuation
allowance has been recorded to fully offset these deferred tax assets because the Company s management believes future realization
of the related tax benefits is uncertain. 

F- 6 

Valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate, net 
 -
 
 -

per annum. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31,
2023, the amount due under the note payable was and respectively. 

and , respectively, as of September 30, 2024. Management believes these conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following the date these financial
statements are issued. Management intends to finance operations over the next twelve months through additional borrowings from the existing
Note. 

The accompanying financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview of our Business 

Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc. was incorporated in the
State of Delaware on December 10, 2021. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial
financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has focused its efforts to identify a possible business
combination. No revenue has been generated by the Company since inception. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it
is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance. The Company s plan of
operation for the remainder of the fiscal year shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. Our principal
business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with
a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 

The Company is currently considered to be a blank
check company. The SEC defines those companies as any development stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the
meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act, and that has no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business
plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the
sale of securities of blank check companies in their respective jurisdictions. The Company is also a shell company, 
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act as a company with no or nominal assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations. Management
does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully
concluded a business combination. The Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long
as we are subject to those requirements. 

In addition, the Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and exemptions from the requirements
of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act to hold a nonbinding advisory vote of shareholders on executive compensation and any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

The Company has also elected to use the extended
transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows
us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until
those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year during which our revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (2) the date on which we issue
more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, (3) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities
Act, or (4) when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day
of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, 
as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, certain of the
exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting company, including:
(1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; (2) scaled executive
compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. 

The Company has not conducted any active operations
since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. No revenue has been generated by the Company since
inception. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company,
of which there can be no assurance. The Company s plan of operation for the remainder of the fiscal year shall be to continue its
efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be
to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will
not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire
any type of business. 

2 

The Company does not currently engage in any business
activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such
time will be paid with funds to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. 

During the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related
to: 

(i) filing Exchange Act reports,
and 

(ii) investigating, analyzing, and
consummating an acquisition. 

We believe we will be able to meet these costs
through use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. There are no assurances that
such funds will be advanced or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had cash of 2,236. On December 10, 2021, in connection with advances made in connection with costs incurred by the Company, the
Company issued a promissory note to Mark Tompkins, a stockholder and director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to
repay Mr. Tompkins the sum of any and all amounts that Mr. Tompkins may advance to the Company on or before the date that the Company
consummates a business combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction or other transaction after which the Company
would cease to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The Company has used the proceeds from the note to
cover its expenses. Although Mr. Tompkins has no obligation to advance funds to the Company under the terms of the note, it is anticipated
that he may advance funds to the Company as fees and expenses are incurred in the future. As a result, the Company issued the note in
anticipation of such advances. Interest shall not accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the note except if an Event of Default
(as defined in the note) has occurred. In the event of an Event of Default, the entire note shall automatically become due and payable
(the Default Date and starting from five (5) days after the Default Date, the interest rate on the note shall accrue at
the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum. As of September 30, 2024, the total amount due under the note was 132,025. The note is
filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1. Except as disclosed herein, we currently have no other agreements or specific arrangements in place with
our stockholders, management or other investors. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and
repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent
on our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with such company. Management s plan includes
obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or related party advances, however there is no
assurance of additional funding being available. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 2,236
of cash and has not earned any revenues from operations to date. In the next 12 months, we expect to incur expenses equal to approximately
 40,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional service fees incurred in relation to the Company s Exchange
Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company vary widely and are dependent on
a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of the
target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of the Company prior to the transaction
will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s auditors
in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may
be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the Company identifies a
business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is
currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve
profitable operations. 

The Company may consider acquiring a business,
which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets,
is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties
and is in need of additional capital. Our management believes that the public company status that results from a combination with the
Company will provide such company greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community, and offer
the opportunity to utilize its stock to make acquisitions. There is no assurance that we will in fact have access to additional capital
or financing as a public company. In the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company
which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding,
among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. 

3 

Any target business we select for a
potential business combination may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including
entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business
and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may affect a business combination
with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that it will likely
be able to effect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present and prospective
stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our management s plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business
in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in investing in us,
because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

The Company anticipates that the selection of
a business combination will be complex and extremely risky. While the Company is in a competitive market with a small number of business
opportunities, through information obtained from industry professionals including attorneys, investment bankers, and other consultants
with experience in the reverse merger industry, our management believes that there are opportunities for a business combination with firms
seeking the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation
include, among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity
for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available
business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of
comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

We do not currently intend to retain any entity
to act as a finder to identify and analyze the merits of potential target businesses. However, we contemplate that Montrose
Capital may introduce business combination opportunities to us. There are currently no agreements or preliminary agreements between us
and Montrose Capital. 

We have not established a specific timeline, nor
have we created a specific plan to identify an acquisition target and consummate a business combination. We expect that our management
and the Company, through its various contacts and affiliations with other entities, including Montrose Capital, will locate a business
combination target. We expect that funds in the amount of approximately 40,000 will be required in order for the Company to satisfy its
Exchange Act reporting requirements during the next 12 months, in addition to any other funds that will be required in order to complete
a business combination. Such funds can only be estimated upon identifying a business combination target. Our management and stockholders
have indicated an intent to advance funds on behalf of the Company as needed in order to accomplish its business plan and comply with
its Exchange Act reporting requirements, however, there are no agreements in effect between the Company and our management or stockholders
specifically requiring they provide any funds to the Company. Therefore, there are no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain
the required financing as needed in order to consummate a business combination transaction. 

As of the date of this Form 10-Q, the Company
has not entered into any definitive agreement with any party, nor have there been any specific discussions with any potential business
combination candidates regarding business opportunities for the Company. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had total
assets equal to 2,236 comprised exclusively of cash. The Company s current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 totaled 142,525
and was comprised of accounts payable and accrued expenses and amounts due under a note payable to a stockholder. The Company can provide
no assurance that it can continue to satisfy its cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

4 

The following is a summary of the Company s
cash flows provided by (used in) operating and financing activities: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 
 (32,692 
 (34,406 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 32,500 
 36,982 
 
 Net Change in Cash 
 (192 
 2,576 

The Company has only cash assets and has generated
no revenues since inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital investment or other financing to fund its ongoing
operations and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a private operating company. In addition, the Company is dependent
upon certain related parties to provide continued funding and capital resources. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable
at reasonable terms, the Company may not be able to implement its plan of operations. 

Issuance of Promissory Note to a Stockholder and Director 

On December 10, 2021, in connection with advances
made in connection with costs incurred by the Company, the Company issued a promissory note to Mark Tompkins, a stockholder and director
of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to repay Mr. Tompkins the sum of any and all amounts that Mr. Tompkins may advance
to the Company on or before the date that the Company consummates a business combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction
or other transaction after which the Company would cease to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The
Company has used the proceeds from the note to cover its expenses. Although Mr. Tompkins has no obligation to advance funds to the Company
under the terms of the note, it is anticipated that he may advance funds to the Company as fees and expenses are incurred in the future.
As a result, the Company issued the note in anticipation of such advances. Interest shall not accrue on the outstanding principal amount
of the note except if an Event of Default (as defined in the note) has occurred. In the event of an Event of Default, the entire note
shall automatically become due and payable (the Default Date and starting from five (5) days after the Default Date, the
interest rate on the note shall accrue at the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum. As of September 30, 2024, the total amount due
under the note was 132,025. 

Results of Operations 

The Company has not conducted any active operations
since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. No revenue has been generated by the Company for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or
merger with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance. It is management s assertion that these circumstances may
hinder the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s plan of operation for the next twelve months shall
be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company had a net loss of 10,662 and 10,570, respectively, and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a net loss of 32,692 and 31,039 respectively , comprised of accounting, audit
and other professional service fees incurred in relation to the preparation and filing of the Company s SEC filings and general
and administrative expenses. 

5 

In the next 12 months, we expect to incur expenses
equal to approximately 40,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional service fees incurred in relation to the Company s
Exchange Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company vary widely and are dependent
on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of
the target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of the Company prior to the transaction
will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s auditors
in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may
be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the Company identifies a
business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is
currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve
profitable operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material
to investors. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Accounting estimates are an integral part of the
financial statements prepared by management and are based on management s knowledge and experience about past and current events
and assumptions about future events. Management s estimate of the current portion of note payable - stockholder is based on the
possibility that within one year of the balance sheet date a transaction will occur that requires the Company to repay the note payable.
Management s estimate of the deferred tax benefit arising from the net operating loss carry forwards available to reduce future
federal and state taxable income and the related valuation allowance in the same amount assumes that the Company will be acquired by a
target company and the benefit will not be realized. 

Emerging Growth Company 

As an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act, the Company has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different
effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

6 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Form
10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Internal controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions are
properly authorized, recorded and reported; and (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use, to permit the preparation
of our condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 

In connection with the preparation of this Form
10-Q, management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based
upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive and Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective,
as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Control 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations of any control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a
company have been detected. 

7 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

There are no material pending legal proceedings
as defined by Item 103 of Regulation S-K, to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, other than ordinary
routine litigation incidental to the Company s business. 

There are no proceedings in which any of the directors,
officers or affiliates of the Company, or any registered or beneficial holder of more than 5 of the Company s voting securities,
is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to that of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

See the Exhibit Index following the signature
page to this Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

8 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 6, 2024 
 Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Ian Jacobs 

Ian Jacobs 

Chief Executive Officer, President, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer and 

Principal Financial Officer) 

9 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form 10 of the Company, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registration statement on Form 10 of the Company, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Company to Mark Tompkins, dated December 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registration statement on Form 10 of the Company, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021844801ex31-1_aspen1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Ian Jacobs, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 6, 2024 

/s/ Ian Jacobs 

Ian Jacobs 

Chief Executive Officer, President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Prncipal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea021844801ex32-1_aspen1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the quarterly report of Aspen-1
Acquisition Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Ian Jacobs, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63,
Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: November 6, 2024 

/s/ Ian Jacobs 

Ian Jacobs 

Chief Executive Officer, President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Prncipal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 cik0001918080-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 cik0001918080-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 cik0001918080-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 cik0001918080-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 cik0001918080-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

