<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1453687_0001453687-24-000124.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9921368</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181353</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1762369</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3048266</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2650084</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2101544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001453687-24-000124.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107071919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001453687-24-000124
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001453687
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37798
		FILM NUMBER:		241433164

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7495 NEW HORIZON WAY
		CITY:			FREDERICK
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-348-8698

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7495 NEW HORIZON WAY
		CITY:			FREDERICK
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001453687-24-000124.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 rnac-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rnac-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class Contingent Value Rights 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 
 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months ended March 31, June 30, and September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 47 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 47 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 47 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 47 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 48 
 Signatures 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or the Quarterly Report, contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, prospective products, product approvals, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, the plans and objectives of management for future operations and future results of anticipated products, the impact of the resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or emergence of another pandemic on our business and operations and our future financial results, and the period over which we estimate our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the factors described under the sections in this Quarterly Report titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as the following: 
 any future payouts under the contingent value right, or CVR, issued to our holders of record as of the close of business on December 4, 2023; 
 our ability to achieve the expected benefits or opportunities and related timing with respect to the Merger (as defined below) or to monetize any of our legacy assets; 
 our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, and the length of time that we believe our existing cash resources will fund our operations; 
 our market size and our potential growth opportunities; 
 our preclinical and clinical development activities; 
 the efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates; 
 the potential therapeutic benefits and economic value of our product candidates; 
 the timing and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 the expected impact of macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, increasing interest rates and volatile market conditions, current or potential bank failures; 
 global events, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and between Hamas and Israel and geopolitical tensions in China on our operations; 
 the receipt and timing of potential regulatory designations, approvals and commercialization of product candidates; 
 potential litigation related to the Merger (as defined below) instituted against us or our directors; 
 our ability to prevent or minimize the effects of litigation and other contingencies; 
 our status as a preclinical and development-stage company and our expectation to incur losses in the future, and the possibility that we never achieve or maintain profitability; 
 uncertainties with respect to our ability to access future capital; 
 our ability to maximize the value of our pipeline of product candidates; 
 our unproven approach to therapeutic intervention; 
 our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, timely and successfully complete those trials and receive necessary regulatory approvals; 
 our ability to continue to grow our manufacturing capabilities and resources; 
 our ability to manufacture our product candidates, which in some cases are manufactured on a patient-by-patient basis; 
 3 

our ability to access manufacturing facilities and to receive or manufacture sufficient quantities of our product candidates; 
 our ability to maintain our existing or future collaborations or licenses and to seek new collaborations, licenses or partnerships; 
 the impact of resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, the continuity of our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and general economic conditions; 
 our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 federal, state, and foreign regulatory requirements, including U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, regulation of our product candidates; 
 our ability to obtain and retain key executives and retain qualified personnel; and 
 developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including the impact of government regulation. 
 Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk and uncertainties. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data and par value) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Unbilled receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Property and equipment, net Right-of-use asset, net In-process research and development assets Goodwill Long-term restricted cash Investments Total assets Liabilities, convertible preferred stock, and stockholders deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Lease liability Deferred revenue Warrant liabilities Contingent value right liability Forward contract liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Lease liability, net of current portion Deferred revenue, net of current portion Warrant liabilities, net of current portion Contingent value right liability, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) par value; and shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Options for Series A Preferred Stock Stockholders deficit: Series A Preferred Stock, par value; and shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Series B Preferred Stock, par value; and shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value; and shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock, and stockholders deficit 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Collaboration and license revenue Grant revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Investment income Foreign currency transaction, net ) Interest expense ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Change in fair value of contingent value right liability ) ) Change in fair value of forward contract liabilities ) Other income, net Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share: Basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Options for Series A Accumulated Series A Preferred Series A Series B Additional other Preferred Stock Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common stock paid-in Accumulated comprehensive Stockholders Shares Amount Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount capital deficit loss equity (deficit) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock in connection with private placement and settlement of related forward contract Transfer of Series A Preferred Stock and options for Series A Preferred Stock to permanent equity ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Stock-based compensation expense Currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Equity offering costs ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Currency translation adjustment Net income Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock and common stock in connection with private placement, net Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock to common stock ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Stock-based compensation expense Currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 On April 4, 2024, the Company effected a 1-for-30 reverse split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock, or the Reverse Stock Split. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, all figures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relating to shares of the Company s common stock (such as share amounts, per share amounts, and conversion rates and prices), including but not limited to, the consolidated financial statements and footnotes included herein, have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Accumulated Additional other Common stock paid-in Accumulated comprehensive Stockholders Shares Amount capital deficit loss equity (deficit) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of vested restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Issuance of common stock, license agreement Stock-based compensation expense Currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements . 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities ) Non-cash lease expense Loss on disposal of property and equipment Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash interest expense Warrant liabilities revaluation ) ) Contingent value right liability revaluation Forward contract liabilities revaluation Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Unbilled receivable Prepaid expenses, deposits and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of principal, final payment fee, and prepayment penalty on debt ) Proceeds from exercise of common warrants Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, gross in private placement Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and Series B Preferred Stock in private placement Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Noncash investing and financing activities Issuance of common stock, license agreement in stock-based compensation expense Purchase of property and equipment not yet paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements . 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 shares of the common stock, par value per share, of the Company, or the common stock, and shares of the newly designated Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, or the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is intended to have economic rights similar to the common stock, but with only limited voting rights. Additionally, the Company assumed all outstanding stock options of Old Cartesian. The common stock and Series A Preferred Stock related to the Merger were issued on December 5, 2023. For additional information, see Note 3. 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company entered into a definitive agreement, or the Securities Purchase Agreement, for a private investment in public equity transaction, or the November 2023 Private Placement, with the Investors (as defined below). The Securities Purchase Agreement provides for the issuance to the Investors of an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. For additional information, see Note 10. 
 In connection with the Merger, a contractual contingent value right, or CVR, was distributed to the holders of record of the Company's common stock and 2022 Warrants (as defined below) as of the close of business on December 4, 2023, but was not distributed to holders of shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock issued to stockholders of Old Cartesian or the Investors in the transactions. Holders of the CVRs will be entitled to receive certain payments from proceeds received by the Company, if any, related to the disposition or monetization of the Company's legacy assets following the issuance of the CVRs. For additional information, see Note 5. 
 On March 27, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved the Conversion Proposal (as defined below). For additional information, see Note 10. 
 Additionally, on March 27, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or the Charter, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, at a ratio in the range of 1-for-20 and 1-for-30, with such ratio to be determined at the discretion of the Company s board of directors, or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors subsequently approved a final reverse stock split ratio of 1-for-30, and the Company effected the Reverse Stock Split on April 4, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, all figures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relating to shares of the Company s common stock (such as share amounts, per share amounts, and conversion rates and prices), have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented, including reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction in par value of common stock to additional paid-in capital. Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and warrants were proportionately reduced and the respective exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately increased in accordance with their terms. Additionally, the conversion ratio of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock was proportionally adjusted. Stockholders entitled to fractional shares as a result of the Reverse Stock Split received a cash payment in lieu of receiving fractional shares. 
 On July 2, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, or the July 2024 Purchase Agreement, for a private investment in public equity financing, or the July 2024 Private Placement, which provides for the issuance of shares of common stock and shares of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, or the Series B Preferred Stock, each at a purchase price of per share. The July 2024 Private Placement resulted in gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. On September 20, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved the Series B Conversion Proposal (as defined below). For additional information, see Note 10. 
 The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the biotechnology industry including, but not limited to, new technological innovations, protection of proprietary technology, dependence on key personnel, compliance with government 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million was restricted cash related to lease commitments and million was held by its Russian subsidiary designated solely for use in its operations. The Company believes the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 will enable it to fund its current planned operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements, though it may pursue additional cash resources through public or private equity or debt financings or by establishing collaborations with other companies. Management s expectations with respect to its ability to fund current and long term planned operations are based on estimates that are subject to risks and uncertainties. If actual results are different from management s estimates, the Company may need to seek additional strategic or financing opportunities sooner than would otherwise be expected. However, there is no guarantee that any collaboration milestones will be achieved or that any of these strategic or financing opportunities will be executed on favorable terms, and some could be dilutive to existing stockholders. Further, the liability associated with the CVR Agreement (as defined below) will be settled solely through cash flow received under the Company's License and Development Agreement, or as so amended, the Sobi License, with Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ.), or Sobi, and any other Gross Proceeds (as defined in the CVR Agreement) net of certain agreed deductions. Under the CVR Agreement, of all milestone payments, royalties and other amounts paid to the Company or controlled entities under the Sobi License, and any other Gross Proceeds will be distributed, net of specified deductions, to holders of the CVRs. There is no obligation to the Company to fund any amount related to the CVR liability. See Note 5. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million. The Company anticipates operating losses to continue for the foreseeable future due to, among other things, costs related to research and development of its product candidates and its administrative organization. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 As permitted under Delaware law, the Company indemnifies its officers, directors, consultants and employees for certain events or occurrences that happen by reason of the relationship with, or position held at the Company. Through September 30, 2024, the Company had not experienced any losses related to these indemnification obligations, and no claims were outstanding. The Company does not expect significant claims related to these indemnification obligations and, consequently, concluded that the fair value of these obligations is negligible, and no related reserves were established. 
 
 2. 
 
 3. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Old Cartesian immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger, the Company agreed to issue to the stockholders of Old Cartesian (i) shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The issuance of the shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock occurred on December 5, 2023 which was after the December 4, 2023 record date for the distribution of the CVRs (see Note 5); as such, the Old Cartesian stockholders did not have rights as holders of common stock or holders of Series A Preferred Stock until such issuance on December 5, 2023. In addition, all outstanding stock options to purchase Old Cartesian common stock were assumed by the Company and converted into stock options to purchase (i) shares of the Company s common stock or (ii) shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock on terms substantially identical to those in effect prior to Merger Agreement, except for adjustments to the underlying number of shares and the exercise price based on the Merger Agreement exchange ratio. 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to hold a stockholders meeting, or the Special Meeting, to submit the following proposals to a vote of its stockholders: (i) the approval of the conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock, or the Conversion Proposal, and (ii) either or both of (A) the approval of an amendment to the Company s Charter to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized under the Charter and (B) the approval of an amendment to the Charter to effect a reverse stock split of all outstanding shares of common stock, in either case (A) or (B) by a number of authorized shares or at a stock split ratio, as the case may be, sufficient to allow the conversion of all shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued in the Merger. The Special Meeting was held on March 27, 2024 in which the Company s stockholders approved the Conversion Proposal, among other matters (see Note 10). 
 The Company concluded the acquisition resulted in the Company obtaining a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity, or VIE, in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation , or ASC 810. The Company determined that Old Cartesian was considered to be a VIE as it did not have sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. Prior to the Closing Date, the primary source of funding for Old Cartesian had been preferred stock financings. The Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Old Cartesian and, therefore, is the sole equity holder and primary beneficiary. The Company has the obligation to absorb the losses and right to receive the benefits of Old Cartesian, and the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of Old Cartesian which the Company considers to be its development activities. Therefore, the Company is the primary beneficiary. Further, the Company concluded the VIE qualified as a business and accounted for the transaction as the acquisition of a business in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , or ASC 805. As the primary beneficiary, the Company was the acquirer in the transaction. 
 The Company exchanged the right to receive shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock for all of the outstanding equity of Old Cartesian. The Company determined the rights to receive shares exchanged in the Merger represent a forward contract. The fair value of the forward contracts was determined based on the fair value of shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock underlying the forward contracts as of the acquisition date. The total purchase price consists of the fair value of the forward contracts in addition to a portion of the fair value of options exchanged in the transaction related to prior service. Under the acquisition method, the total purchase price of the acquisition was allocated to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the date of the acquisition. 
 million as of the Closing Date is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Forward contract to issue common stock Forward contract to issue Series A Preferred Stock Stock options allocated to consideration paid Total consideration 
 The Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the Closing Date based on the information available at that date. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use asset, net In-process research and development assets Goodwill Liabilities assumed Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Lease liability Lease liability, net of current portion Deferred tax liability Net assets acquired 
 The fair value of the in-process research and development, or IPR D, assets were capitalized as of the Closing Date and will be accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completion or disposition of the assets or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. Upon successful completion of the development efforts, the carrying value of each respective IPR D asset will be amortized over its estimated useful life. Until that time, the IPR D assets will be subject to impairment testing and will not be amortized. The goodwill recorded related to the Merger is the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred by the acquirer over the fair value of tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities as of the Closing Date and is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill balance is primarily attributable to the value of the assembled workforce and deferred tax liabilities associated with the transaction. 
 Descartes-08 for SLE Total in-process research and development assets 
 The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach in which the after-tax cash flows were discounted to present value. The cash flows are based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model as well as the weighted average cost of capital. 
 The forward contract related to the common stock was recorded as additional paid-in capital as the instrument is indexed to the Company s common stock. The forward contract related to the Series A Preferred Stock was recorded as a liability as the underlying Series A Preferred Stock has a redemption feature that may require the Company to settle the instrument by transferring an asset. The forward contract was measured at fair value through the date of settlement through the issuance of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock on December 5, 2023. 

4.) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net loss per share: Basic and diluted 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Warrants to purchase common stock Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock Total 

5. 
 Total assets Liabilities: Warrant liabilities Contingent value right liability Total liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Money market funds (included in cash equivalents) Total assets Liabilities: Warrant liabilities Contingent value right liability Forward contract liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 There were transfers within the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, money market funds were classified as cash and cash equivalents on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as they mature within 90 days from the date of purchase. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had restricted cash balances relating to secured letters of credit in connection with its real estate leases. 
 Long-term restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Expected life . The expected life of the 2019 Warrants and the 2022 Warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual terms which expire on December 23, 2024 and April 11, 2027, respectively. 
 Volatility . The Company estimates stock price volatility based on the Company s historical volatility for a period of time commensurate with the expected remaining life of the warrants. 
 Dividend yield Expected life (in years) Expected volatility 
 A summary of the Black-Scholes pricing model assumptions used to record the fair value of the 2022 Warrants liability is as follows: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Expected life (in years) Expected volatility 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value ) Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Contingent Value Right 
 On December 6, 2023, as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a contingent value rights agreement, or the CVR Agreement, pursuant to which each holder of common stock or a 2022 Warrant as of December 4, 2023 was distributed a CVR, issued by the Company for each share of common stock held directly or underlying a 2022 Warrant held by such holder as of December 4, 2023. Holders of warrants other than the 2022 Warrants will be entitled to receive, upon exercise of such warrants and in accordance with the terms of the warrants, CVRs per each share of common stock underlying such warrants. 
 Each CVR entitles its holder to distributions of the following, pro-rated on a per-CVR basis, during the period ending on the date on which the Royalty Term (as defined in the Sobi License) ends, or the Termination Date: 
 of all milestone payments, royalties and other amounts paid to the Company or its controlled affiliates, or the Company Entities, under the Sobi License or, following certain terminations of the Sobi License, any agreement a Company Entity enters into that provides for the development and commercialization of SEL-212; and 
 of all cash consideration and the actual liquidation value of any and all non-cash consideration of any kind that is paid to or is actually received by any Company Entity prior to the Termination Date pursuant to an agreement relating to a sale, license, transfer or other disposition of any transferable asset of the Company existing as of immediately prior to the Merger, other than those exclusively licensed under the Sobi License or which the Company Entities are required to continue to own in order to comply with the Sobi License. 
 The distributions in respect of the CVRs will be made on a semi-annual basis, and will be subject to a number of deductions, subject to certain exceptions or limitations, including for (i) certain taxes payable on the proceeds subject to the CVR distribution, (ii) certain out of pocket costs incurred by the Company Entities, including audit and accounting fees incurred in connection with reporting obligations relating to the CVRs and other expenses incurred in the performance of their obligations and other actions under the CVR Agreement, (iii) a fixed semi-annual amount of million for general and administrative overhead, (iv) payments made and remaining obligations on lease liabilities of Selecta immediately prior to the Merger and (v) amounts paid and remaining obligations with regard to the Xork product candidate. Each of the deductions described in (iv) and (v) will be made only if certain milestone payments under the Sobi License are made and are also subject to certain adjustments as contemplated in the CVR Agreement. Upon the achievement of a development milestone in June 2024, Sobi became obligated to make a million payment to the Company and made such payment in July 2024. The proceeds from this payment, net of deductions specified in the CVR Agreement, is expected to be included in the next scheduled distribution to the holders of the CVR in March 2025. 
 The CVRs represent financial instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option election in ASC 825 , Financial Instruments , or ASC 825. Under the fair value option election, the CVRs are initially measured at the aggregate estimated fair value of the CVRs and will be subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date. The liability was recorded at the date of approval, November 13, 2023, as a dividend. The estimated fair value of the CVR liability was determined using a discounted cash flow methodology as of December 31, 2023 and a Monte Carlo simulation model as of September 30, 2024 to estimate future cash flows associated with the legacy assets, including the expected milestone and royalty payments under the Sobi License, net of deductions. Changes in fair value of the CVR liability are presented in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The liability value is based on significant inputs not observable in the market such as estimated cash flows, estimated probabilities of success, expected volatility of future revenues (Monte Carlo simulation model) and risk-adjustment discount rates (discounted cash flow methodology), which represent a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 Expected volatility of future revenues 
 
 December 31, 2023 Estimated cash flow dates 2024 - 2038 Estimated probability of success Risk-adjusted discount rate 
 Change in fair value Fair value as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Forward Contract Liabilities 
 Merger Consideration 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company entered into a contract for the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as part of the consideration transferred. The fair value of the forward contract at the Closing Date was million. The non-cash settlement of this liability occurred on December 5, 2023 with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock for million. 
 November 2023 Private Placement 
 The Company entered into a contract for the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as part of the November 2023 Private Placement which was settled in multiple tranches. The Company determined the obligation to issue shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Dr. Timothy A. Springer, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, and TAS Partners LLC, an affiliate of Dr. Springer, represented a forward contract. See Note 10. The initial fair value of the forward contract liability on November 13, 2023 was insignificant as the fair value of the underlying Series A Preferred Stock was equal to the purchase price of the Series A Preferred Stock as agreed upon in the November 2023 Private Placement. Subsequent measurement of the fair value of the forward contract liability was based on the market price of the Company s common stock, which represented the redemption and conversion value of the Series A Preferred Stock, less the purchase price, on an as-converted basis. The non-cash settlement of a portion of the liability occurred on December 13, 2023 with the issuance of the first tranche of the Series A Preferred Stock for million. The non-cash settlement of the remaining second and third tranches occurred on January 12, 2024 and February 11, 2024, respectively, for a total of million. 
 Settlements ) Change in fair value Fair value as of September 30, 2024 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Computer equipment and software Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Office equipment Construction in process Total property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 Accrued patent fees Accrued external research and development costs Accrued professional and consulting services Property and equipment Other Accrued expenses 

8. 
 square feet of laboratory and office space located at 65 Grove Street, Watertown, Massachusetts, or the Watertown Lease. On September 1, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Watertown Lease, or the Lease Agreement Amendment, to expand the Company s laboratory and office space located at 65 Grove Street, Watertown, Massachusetts by approximately square feet. In connection with the Lease Agreement Amendment, the Company secured a letter of credit for the Watertown Lease from Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (successor by purchase to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. (as successor to Silicon Valley Bank)), or SVB, for million as of December 31, 2022. 
 In May 2023, the Company received notice from BRE-BMR Grove LLC that the requirements to reduce the amount of the letter of credit for the Watertown Lease had been met. In connection therewith, in June 2023, the Company secured a letter of credit from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for million, which is recognized as long-term restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and renews automatically each year. The million letter of credit with SVB was released from restriction and returned to the Company on July 17, 2023, and therefore was reclassified into cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 On October 6, 2022, the Company entered into a sublease agreement to sublease square feet of space currently rented by the Company at 65 Grove Street, Watertown, Massachusetts. The sublease commenced on October 24, 2022, and the term expired on March 31, 2024. On October 31, 2023, in connection with entering into Amendment No. 1 to the Sobi License as described in Note 13, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with Sobi to sublease approximately square feet of space currently rented by the Company at 65 Grove Street, Watertown, Massachusetts for which Sobi paid million upfront rental payment. The sublease commenced on November 6, 2023, when the Company, Sobi, and BRE-BMR Grove LLC, executed a Consent to Sublease. The term of the sublease expires on November 5, 2024 with no option to extend the sublease term. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, deferred rent of million and million is included within 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 square feet at 65 Grove Street was partially impaired as of November 30, 2023. As a result, the Company recognized a million right-of-use asset impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Payments made and remaining obligations on the lease liability for the laboratory and office space in Watertown, Massachusetts are subject to potential reimbursement through deductions to CVR distributions as described in Note 5. 
 704 Quince Orchard Road Leases 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired operating leases for office and laboratory space in Gaithersburg, Maryland. The leases expire in January 2027 and do not contain any renewal rights. The discount rate of was determined based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate adjusted for the lease term. 
 7495 New Horizon Way Leases 
 On February 28, 2024, the Company entered into a lease agreement with 7495 RP, LLC, or the Landlord, pursuant to which it agreed to lease from the Landlord the manufacturing space located at 7495 New Horizon Way, Frederick, Maryland, or the Frederick Lease Agreement. The space consists of leasable square feet of integrated manufacturing and office space. The lease commenced on May 1, 2024 which was the date the Landlord delivered full possession of the premises to the Company. The Frederick Lease Agreement will terminate approximately years following the commencement date. The Company will have option to extend the term of the Frederick Lease Agreement for a period of at a cost of of the then-fair market value, not to exceed of the then-current base rent. Base rent, which was due beginning on July 1, 2024, is million annually and is subject to an annual upward adjustment of of the then-current rental rate. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay its share of operating costs and taxes related to the property. The Company paid the first month s rent of million upon execution of the Frederick Lease Agreement. 
 The Company assessed the classification of the lease at the commencement date and concluded it should be accounted for as an operating lease. The Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset of million and million, respectively, on the commencement date. The Frederick Lease Agreement includes a tenant improvement allowance of up to million which was recognized as a reduction in the right-of-use asset and lease liability at the commencement date as the Company was reasonably certain to incur reimbursable costs related to alterations equal to or exceeding the amount. Additionally, the prepaid rent was included as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset. The discount rate of was determined based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate adjusted for the lease term, including any reasonably certain renewal periods. 
 Effective May 7, 2024, the Company and the Landlord entered into the first amendment to the Frederick Lease Agreement, or the Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment, providing for the expansion of the premises leased pursuant to the Frederick Lease Agreement by approximately square feet. In connection with the expansion of the leased premises, the Company is obligated to pay million in additional annual base rent for the first year of the term, which is subject to an annual upward adjustment of of the then-current rental rate, as well as its share of operating costs and taxes. The lease commenced on May 7, 2024 which was the date the Landlord delivered full possession of the premises to the Company and will be coterminous with the Frederick Lease Agreement. The rent commencement date was September 1, 2024. 
 The Company assessed the classification of the lease at the commencement date and concluded it should be accounted for as an operating lease. The Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset each of million on the commencement date. The Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment includes a tenant improvement allowance of up to million which was recognized as a reduction in the right-of-use asset and lease liability at the commencement date as the Company was reasonably certain to incur reimbursable costs related to alterations equal to or exceeding the amount. The discount rate of was determined based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate adjusted for the lease term. 
 Effective August 30, 2024, the Company and the Landlord entered into the second amendment to the Frederick Lease Agreement, or the Second Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment, providing for the expansion of the premises leased pursuant to the Frederick Lease Agreement and Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment by approximately square feet. In connection with the expansion of the leased premises, the Company is obligated to pay million in additional annual base rent for the first year of the term, which is subject to an annual upward adjustment of of the then-current rental rate, as well as its share of operating costs and taxes. The lease commenced on September 1, 2024, which was the date the Landlord delivered full possession of the premises to the Company and will be coterminous with the Frederick Lease Agreement. The rent commencement date was September 1, 2024. 
 The Company assessed the classification of the lease at the commencement date and concluded it should be accounted for as an operating lease. The Company recorded a lease liability and right-of-use asset each of million on the commencement date. The discount rate of was determined based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate adjusted for the lease term. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million for the Frederick Lease Agreement, the Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment and the Second Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment, which is recognized as long-term restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 and renews automatically each year. 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Less: Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 

Other than the initial recording of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the Frederick Lease Agreement, the Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment, and the Second Frederick Lease Agreement Amendment, which were non-cash, the changes in the Company s right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are reflected in the non-cash lease expense and accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 

9. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million, consisting of the remaining principal amount due of million, the final payment fee of million, the prepayment penalty of million, and less than million of accrued interest. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a loss of million on the extinguishment of the 2020 Term Loan, consisting of the prepayment penalty of million and the write-off of million of unamortized debt issuance costs and venture debt termination fee. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings. 

10. 
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Additionally, on July 2, 2024, the Company entered into the July 2024 Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors, or the Purchasers. The Purchasers included (i) Dr. Timothy A. Springer, a member of the Company s Board of Directors; (ii) TAS Partners LLC, an affiliate of Dr. Springer, and (iii) Dr. Chafen Lu, Dr. Springer s wife. Pursuant to the July 2024 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of shares of common stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of million in the July 2024 Private Placement. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into share of the Company s common stock subject to stockholder approval of a proposal to issue such shares of common stock upon conversion of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or the Series B Conversion Proposal. 
 Under the July 2024 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of common stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of million to the Purchasers other than Dr. Springer, TAS Partners LLC, and Dr. Lu. The Company also issued (i) shares of Series B Preferred Stock to Dr. Springer, (ii) shares of Series B Preferred Stock to TAS Partners LLC, and (iii) shares of Series B Preferred Stock to Dr. Lu for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 Pursuant to the July 2024 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to submit to its stockholders the approval of the Series B Conversion Proposal, at a special meeting of stockholders, which was held on September 20, 2024. On September 20, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved the Series B Conversion Proposal, among other matters, at such special meeting. On September 25, 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Series B Certificate of Designation, shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock; shares of Series B Preferred Stock did not automatically convert at such time due to beneficial ownership limitations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, which are convertible into shares of common stock. 
 The Series B Preferred Stock had the following rights and preferences as of September 30, 2024: 
 Conversion 
 Each share of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding that was not automatically converted into common stock as a result of the stockholder approval of the Series B Conversion Proposal shall be convertible at any time at the option of the holder following stockholder approval of the Series B Conversion Proposal, only to the extent the beneficial ownership limitation does not apply to the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 Redemption 
 The Series B Preferred Stock is not redeemable. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis (without regard to the beneficial ownership limitation) equal to the dividends paid on shares of the common stock. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Additionally on November 13, 2023, the Company entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement with (i) Dr. Timothy A. Springer, a member of the Company s Board of Directors; (ii) TAS Partners LLC, an affiliate of Dr. Springer, and (iii) Seven One Eight Three Four Irrevocable Trust, a trust associated with Dr. Murat Kalayoglu, a co-founder and the former chief executive officer of Old Cartesian, who joined the Company s Board of Directors effective immediately after the effective time of the Merger, or the Investors. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of million in the November 2023 Private Placement. 
 In the November 2023 Private Placement, Dr. Timothy A. Springer agreed to settle his purchases in three tranches of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the first for a purchase price of million and each thereafter for a purchase price of approximately million, with the three tranches settling , , and days, respectively, following the Closing Date. TAS Partners LLC agreed to settle its purchase for approximately million within days following the Closing Date. The first, second and third tranches were settled on December 13, 2023, January 12, 2024 and February 11, 2024, respectively, under which (i) shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued to each of TAS Partners LLC and Dr. Timothy A. Springer in the first tranche, (ii) shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued to Dr. Timothy A. Springer in the second tranche, and (iii) shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued to Dr. Timothy A. Springer in the third tranche. On November 15, 2023, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Seven One Eight Three Four Irrevocable Trust for million. 
 The Company determined the obligation to issue shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Dr. Springer and TAS Partners LLC represented a forward contract and was accounted for as a liability with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. A portion of the liability was settled with the initial issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock on December 13, 2023. The remaining portion of the forward contract liability was settled upon the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock each on January 12, 2024 and February 11, 2024, respectively (see Note 5). 
 On December 5, 2023, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock as part of its consideration transferred in connection with the Merger which settled the related forward contract liability (see Note 5). 
 On March 26, 2024, the Company, with the consent of the requisite holders of Series A Preferred Stock, amended the Series A Certificate of Designation such that the automatic conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into common stock, or the Automatic Conversion, would occur business days following stockholder approval of the Conversion Proposal. Upon such date, each share of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock, subject to certain limitations, including that a holder of Series A Preferred Stock is prohibited from converting shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock if, as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than a specified percentage (to be established by the holder between and of the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion; provided, however, that such beneficial ownership limitation does not apply to Dr. Springer, TAS Partners LLC, or any of their respective affiliates. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock, including the non-cash reclassification of an amount equal to the increase in par value of common stock from additional paid-in capital; shares of Series A Preferred Stock did not automatically convert due to beneficial ownership limitations. 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, which are convertible into shares of common stock. 

11. 
 shares of common stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock, inclusive of shares of Series B Preferred Stock purchased by directors and executive officers of the Company, and related parties thereto, each at a price per share of . Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into share of the Company s common stock subject to stockholder approval of the Series B Conversion Proposal. The July 2024 Private Placement resulted in gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. See Note 10. 
 At-the-Market Offerings 
 On October 25, 2021, the Company entered into a sales agreement, or the 2021 Sales Agreement, with Leerink Partners LLC (then known as SVB Leerink LLC), or Leerink Partners, pursuant to which the Company may sell shares of the Company s common stock, from time to time, through an at the market equity offering program under which Leerink Partners will act as sales agent. The shares of common stock sold pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement, if any, would be issued and sold pursuant to a registration statement to be filed by the Company with the SEC, for aggregate remaining gross sales proceeds of up to million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company sold shares of its common stock pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement. 
 Warrants 
 Exercises ) ) Canceled ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 See Note 14 for further discussion on the exercise of the warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion of the terms related to the Company s warrants. 
 Common Stock 
 On April 4, 2024, the Company implemented the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time on April 4, 2024. On April 5, 2024, the Company s common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market on a split-adjusted basis under the symbol RNAC with a new CUSIP number, 816212302. As a result of the Reverse 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Shares available for future stock incentive awards Unvested restricted stock units Outstanding common stock options Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock Total 

12. 
 shares of common stock for future issuance under the 2016 Plan and the Company ceased granting awards under the 2008 Plan. Upon the effective date of the 2016 Plan, awards issued under the 2008 Plan remained subject to the terms of the 2008 Plan. Awards granted under the 2008 Plan that expired, lapsed or terminated became available under the 2016 Plan as shares available for future grants. 
 Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the 2016 Plan, the Board of Directors is authorized to grant awards with respect to common stock, and may delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board of Directors or executive officers of the Company the authority to grant options and restricted stock units. On December 9, 2020, the Board of Directors established a Stock Option Committee authorized to grant awards to certain employees and consultants subject to conditions and limitations within the 2016 Plan. In January 2024, the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan was increased by . In June 2024, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2016 Plan to reserve an additional shares of its common stock for issuance. As of September 30, 2024, shares remain available for future issuance under the 2016 Plan. 
 In September 2018, the Company s 2018 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan, or the 2018 Inducement Incentive Award Plan, was adopted by the Board of Directors without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC listing rules, which authorized shares of its common stock for issuance. In March 2019, the Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the 2018 Inducement Incentive Award Plan to reserve an additional shares of the Company s common stock for issuance thereunder. In December 2023, the Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the 2018 Inducement Incentive Award Plan to reserve an additional shares of the Company s common stock for issuance thereunder. In June 2024, the Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the 2018 Inducement Incentive Award Plan to reserve an additional shares of the Company s common stock for issuance thereunder. As of September 30, 2024, there are shares available for future grant under the 2018 Inducement Incentive Award Plan. 
 In accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed Old Cartesian s 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, or the Old Cartesian Plan. The Old Cartesian Plan permits the granting of options or restricted stock to employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors to the Company. The unvested common stock options and Series A Preferred Stock options assumed by the Company in connection with the Merger generally vest over a period. Additionally, the stock options granted have a contractual term of and only full shares can be exercised as per the individual award agreements. As of September 30, 2024, there are shares available for future grant under the Old Cartesian Plan. 
 In connection with the Merger, the outstanding stock options to purchase Old Cartesian common stock were converted into stock options to purchase shares of common stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company. These replacement awards were revalued at their acquisition-date fair value and then attributed to pre and post-combination service. This resulted in million attributed to post-combination service to be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the remaining terms of the replacement awards, of which million and million was recognized as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) during the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million recognized as stock-based compensation expense upon the achievement of a technical milestone by Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc., or Ginkgo, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as described in Note 15, was as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Stock Options 
 Dividend yield Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Weighted-average fair value of common stock 
 The expected term of the Company's stock options granted has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. Under the simplified method, the expected term is presumed to be the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. The Company utilizes this method due to lack of historical exercise data and the plain nature of its stock-based awards. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted was during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested common stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Granted Converted from options for Series A Preferred Stock Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Converted to options for common stock ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 As a result of the approval of the Conversion Proposal on March 27, 2024, all conditions that could have required cash redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock underlying the stock options were satisfied. Since the Series A Preferred Stock is no longer redeemable, the associated balances of the stock options to purchase Series A Preferred Stock were reclassified from mezzanine equity to additional paid-in capital during the first quarter of 2024. 
 Following the Automatic Conversion, all options to purchase Series A Preferred Stock were converted into options to purchase common stock with adjustments to the underlying number of shares of common stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock by and rounding down to the nearest whole number of shares and the per-share exercise price by dividing the per-share exercise price of Series A Preferred Stock by and rounding the resulting exercise price up to the nearest whole cent. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted restricted stock unit awards with a weighted-average fair value of per share based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant under the 2016 Plan and the Old Cartesian Plan, which generally vest over a term. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and are adjusted, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company has estimated a forfeiture rate of for restricted stock unit awards based on historical experience. 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to the restricted stock units was million as of September 30, 2024, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In June 2016, the Company approved the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, which initially authorized shares of common stock for future issuance under the ESPP to participating employees. As of September 30, 2024, shares remain available for future issuance under the ESPP. In connection with the Merger, the Board of Directors suspended the offerings under the ESPP. 
 stock-based compensation expense under the ESPP for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and less than million and million stock-based compensation expense under the ESPP for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

13. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million upfront payment to the Company upon signing of the Astellas Agreement, and the Company was entitled to receive up to million in future additional payments over the course of the partnership that were contingent on the achievement of various development and regulatory milestones and, if commercialized, sales thresholds for annual net sales where Xork is used as a pre-treatment for an Astellas investigational or authorized product. The Company was also eligible for tiered royalty payments ranging from low to high single digits. Any proceeds received from milestone payments or royalties relating to Xork would have been required to be distributed to holders of CVRs, net of certain deductions. A more detailed description of the Astellas Agreement and the Company's evaluation of this agreement under ASC 606 can be found in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In March 2024, the Company was notified by Astellas of its intention to terminate the Astellas Agreement, which occurred effective June 6, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were unsatisfied performance obligations related to the Astellas Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded million and million as a short-term and a long-term contract liability, respectively, representing deferred revenue associated with the Astellas Agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a receivable of million and million, respectively, representing billings for the Xork Development Services (as defined in the Astellas Agreement) that are subject to reimbursement by Astellas. revenue related to the Astellas Agreement was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue of million related to the Astellas Agreement was recognized, inclusive of million of revenue recognized from performance obligations related to prior periods as a result of the change in transaction price during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue of million and million related to the Astellas Agreement was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Takeda Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. 
 License and Development Agreement 
 In October 2021, the Company entered into a License Agreement, or the Takeda Agreement, with Takeda Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., or Takeda. Under the Takeda Agreement, the Company granted Takeda an exclusive license to the Company s ImmTOR technology initially for two specified disease indications within the field of lysosomal storage disorders. Takeda paid a million upfront payment to the Company upon signing of the Takeda Agreement, and the Company was entitled to receive up to billion in future additional payments over the course of the partnership that were contingent on the achievement of development or commercial milestones or Takeda s election to continue its activities at specified development stages. The Company was also eligible for tiered royalties on future commercial sales of any licensed products. A more detailed description of the Takeda Agreement and the Company's evaluation of this agreement under ASC 606 can be found in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 On March 9, 2023, the Company was notified by Takeda of the achievement of the milestone event related to the completion of a non-clinical milestone for one of the specified disease indications within the field of lysosomal storage disorders under the Takeda Agreement. Accordingly, the Company received a milestone payment of million during the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 The Takeda Agreement was terminated effective July 25, 2023, following Takeda s decision to discontinue discovery and pre-clinical activities in adeno-associated virus, or AAV, gene therapy. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were unsatisfied performance obligations related to the Takeda Agreement. revenue related to the Takeda Agreement was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. revenue and revenue of million related to the Takeda Agreement was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ.) 
 License and Development Agreement 
 In June 2020, the Company and Sobi entered into the Sobi License, which was subsequently amended. Pursuant to the Sobi License, the Company agreed to grant Sobi an exclusive, worldwide (except as to Greater China) license to develop, manufacture and commercialize the SEL-212 drug candidate, which is currently in development for the treatment of chronic refractory gout. The SEL-212 drug candidate is a pharmaceutical composition containing a combination of SEL-037, or the Compound, and ImmTOR. Pursuant to the Sobi License, in consideration of the license, Sobi agreed to pay the Company a one-time, upfront payment of million. Sobi has also agreed to make milestone payments totaling up to million to the Company upon the achievement of various development and regulatory milestones and, if commercialized, sales thresholds for annual net sales of SEL-212, and tiered royalty payments ranging from the low double digits on the lowest sales tier to the high 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million payment obligation from Sobi to the Company. As a result, the development milestone was no longer constrained and million was recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as there were no remaining performance obligations under the Sobi License. The proceeds from the achievement of the development milestone were received from Sobi in July 2024 and are expected to be included, net of deductions as specified in the CVR Agreement, in the next scheduled distribution to holders of the CVRs in March 2025. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded total outstanding receivables of million and million, respectively, representing billings for the Phase 3 DISSOLVE program that are subject to reimbursement by Sobi. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a total unbilled receivable of million and million, respectively, representing revenue earned but not yet billed for the Phase 3 DISSOLVE program. revenue was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue of million, inclusive of the million development milestone, related to the Sobi License was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue of million and million related to the Sobi License was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Research License and Option Agreement 
 In June 2020, the Company and Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc., or Sarepta, entered into a Research License and Option Agreement, or the Sarepta Agreement. Pursuant to the Sarepta Agreement, the Company agreed to grant Sarepta a license under the Company s intellectual property rights covering the Company s antigen-specific biodegradable nanoparticle encapsulating ImmTOR to research and evaluate ImmTOR in combination with Sarepta s adeno-associated virus gene therapy technology, or gene editing technology, using viral or non-viral delivery, to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and certain Limb-Girdle Muscular Dystrophy subtypes, or the Indications. Sarepta initially had an option term of months during which it could opt-in to obtain an exclusive license to further develop and commercialize the product to treat at least one indication, with a potential to extend the option term for an additional fee. The Company agreed to supply ImmTOR to Sarepta for clinical supply on a cost-plus basis under the Sarepta Agreement. A more detailed description of the Sarepta Agreement and the Company's evaluation of this agreement under ASC 606 can be found in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 On March 13, 2023, the Company was notified by Sarepta that Sarepta would not be exercising its exclusive option under the Sarepta Agreement. Therefore, the remaining deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2022 of million was recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. revenue related to the Sarepta Agreement was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Future Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of contracts for which work has not been performed, or has been partially performed. As of September 30, 2024, there were unsatisfied performance obligations from contracts with customers. 
 Contract Balances from Contracts with Customers 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ) Total contract liabilities ) 
 
 Grant revenue 
 National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke of the National Institutes of Health 
 In June 2024, the Company received funding approval from the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke of the National Institutes of Health, or NINDS, for an award of million granted for the budget period, which runs from June 2024 through May 2025. Subject to the availability of funds and satisfactory progress of the project, an additional million is recommended to be awarded for the budget period June 2025 through May 2026. The funding was provided by NINDS to further the Company s use of RNA-based CAR-T cells to combat autoantibody-associated autoimmune disorders. Grant funding is to be used solely for manufacturing of RNA-based CAR-T cells and analysis of samples to inform mechanism of action. The award period runs through May 31, 2026. The Company will recognize grant revenue when expenses reimbursable under the grant have been incurred during the budget period. 
 million that is subject to reimbursement by NINDS. The Company recognized grant revenue of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

14. 
 TAS Partners LLC, affiliate of Timothy A. Springer, Ph.D. Chafen Lu, Ph.D., wife of Timothy A. Springer, Ph.D. 
 November 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 On November 13, 2023, the Company entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement with (i) Dr. Timothy A. Springer, (ii) TAS Partners LLC, an affiliate of Dr. Springer, and (iii) Seven One Eight Three Four Irrevocable Trust, a trust associated with Dr. Murat Kalayoglu, in which the Company agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of million (see Note 10). 
 
 Exercise of Amended 2019 Warrants 
 On March 26, 2024, TAS Partners LLC, an affiliate of Dr. Springer, exercised Amended 2019 Warrants, paid the per-share exercise price of in cash for an aggregate exercise price of million, and received shares of common stock and CVRs. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were no related party transactions. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 days if the Company fails to pay a fee owed to Biogen or for any other material breach of the agreement. The Biogen Agreement will otherwise expire when all claims of all issued patents within the patents and patent applications licensed to the Company under the Biogen Agreement have expired or been finally rendered revoked, invalid or unenforceable by a decision of a court or government agency. 
 The Biogen Agreement encompasses patents and patent applications in the PCT/US2010/026825 patent family, which was filed March 10, 2010. In general, all patents that issue in this family have an expected expiration date of March 10, 2030, subject to potential patent term adjustments and/or extensions. For the U.S. patents and applications in this family, U.S. Patent 9,034,324 was awarded 677 days of patent term adjustment, which would extend the expiration date of this patent to January 16, 2032, absent any challenges to the patent term. The other issued patent in this family was not awarded any patent term adjustment, so its expected expiration date is March 10, 2030. 
 National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health 
 Effective September 16, 2019, the Company entered into a nonexclusive, worldwide license agreement, or the NCI Agreement, with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, represented by the National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health, or NCI. 
 Under the NCI Agreement, the Company was granted a license under certain NCI patents and patent applications designated in the agreement, to make, use, sell, offer and import products and processes within the scope of the patents and applications licensed under the NCI Agreement when developing and manufacturing anti-BCMA CAR-T cell products for the treatment of myasthenia gravis, pemphigus vulgaris, and immune thrombocytopenic purpura according to methods designated in the NCI Agreement. 
 In connection with the Company s entry into the NCI Agreement, Old Cartesian paid to NCI a one-time million license royalty payment. Under the NCI Agreement, the Company is further required to pay NCI a low five-digit annual royalty. The Company must also pay earned royalties on net sales in a low single-digit percentage and pay up to million in benchmark royalties upon the Company's achievement of designated benchmarks that are based on the commercial development plan agreed between the parties. 
 Under the NCI Agreement, the Company must use reasonable commercial efforts to bring licensed products and licensed processes to the point of Practical Application (as defined in the NCI Agreement). Upon the Company s first commercial sale, the Company must use reasonable commercial efforts to make licensed products and licensed processes reasonably accessible to the United States public. After the Company's first commercial sale, the Company must make reasonable quantities of licensed products or materials produced via licensed processes available to patient assistance programs and develop educational materials detailing the licensed products. Unless the Company obtains a waiver from NCI, the Company must have licensed products and licensed processes manufactured substantially in the United States. Prior to the first commercial sale, upon NCI s request, the Company is obligated to provide NCI with commercially reasonable quantities of licensed products made through licensed processes to be used for in vitro research. 
 Additionally, the Company must use reasonable commercial efforts to initiate a Phase 3 clinical trial of a licensed product by the fourth quarter of 2024, submit a BLA with respect to a licensed product by the fourth quarter of 2026, and make a first commercial sale of a licensed product by the fourth quarter of 2028. 
 The NCI Agreement terminates upon the expiration of the last to expire of the patent rights licensed thereunder, if not sooner terminated. The NCI Agreement encompasses patents and patent applications in the PCT/US2013/032029 patent family, which was filed March 15, 2013. In general, all patents that issue in this family have an expected expiration of March 15, 2033, subject to potential patent term adjustments and/or extensions. For the U.S. patents and applications in this family, only two patents were awarded patent term adjustments. U.S. Patent 9,765,342 was awarded 297 days of patent term adjustment, which would extend the expiration date of this patent to January 6, 2034, absent any challenges to the patent term. The other patent, U.S. Patent 10,876,123, was awarded three days of patent term adjustment, but this patent is subject to terminal disclaimers filed against other family members, so this patent will not extend beyond the March 15, 2033 date. The other issued patents in this family were not awarded any patent term adjustment, so the expected expiration date for these patents also remains March 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 days written notice. The Company agreed to indemnify NCI against any liability arising out of the Company s, sublicensees or third parties use of the licensed patent rights and licensed products or licensed processes developed in connection with the licensed patent rights. 
 Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc. 
 Collaboration and License Agreements 
 On October 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement, or the First Ginkgo Agreement, with Ginkgo. Under the First Ginkgo Agreement, Ginkgo will design next generation IgA proteases with potentially transformative therapeutic potential. In return, Ginkgo is eligible to earn both upfront research and development fees and milestone payments, including certain milestone payments for fixed fair values in the form of the Company's common stock, clinical and commercial milestone payments of up to million in cash. The First Ginkgo Agreement was assessed for collaboration components and was determined not to be within the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements , or ASC 808, as the risk and rewards are not shared by both parties. The Company will expense costs related to the First Ginkgo Agreement as incurred until regulatory approval is received in accordance with ASC 730, Research and Development , or ASC 730. The Company is accounting for the contingently issuable shares to be issued in exchange for the license obtained from Ginkgo as a liability classified stock-based compensation arrangement with a non-employee which will be recognized when achievement of the milestones is probable. The Company will assess the capitalization of costs incurred after the receipt of regulatory approval and, if applicable, will amortize these payments based on the expected useful life of each asset, typically based on the expected commercial exclusivity period. The Company is also obligated to pay Ginkgo tiered royalties ranging from low-single digit to high-single digit percentages of annual net sales of collaboration products which will be expensed as the commercial sales occur. 
 On January 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement, or the Second Ginkgo Agreement, with Ginkgo. Under this agreement, the Company will engage with Ginkgo to develop AAV capsids designed to enhance transduction efficiency and transgene expression. In return, Ginkgo is eligible to earn both upfront research and development fees and milestone payments, including certain milestone payments in the form of shares of the Company s common stock, clinical and commercial milestone payments of up to million in cash. The Second Ginkgo Agreement was assessed for collaboration components and was determined not to be within the scope of ASC 808 as the risk and rewards are not shared by both parties. The Company will expense costs related to the Second Ginkgo Agreement as incurred until regulatory approval is received in accordance with ASC 730. The Company is accounting for the contingently issuable shares of common stock to be issued in exchange for the license obtained from Ginkgo as a liability-classified, stock-based compensation arrangement with a non-employee which will be recognized when achievement of the milestones is probable. The Company will assess the capitalization of costs incurred after the receipt of regulatory approval and, if applicable, will amortize these payments based on the expected useful life of each asset, typically based on the expected commercial exclusivity period. The Company is also obligated to pay Ginkgo tiered royalties ranging from low-single digit to high-single digit percentages of annual net sales of collaboration products which will be expensed as the commercial sales occur. 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company was notified of the achievement of the midpoint of the technical development plan under the First Ginkgo Agreement by Ginkgo. This milestone resulted in the payment of million and issuance of shares of the Company s common stock then-valued at million to Ginkgo during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On July 19, 2023, the Company and Ginkgo mutually agreed that the completion of the technical development plan s midpoint task under the Second Ginkgo Agreement had been achieved as of June 30, 2023. This milestone resulted in the payment of million and issuance of shares of the Company s common stock then-valued at million to Ginkgo during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Genovis AB (publ.) 
 License Agreement 
 In October 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement, or the Genovis Agreement, with Genovis AB (publ.), or Genovis. Under the Genovis Agreement, the Company paid to Genovis an upfront payment in exchange for an exclusive license to the Xork enzyme technology across all therapeutic uses in humans, excluding research, preclinical, diagnostic and other potential non-therapeutic applications of the enzyme. Genovis was eligible to earn from the Company development and sales-based milestones and sublicensing fees. The Genovis Agreement was assessed for collaboration components and was determined not to be within the scope of ASC 808 as the risk and rewards are not shared by both parties. The Company was to expense costs related to the Genovis Agreement as incurred until regulatory approval was received in accordance with ASC 730. The Company would have assessed the capitalization of costs incurred after the receipt of regulatory 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million payment to Genovis as a result of the sublicense of Xork to Astellas. See Note 13 to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the Astellas Agreement. 
 In March 2024, the Company notified Genovis of its intention to terminate the Genovis Agreement, which occurred effective September 13, 2024. 
 Cyrus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement 
 In September 2021, the Company and Cyrus Biotechnology, Inc., or Cyrus, entered into a collaboration and license agreement, or the Cyrus Agreement. Pursuant to the Cyrus Agreement, Cyrus agreed to grant the Company an exclusive, worldwide license to certain intellectual property to form a protein engineering collaboration combining the Company s ImmTOR platform with Cyrus ability to redesign protein therapeutics. The lead program was a proprietary interleukin-2, or IL-2, protein agonist designed to selectively promote expansion of regulatory T cells for treatment of patients with autoimmune diseases and other deleterious immune conditions. In return for the licensed intellectual property, the Company made an upfront payment and was obligated to pay certain discovery, development, and sales-based milestones which could have potentially totaled up to approximately billion across multiple programs. The Cyrus Agreement was assessed for collaboration components and was determined not to be within the scope of ASC 808 as the risk and rewards are not shared by both parties. The Company expensed costs related to the Cyrus Agreement as incurred until regulatory approval is received in accordance with ASC 730. The Company assessed the capitalization of costs incurred after the receipt of regulatory approval and, if applicable, would have amortized these payments based on the expected useful life of each asset, typically based on the expected commercial exclusivity period. The Company was also obligated to pay Cyrus tiered royalties ranging from mid-single digit to low-double digit percentages of annual net sales of collaboration products which would have been expensed as commercial sales occur. 
 On June 13, 2022, the Company and Cyrus mutually agreed that the preclinical key in-vitro success milestone had been achieved. 
 In October 2023, the Company notified Cyrus of its termination of the Cyrus Agreement effective December 29, 2023. 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement 
 Additionally, on September 7, 2021, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement, or the Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, in connection with the Cyrus Agreement. Pursuant to the Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company purchased shares of Cyrus Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, at a purchase price of per share, for million. 
 In accordance with ASC 810, the Company has a variable interest in Cyrus resulting from its equity investment. The Company will share in Cyrus expected losses or receive a portion of its expected returns and absorb the variability associated with changes in the entity s net assets. However, the Company is not the primary beneficiary as it does not have the power to direct the activities most significant to Cyrus, and therefore it is not required to consolidate Cyrus. The Company has recognized the million investment of Cyrus Series B Preferred Stock at cost on the purchase date. 
 As of September 30, 2024, no impairment indicators were present and there were no observable price changes. Therefore, the carrying value of the investment in Cyrus is million on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to this variable interest entity is limited to the carrying value of the investment. The Company has not provided financing to Cyrus other than the amount contractually required by the Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 Asklepios Biopharmaceutical, Inc. 
 Feasibility Study and License Agreement 
 In August 2019, the Company entered into a feasibility study and license agreement, or the AskBio Collaboration Agreement, with Asklepios Biopharmaceutical, Inc., or AskBio. Pursuant to the AskBio Collaboration Agreement, the Company and AskBio agreed to license intellectual property rights to each other as part of a collaboration to research, develop, and commercialize certain AAV gene therapy products utilizing the Company s ImmTOR platform to enable re-dosing of such AAV gene therapy products to treat serious rare and orphan genetic diseases for which there is a significant unmet medical need. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 collaboration expense under the AskBio Collaboration Agreement was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized less than million and million, respectively, of collaboration expense under the AskBio Collaboration Agreement in which actual costs incurred by both parties approximate a cost share. 
 Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd 
 In May 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement, or the 3SBio License, with Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or 3SBio. The Company has paid to 3SBio an aggregate of million in upfront and milestone-based payments under the 3SBio License as of September 30, 2024. The Company is required to make future payments to 3SBio contingent upon the occurrence of events related to the achievement of clinical and regulatory approval milestones of up to an aggregate of million for products containing the Company s ImmTOR platform. 

16. 

17. 
 and participant contributions vest immediately. Contributions by the Company totaled million during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

18. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

19. 
 reduction of the Company's existing headcount as of September 30, 2024. The Company recognized restructuring expenses consisting of one-time cash severance payments and other employee-related costs of million for the year ended December 31, 2023 with million and million recorded to research and development and general and administrative operating expense categories, respectively, on its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) based on each employee's role. Cash payments for employee related restructuring charges of million were paid as of December 31, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded restructuring expenses consisting of one-time cash severance payments and other employee-related costs of million, with million and million recorded to research and development and general and administrative operating expense categories, respectively, on its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) based on each employee s role. Cash payments for employee related restructuring charges of million were paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Payments for the restructuring plan were substantially complete by June 30, 2024. 
 ) 
 
 20. 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Seven One Eight Three Four Irrevocable Trust were converted into newly issued shares of Common Stock. 
 Based on the shares of common stock outstanding on November 1, 2024, following such optional conversion by Dr. Kalayoglu, there would be shares of common stock outstanding if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and all shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted into common stock on such date. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which we filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. In addition, you should read the Risk Factors and Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements sections of this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing mRNA cell therapies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. We leverage our proprietary technology and manufacturing platform to introduce one or more mRNA molecules into cells to enhance their function. Unlike DNA, mRNA degrades naturally over time without integrating into the cell s genetic material. Therefore, our mRNA cell therapies are distinguished by their capacity to be dosed repeatedly like conventional drugs, administered in an outpatient setting, and given without pre-treatment chemotherapy required with many conventional cell 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 therapies. In an open-label Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with myasthenia gravis, or MG, a chronic autoimmune disease that causes disabling muscle weakness and fatigue, we observed that our lead product candidate, Descartes-08, generated a deep and durable clinical benefit, with all seven participants maintaining improvements in MG severity scales considered clinically meaningful by expert consensus at nine months, and five of the seven participants maintaining improvements in MG severity scales considered clinically meaningful by expert consensus at 12 months. Durability of response in MG is commonly measured over a period of 26 to 52 weeks, and maintenance of response over that period is considered durable. 
 Our mRNA CAR-T modality is a personalized approach that collects a patient s T-cells and uses mRNA to introduce a CAR into the cell. The CAR redirects the T-cells to target and destroy pathogenic self-reactive cells. Our mRNA in situ modality is designed to deliver mRNA into a patient s lymph node to generate CAR-T cells and other proteins that target autoimmunity . 
 
 Merger 
 On November 13, 2023, the Company (formerly known as Selecta Biosciences, Inc., or Selecta) merged with the private Delaware corporation which, immediately prior to the Merger (as defined below), was known as Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc., or Old Cartesian, in accordance with the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the Merger Agreement, by and among 
 Selecta, Sakura Merger Sub I, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Selecta, or First Merger Sub, Sakura Merger Sub II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Selecta, or Second Merger Sub, and Old Cartesian. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, First Merger Sub merged with and into Old Cartesian, pursuant to which Old Cartesian was the surviving corporation and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Selecta, or the First Merger. Immediately following the First Merger, Old Cartesian merged with and into Second Merger Sub, pursuant to which Second Merger Sub was the surviving entity, or the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Merger. In connection with the Second Merger, Old Cartesian changed its name to Cartesian Bio, LLC . In connection with the Merger and pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company changed its corporate name to Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. See Note 3 of the accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for additional information regarding the Merger. 
 
 Financial Operations 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through public offerings and private placements of our securities, funding received from research grants, collaboration and license arrangements and a credit facility. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any product sales. 
 Except for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have incurred significant operating losses since our inception. We incurred a net loss of 67.2 million and 42.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 681.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we: 
 advance Descartes-08 for MG into Phase 3 development; 
 continue to develop our preclinical and clinical-stage product candidates; 
 seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; and 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio, including through licensing arrangements. 
 Until we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and license and collaboration agreements. We may be unable to raise capital when needed or on reasonable terms, if at all, which would force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, we entered into a securities purchase agreement, or the Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to issue 149,330.115 shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, or the Series A Preferred Stock, in exchange for aggregate gross proceeds of 60.25 million, or the November 2023 Private Placement. We granted customary registration rights to investors in connection with the November 2023 Private Placement. 
 On July 2, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement, or the July 2024 Purchase Agreement, for a private investment in public equity financing, or the July 2024 Private Placement, which provides for the issuance of 3,563,247 shares of common stock and 2,937,903 shares of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, or the Series B Preferred Stock, each at a purchase price of 20.00 per share. The July 2024 Private Placement resulted in gross proceeds of approximately 130.0 million before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. We granted customary registration rights to investors in connection with the July 2024 Private Placement. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 will support development of Descartes-08 in MG, specifically supporting anticipated manufacturing costs associated with a Phase 3 clinical trial. We have 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 
 The consolidated financial information presented below includes the accounts of Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries, Selecta (RUS) LLC, a Russian limited liability company, or Selecta (RUS), and Selecta Biosciences Security Corporation, a Massachusetts securities corporation, and Cartesian Bio, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is a variable interest entity for which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 Collaboration and license revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales. Our revenue consists primarily of collaboration and license revenue, which includes amounts recognized related to upfront and milestone payments for research and development funding under collaboration and license agreements. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter because of the timing and amounts of fees, research and development reimbursements and other payments from collaborators. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales for at least the next several years. If we or our collaborators fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or fail to obtain regulatory approval as needed, our ability to generate future revenue will be harmed, and will affect the results of our operations and financial position. For further description of the agreements underlying our collaboration and license revenue, see Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Grant revenue 
 Additionally, we generate grant revenue which consists of funding received to perform specific research and development services under a grant arrangement with the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke of the National Institutes of Health, or NINDS. For further description of the arrangement underlying our grant revenue, see Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Research and development 
 Our research and development expenses consist of internal and external research and development costs, which primarily include fees paid to contract research organizations, internal manufacturing and quality related expenses, process development costs, internal research and development expenses, as well as fees paid to contract manufacturing organizations. These costs are primarily associated with compensation expenses for our research and development employees, capital equipment and supplies for our process development and manufacturing process, and other related expenses. Our internal research and development employees as well as our direct and indirect costs are shared across multiple development programs and are not solely dedicated to individual programs. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. Conducting a significant amount of research and development is central to our business model. Product candidates in clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of development, primarily due to the size, duration and cost of clinical trials. The successful development of our clinical and preclinical product candidates is highly uncertain. Clinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from our expectations. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those which we currently expect will be required for the completion of clinical development of a product candidate, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time to complete any clinical development. 
 In June 2020, we and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB, or Sobi, entered into a License and Development Agreement, which was amended in October 2023, or, as so amended, the Sobi License. Pursuant to the Sobi License, clinical trial costs incurred to complete development of the product candidate SEL-212, including but not limited to costs incurred while conducting and completing the Phase 3 DISSOLVE trials for SEL-212, were reimbursed by Sobi. These costs, when reimbursed, were recognized as revenue consistent with the revenue recognition methodology disclosed in Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. The reimbursable costs exclude any costs of additional development activities required that were related to the ImmTOR platform and were unrelated to SEL-212. 
 In January 2023, we and Audentes Therapeutics, Inc., or Astellas, entered into a License and Development Agreement, or the Astellas Agreement. Pursuant to the Astellas Agreement, Astellas agreed to reimburse us for 25 of all budgeted costs incurred to complete the development of Xork, a bacterial IgG protease licensed from Genovis AB (publ.), or Genovis, for use in Pompe disease with an Astellas gene therapy investigational or authorized product. These costs, when reimbursed, were recognized as revenue consistent with the revenue recognition methodology disclosed in Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. The Astellas Agreement was terminated effective June 6, 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefits, including stock-based compensation, related to our executive, finance, business development and support functions. Other general and administrative expenses include facility-related costs not otherwise allocated to research and development expenses, travel expenses for our general and administrative personnel and professional fees for auditing, tax and corporate legal services, including intellectual property-related legal services. 
 Investment income 
 Investment income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest expense on amounts borrowed under our credit facilities. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net consists primarily of sublease income. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Common warrants classified as liabilities are remeasured quarterly at fair value, utilizing a Black-Scholes valuation methodology, with the change in fair value recognized as a component of earnings. 
 Change in fair value of contingent value right liability 
 The contingent value right, or CVR, liability is remeasured quarterly at fair value, utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation, with the change in fair value recognized as a component of earnings. 
 Change in fair value of forward contract liabilities 
 The forward contract liabilities associated with the delayed issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock related to the November 2023 Private Placement is remeasured quarterly and upon settlement at fair value, utilizing the market price of our common stock, with the change in fair value recognized as a component of earnings. 
 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 
 The functional currency of Selecta (RUS) is the Russian ruble. In addition to holding cash denominated in Russian rubles, our Russian bank accounts also hold cash balances denominated in U.S. dollars to facilitate payments to be settled in U.S. dollars or other currencies. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we maintained cash of 0.2 million in Russian bank accounts in denominations of both Russian rubles and U.S. dollars. The amounts denominated in U.S. dollars and used in transacting the day-to-day operations of our Russian subsidiary are subject to transaction gains and losses, which are reported as incurred. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Collaboration and license revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized no collaboration and license revenue, compared to 6.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 6.6 million, or 100 . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in revenue recognized under the Sobi License and the Astellas Agreement. 
 Grant revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.4 million of grant revenue. We received funding approval from NINDS during the three months ended June 30, 2024, and as such there was no grant revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Research and development expenses 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 , our research and development expenses were 11.4 million, consisting of 4.5 million of manufacturing expenses, 2.2 million of clinical expenses and 4.7 million of research and other expenses, compared to 13.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, consisting of 2.3 million of manufacturing expenses, 4.9 million of clinical expenses and 5.8 million of research and other expenses, a decrease of 1.6 million, or 12 . The decrease in cost primarily resulted from reductions in clinical expenses. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 , our general and administrative expenses were 6.6 million compared to 6.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, remaining consistent. 
 Investment income 
 Investment income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.6 million, compared to 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in investment income was due to increased investment balance. 
 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 
 We recognized de minimis foreign currency fluctuations during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Interest expense 
 We recognized no interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing interest expense and amortization of the carrying costs of our credit facilities and loss on extinguishment of debt during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 5.7 million of income from the decrease in the fair value of warrant liabilities, compared to 3.8 million of income from the decrease in the fair value of warrant liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1.9 million, or 50 . Fair value of warrant liabilities was determined utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation methodology. The decrease in warrant value was primarily driven by a decrease in the per-share price of our common stock. 
 Change in fair value of contingent value right liability 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 15.1 million of expense associated with the increase in the fair value of the CVR liability. The fair value of the CVR liability as of September 30, 2024 was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model. The decrease in the fair value of CVR liability was primarily due to decrease in interest rates and the passage of time. There was no CVR liability prior to the Merger and as such, no change in the fair value of the CVR liability is reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in fair value of forward contract liabilities 
 The remaining Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability was settled during the three months ended March 31, 2024, and there was no Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability prior to the Merger. As such, no change in the fair value of the Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability is reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Other income, net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized other income, net of 0.3 million, compared to 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net loss 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 24.2 million as compared to net loss of 9.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 15.2 million or 169 . The change was primarily due to expenses associated with the change in the fair value of the CVR liability and decreased revenue recognized under the Sobi License. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Collaboration and license revenue 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 39.1 million of collaboration and license revenue, compared to 17.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 21.4 million, or 121 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in revenue recognized under the Sobi License resulting from the 30.0 million unconstrained development milestone recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an increase for revenue recognized under the Astellas Agreement upon notice of termination during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Grant revenue 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.6 million of grant revenue. We received funding approval from NINDS during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and as such there was no grant revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Research and development expenses 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , our research and development expenses were 33.8 million, consisting of 9.9 million of manufacturing expenses, 9.0 million of clinical expenses and 14.9 million of research and other expenses, compared to 49.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consisting of 5.2 million of manufacturing expenses, 16.3 million of clinical expenses and 27.9 million of research and other expenses, a decrease of 15.6 million, or 32 . The decrease in cost primarily resulted from reductions in clinical expenses, expenses due to a one-time cash charge to salaries and benefits as a result of our headcount reduction in April 2023 and decreased contract license and milestone payments. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , our general and administrative expenses were 23.0 million compared to 18.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 4.6 million, or 25 . The increase in cost was primarily the result of expenses incurred for personnel expenses and professional fees incurred in connection with the Merger. 
 Investment income 
 Investment income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.9 million, compared to 4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in investment income was due to decreased investment balance. 
 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 
 We recognized de minimis foreign currency fluctuations during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Interest expense 
 We recognized no interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing interest expense and amortization of the carrying costs of our credit facilities and loss on extinguishment of debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 2.8 million of income from the decrease in the fair value of warrant liabilities, compared to 6.0 million of income from the decrease in the fair value of warrant liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 3.2 million, or 53 . Fair value of warrant liabilities was determined utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation methodology. The decrease in warrant value was primarily driven by a decrease in the per-share price of our common stock. 
 Change in fair value of contingent value right liability 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 51.9 million of expense associated with the increase in the fair value of the CVR liability. The fair value of the CVR liability as of September 30, 2024 was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model. The increase in the fair value of CVR liability was primarily due to changes in the amount and timing of anticipated payments and the passage of time. There was no CVR liability prior to the Merger and as such, no change in the fair value of the CVR liability is reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Change in fair value of forward contract liabilities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 6.9 million of expense associated with the increase in the fair value of Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liabilities. The increase in Series A Preferred Stock value was primarily driven by an increase in the per-share price of our common stock since December 31, 2023 through settlement. The remaining Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability was settled during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability prior to the Merger and as such, no change in the fair value of the Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability is reflected in our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other income, net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized other income, net of 1.1 million, compared to 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.3 million, or 38 . The increase was primarily driven by sublease income. 
 Net loss 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 67.2 million as compared to net loss of 42.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 25.1 million or 60 . The change was primarily due to expenses associated with the change in the fair value of the CVR liability and Series A Preferred Stock forward contract liability, partially offset by revenue recognized under the Sobi License and decreased research and development expenses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Except for net income of 35.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have incurred recurring net losses since our inception. We expect that we will continue to incur losses and that such losses will increase for the foreseeable future. We expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase and, as a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may raise through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, third-party funding, potential royalty and/or milestone monetization transactions and other collaborations and strategic alliances. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were 220.9 million, of which 1.7 million was restricted cash related to lease commitments and 0.2 million was held by our Russian subsidiary designated solely for use in its operations . 
 In addition to our existing cash equivalents, we from time to time have received and may receive in the future research and development funding pursuant to our collaboration and license agreements. Currently, funding from payments under our collaboration agreements represent our only source of committed external funds. 
 The liability associated with the contingent value rights agreement, or CVR Agreement, entered into on December 6, 2023, will be settled solely through cash flow received under the Sobi License and any other Gross Proceeds (as such term is defined in the CVR Agreement) net of certain agreed deductions. Under the CVR Agreement, 100 of all milestone payments, royalties, and other amounts paid to us or our controlled entities under the Sobi License, and any other Gross Proceeds, in each case net of certain agreed deductions, will be distributed to holders of the CVRs. There is no contractual obligation for us to fund any amount related to the CVR liability. 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreements 
 In-licenses 
 In September 2023, we entered into a non-exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide, perpetual patent license agreement, or the Biogen Agreement, with Biogen MA, Inc., or Biogen, to research, develop, make, use, offer, sell and import products or processes containing or using an engineering T-cell modified with an mRNA comprising, or encoding a protein comprising, certain sequences licensed under the Biogen Agreement for the prevention, treatment, palliation and management of autoimmune diseases and disorders, excluding cancers, neoplastic disorders, and paraneoplastic disorders. We are not obligated to pay Biogen any expenses, fees, or royalties. For further description of the Biogen Agreement, see Note 15 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Effective September 2019, we entered into a nonexclusive, worldwide license agreement, or the NCI Agreement, with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, represented by the National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health, or NCI. Under the NCI Agreement, we were granted a license under certain NCI patents and patent applications designated in the agreement, to make, use, sell, offer and import products and processes within the scope of the patents and applications licensed under the NCI Agreement when developing and manufacturing anti-BCMA CAR-T cell products for the treatment of MG, pemphigus vulgaris, and immune thrombocytopenic purpura according to methods designated in the NCI Agreement. In connection with our entry into the NCI Agreement, we paid to NCI a one-time 0.1 million license royalty payment. Under the NCI Agreement, we are further required to pay NCI a low five-digit annual royalty. We must also pay earned royalties on net sales in a low single-digit percentage and pay up to 0.8 million in benchmark royalties upon our achievement of designated benchmarks that are based on the commercial development plan agreed between the parties. For further description of the NCI Agreement, see Note 15 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 In October 2021, we and Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc., or Ginkgo, entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement, or the First Ginkgo Agreement, and paid Ginkgo a 0.5 million one-time upfront payment. In June 2022, we paid 0.5 million and issued 29,761 shares of our common stock then-valued at 1.0 million to Ginkgo for the achievement of certain preclinical milestones under the First Ginkgo Agreement. In January 2022, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement, or the Second Ginkgo Agreement, and paid Ginkgo a 1.5 million one-time upfront payment. In July 2023, we paid 1.0 million and issued 44,642 shares of our common stock then-valued at 1.5 million to Ginkgo for the achievement of certain preclinical milestones under the Second Ginkgo Agreement. For further description of the First Ginkgo Agreement and the Second Ginkgo Agreement, see Note 15 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, in October 2021, we entered into an Exclusive License Agreement with Genovis, or the Genovis Agreement, and paid Genovis a 4.0 million one-time upfront payment. In February 2023, as a result of the sublicense of Xork to Astellas, we made a 4.0 million payment to Genovis. In March 2024, we informed Genovis of our intent to terminate the Genovis Agreement, effective September 13, 2024. For further description of the Genovis Agreement, see Note 15 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 On September 7, 2021, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement, or the Cyrus Agreement, with Cyrus Biotechnology, Inc., or Cyrus, and purchased 2,326,934 shares of Cyrus Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share at a purchase price of 0.8595 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 2.0 million. In October 2023, we notified Cyrus of our termination of the Cyrus Agreement, effective December 29, 2023. For further description of the Cyrus Agreement, see Note 15 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Out-licenses 
 In January 2023, we entered into the Astellas Agreement with Astellas. Under this agreement, Astellas obtained the sole and exclusive right to commercialize Xork for use in Pompe disease in combination with an Astellas gene therapy investigational or authorized product, with a current focus on AT845. In connection with entry into this agreement, we received a 10 million upfront payment and are eligible to receive 340.0 million for certain additional development and commercial milestones plus royalties on any potential commercial sales where Xork is used as a pre-treatment for AT845. As a result of the sublicense of Xork to Astellas, we made a 4.0 million payment to Genovis in February 2023. The Astellas Agreement was terminated effective June 6, 2024. For further description of the Astellas Agreement, see Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Amounts paid and remaining obligations with regard to the Xork product candidate not reimbursed by Astellas through the Astellas Agreement are subject to potential reimbursement through deductions to CVR distributions as described in Note 5 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 On October 1, 2021, we entered into a License Agreement, or the Takeda Agreement, with Takeda Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., or Takeda. We received a 3.0 million upfront payment and were entitled to receive up to 1.124 billion in future additional payments over the course of the partnership that were contingent on the achievement of development or commercial milestones or Takeda s election to continue its activities at specified development stages. The Takeda Agreement was terminated effective July 25, 2023. For further description of the Takeda Agreement, see Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 In June 2020, we entered into the Sobi License. Sobi paid us a one-time, upfront payment of 75 million, and upon the closing of a private placement of our common stock to Sobi at a price of 138.468 per share, we received an additional 25 million from Sobi. We are eligible to receive 630 million in milestone payments upon the achievement of various development and regulatory milestones and sales thresholds for annual net sales of SEL-212, and tiered royalty payments ranging from the low double digits on the lowest sales tier to the high teens on the highest sales tier. Sobi has agreed to fund the Phase 3 clinical program of SEL-212, which commenced in September 2020. In July 2022, we received 10.0 million for the completion of the enrollment of the DISSOLVE II trial. In July 2024, we received 30.0 million for the milestone associated with the initiation of a rolling biologics license application to the FDA for SEL-212 for the potential treatment of chronic refractory gout by Sobi. Proceeds from milestone payments and royalties on sales of SEL-212, if any, are required to be distributed, net of certain agreed deductions, to holders of the CVRs. For further description of the Sobi License, see Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Additionally, in June 2020, we and Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc., or Sarepta, entered into a Research License and Option Agreement, or the Sarepta Agreement. Sarepta paid us a 2.0 million upfront payment upon closing and 3.0 million for the achievement of certain pre-clinical milestones in June 2021. In August 2022, we received a payment of 2.0 million in exchange for a nine-month extension to Sarepta's options to both Duchenne muscular dystrophy and certain limb-girdle muscular dystrophies and a payment of 4.0 million for the achievement of certain non-clinical milestones. In March 2023, we were notified by Sarepta that Sarepta would not be exercising its exclusive option under the Sarepta Agreement. The Sarepta Agreement terminated upon the expiration of the option in March 2023. For further description of the Sarepta Agreement, see Note 13 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Financings 
 On October 25, 2021, we entered into a Sales Agreement, or the 2021 Sales Agreement, with Leerink Partners LLC, or Leerink Partners (and then known as SVB Leerink LLC), to sell shares of our common stock, from time to time, through an at the market equity offering program under which Leerink Partners will act as sales agent. The shares of common stock sold pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement, if any, would be issued and sold pursuant to a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, for remaining aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to 51.0 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold no shares of our common stock pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 25,818 shares of our 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 common stock pursuant to the 2021 Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 2.1 million, after deducting commissions and other transaction costs. 
 On November 13, 2023, we entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement with (i) Dr. Timothy A. Springer, a member of our Board of Directors; (ii) TAS Partners LLC, an affiliate of Dr. Springer, and (iii) Seven One Eight Three Four Irrevocable Trust, a trust associated with Dr. Murat Kalayoglu, a co-founder and the former chief executive officer of Old Cartesian, who joined our Board of Directors effective immediately after the effective time of the Merger, providing for the November 2023 Private Placement. In the November 2023 Private Placement, we issued and sold an aggregate of 149,330.115 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of 60.25 million, of which 50,189.789 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and sold in the year ended December 31, 2023 for gross proceeds of 20.25 million, and 99,140.326 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for gross proceeds of 40.0 million. 
 On July 2, 2024, we entered into the July 2024 Purchase Agreement for the July 2024 Private Placement with the Purchasers. In the July 2024 Private Placement, we issued and sold an aggregate of 3,563,247 shares of common stock and 2,937,903 shares of Series B Preferred Stock for which we generated gross proceeds of approximately 130.0 million. 
 Indebtedness 
 We previously maintained a term loan of up to 35.0 million, of which 25.0 million was funded in August 2020. In September 2023, we entered into a payoff letter with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (successor by purchase to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for SVBB (as successor to Silicon Valley Bank)), the lenders under the term loan, pursuant to which we paid all outstanding amounts under such term loan, together with accrued interest and a prepayment penalty, resulting in the full extinguishment of such term loan. The total payoff amount was 22.3 million, consisting of the remaining principal amount due of 19.8 million, the final payment fee of 2.3 million, the prepayment penalty of 0.2 million, and less than 0.1 million of accrued interest. 
 If in the future we seek debt financing, the terms of such debt could restrict our operating and financial flexibility by imposing liens on our assets and covenants on the operation of our business. 
 Future funding requirements 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we have not generated any revenue from product sales. We do not know when, or if, we will generate revenue from product sales. We will not generate significant revenue from product sales unless and until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize one of our current or future product candidates. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, compensation and related expenses, third-party clinical research and development services, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, legal and other regulatory expenses, milestone and royalty payments for in-licenses, and general overhead costs. We expect that we will continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect the losses to increase as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved products. We are subject to risks in the development of our products, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. We expect that we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 681.8 million. We anticipate operating losses to continue for the foreseeable future due to, among other things, costs related to research, development of our product candidates, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, and our administrative organization. We will require substantial additional financing to fund our operations and to continue to execute our strategy, and we will pursue a range of options to secure additional capital. 
 We regularly evaluate various potential sources of additional funding such as strategic collaborations, license agreements, debt issuance, potential royalty and/or milestone monetization transactions and the issuance of equity instruments to fund our operations. If we raise additional funds through strategic collaborations and alliances, which may include existing collaboration partners, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity instruments, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and other preferences may be necessary that adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as of September 30, 2024, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. We may pursue additional cash resources through public or private equity or debt financings, by establishing collaborations with other companies or through the monetization of potential royalty and/or milestone payments pursuant to our existing collaboration and license arrangements. Management s expectations with respect to our ability to fund current and long-term planned operations are based on estimates that are subject to risks and uncertainties. If actual results are different from management s estimates, we may need to seek additional strategic or financing opportunities sooner than would otherwise be expected. However, there is no guarantee that any of these strategic or financing opportunities will be executed on favorable terms, and some could be dilutive 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 to existing stockholders. If we are unable to obtain additional funding on a timely basis, we may be forced to significantly curtail, delay, or discontinue one or more of our planned research or development programs or be unable to expand our operations, meet long-term obligations or otherwise capitalize on our commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of our clinical trials, preclinical development, manufacturing, laboratory testing and logistics; 
 the number of product candidates that we pursue and the speed with which we pursue development; 
 our headcount growth and associated costs; 
 the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 
 the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the revenue, if any, from commercial sales of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; and 
 the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies, including entering into licensing or collaboration arrangements for product candidates. 
 Cash Requirements due to Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 We are under agreement to lease approximately 32,294 square feet of laboratory and office space in Watertown, Massachusetts through May 2028. Remaining lease payments from September 30, 2024 through the end of the lease term total approximately 10.3 million. Payments made and remaining obligations on this lease liability are subject to potential reimbursement through deductions to CVR distributions as described in Note 5 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 In November 2023, in connection with the Merger, we acquired two leases for office and laboratory space in Gaithersburg, Maryland, which expire in January 2027. Annualized rent is approximately 0.3 million and remaining lease payments total 0.8 million through the end of the lease term. 
 In February 2024, we entered into an agreement to lease approximately 19,199 square feet of integrated manufacturing and office space in Fredericksburg, Maryland. In May 2024, we entered into an amendment to lease an additional approximately 7,842 square feet. In August 2024, we entered into a second amendment to lease an additional approximately 2,009 square feet. The leases expire coterminously in June 2031. Annualized base rent under the leases is approximately 1.2 million and is subject to annual increases in accordance with the terms of the lease agreement. The leases provide for a tenant improvement allowance of 0.8 million. Remaining lease payments total 8.4 million through the end of the lease term. 
 We are also party to certain license and collaboration agreements with Biogen, NCI, and Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or 3SBio. We may be obligated to make certain future payments which are contingent upon future events such as our achievement of specified regulatory and commercial milestones, or royalties on net product sales under these agreements. As of September 30, 2024, we were unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving these milestones or generating future product sales. Payments made and remaining obligations on the license agreement with 3SBio are subject to potential reimbursement through deductions to CVR distributions as described in Note 5 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash (used in) and provided by: Operating activities (16,672) (27,875) Investing activities (8,388) 28,112 Financing activities 167,645 (27,226) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (6) (69) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 142,579 (27,058) 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.7 million compared to 27.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash used in operating activities of 11.2 million was primarily due to 4.0 million of net loss, adjusted for non-cash items, and approximately 12.7 million cash used in changes in operating assets and liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 36.8 million of net loss, adjusted for non-cash items, and approximately 8.9 million cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.4 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 28.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 36.5 million. The net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment. The net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily proceeds from the maturities of marketable securities offset by purchases of property and equipment. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 167.6 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of 27.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 194.8 million. The net cash provided by financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of proceeds of the July 2024 Private Placement and the November 2023 Private Placement. The net cash used in financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily the result of repayments of principal on outstanding debt offset by proceeds from issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of recently adopted or issued accounting pronouncements please see Note 2 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 We qualify as a smaller reporting company under the rules of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. As a result, we may choose to take advantage of certain scaled disclosure requirements available specifically to smaller reporting companies. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliated persons and entities, or our public float, is more than 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or until the fiscal year following the year in which we have at least 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 100 million in revenue and at least 250 million in public float as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The market risk inherent in our financial instruments and in our financial position represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 220.9 million and 78.3 million, respectively, consisting of non-interest and interest-bearing money market accounts. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term and the low risk profile of our money market accounts and marketable securities, and our current policy to hold marketable securities to maturity, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents or short-term marketable securities. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024 because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting discussed below. 
 Material Weakness 
 As a result of its review of the internal control procedures for the year ended December 31, 2023, management identified a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. There are no material accounting errors or omissions within the consolidated financial statements as a result of this material weakness. Management concluded that it did not design and implement effective internal controls specifically related to the documentation of the assumptions supporting the valuation of the in-process intangible assets in connection with the Old Cartesian material business combination and the initial and ongoing contingent value right obligation issued at the time to legacy Selecta stockholders. This includes a lack of sufficient documentation to provide evidence of the associated management review controls. 
 Remediation Plans for Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment. In response to the identified material weakness above, we, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, intend to take comprehensive actions to remediate the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. We expect to re-evaluate the scope and level of precision for conducting and documenting the reviews over significant acquisitions and contingent value rights including the review of prospective financial information used in valuation reports produced by third-party specialists supporting the accounting for business combinations and contingent value rights. The remediation efforts are intended both to address the identified material weakness and to enhance our overall financial control environment. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal controls over financial reporting are subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error, and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may be inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 None. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 See the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in such filings. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer or any contract, instrument or written plan for the purchase or sale of Cartesian securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 13, 2023, by and among Selecta Biosciences, Inc., Sakura Merger Sub I, Inc., Sakura Merger Sub II, LLC, and Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37798 2.1 11/13/2023 3.1(a) 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Selecta Biosciences, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37798 3.1 6/29/2016 3.1(b) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Selecta Biosciences, Inc., dated June 21, 2022 
 8-K 001-37798 3.1 6/21/2022 3.1(c) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Selecta Biosciences, Inc., dated November 13, 2023 
 8-K 001-37798 3.3 11/13/2023 3.1(d) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc., dated March 28, 2024. 
 8-K 001-37798 3.2 3/28/2024 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-37798 3.2 11/13/2023 4.1(a) 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 001-37798 3.4 11/13/2023 4.1(b) 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 26, 2024. 
 8-K 001-37798 3.1 3/28/2024 4.2 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 001-37798 3.1 7/2/2024 10.1 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between 7495 RP, LLC and Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. dated August 30, 2024 
 - - - Filed herewith 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 - - - Filed herewith 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 - - - Filed herewith 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 - - - Furnished herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) - - - Filed herewith 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document - - - Filed herewith 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document - - - Filed herewith 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document - - - Filed herewith 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document - - - Filed herewith 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document - - - Filed herewith 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) - - - Filed herewith 
 
 Certain annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted attachment to the SEC on a confidential basis upon request. 
 Certain confidential information contained in this exhibit, marked by brackets and asterisks, has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K because the information (i) is not material and (ii) is the type of information that the Company both customarily and actually treats as private and confidential. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

CARTESIAN THERAPEUTICS, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Blaine Davis Blaine Davis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 50 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101secondamendmenttoleas.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this Second Amendment is made and entered into this 30 th day of August, 2024 Effective Date ), by and between 7495 RP, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, having an address at 5377 Jackson Mountain Road, Frederick, Maryland 21702 Landlord ), and CARTESIAN THERAPEUTICS, INC. , a Delaware corporation, having a headquarters address at 704 Quince Orchard Road (Suite 140), Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 Tenant ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 This Second Amendment is made and entered with respect to the following 
 
 R-1. Landlord and Tenant are the current parties to that certain Lease dated February 28, 2024 as amended by that First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated May 7, 2024 (together, the Lease ), pursuant to which Landlord has agreed to lease to Tenant approximately 27,041 square feet of Rentable Area on the first floor (the Existing Premises of the building located at 7495 New Horizon Way, Frederick, Maryland 21702 Building ). 
 R-2. Landlord desires to lease to Tenant and Tenant desires to lease from Landlord on the terms set forth herein, in addition to the Existing Premises, approximately 2,009 square feet of Rentable Area designated as Suite 210 (the Second Expansion Premises located on the second (2 nd floor of the Building. The Second Expansion Premises is more particularly shown on Exhibit A which is attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
 R-3. Landlord and Tenant desire to expand the Existing Premises to include the Second Expansion Premises, and to otherwise modify the Lease as set forth herein in this Second Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars 10.00) and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged by Landlord and Tenant, Landlord and Tenant covenant and agree as follows 
 1. RECITALS CAPITALIZED TERMS . The above-mentioned Recitals are incorporated herein by this reference as though fully set forth at length. Capitalized terms used in this Second Amendment but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Lease. 
 2. TERM . The term of the Lease with respect to the Second Expansion Premises Expansion Premises Term shall commence as of September 1, 2024 (the Second Expansion Premises Lease Commencement Date and shall expire at the expiration of the Term of the Lease (it being the intent of the parties that the term of Tenant s leasing of the Existing Premises and the term of Tenant s leasing of the Second Expansion Premises shall be coterminous). The first Second Expansion Premises Lease Year (or SEPLY shall commence on the Second Expansion Premises Commencement Date and shall end on the last day of the first Lease Year (as defined in Section 1.1 of the Lease). Each subsequent year shall be coterminous with the corresponding Lease Year as provided for in the Lease. 
 1 

3. DELIVERY . 
 (a) Tenant shall accept the Second Expansion Premises in its as is condition on the Second Expansion Premises Commencement Date. Tenant has had an opportunity to inspect the Second Expansion Premises and has determined that the same is sufficient for Tenant s use thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall repair with reasonable promptness any latent defects in said Building systems reported by Tenant to Landlord in writing within 360 days of the Expansion Premises Lease Commencement Date. If identified in writing, Landlord shall, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, commence to repair or replace said item(s) within a commercially-reasonable period of time following receipt of such notice. 
 (b) If Landlord does not deliver possession of the Second Expansion Premises on the Second Expansion Premises Commencement Date or any other date targeted therefor, Landlord shall not have any liability whatsoever to Tenant on account of such failure to deliver possession of the Second Expansion Premises to Tenant and neither this Second Amendment nor the Lease shall be rendered void or voidable as a result of such delay. However, under such circumstances, the Second Expansion Premises Commencement Date shall be postponed until Landlord has delivered possession of the Second Expansion Premises to Tenant. 
 4. PREMISES . Beginning on the Second Expansion Premises Commencement Date, Tenant shall lease the Second Expansion Premises from Landlord subject to the terms of the Lease, as modified hereby. Notwithstanding any provision of the Lease to the contrary, from and after the Second Expansion Premises Commencement Date, except where there is a conflict with the terms of this Second Amendment, the Premises , as such term is used in the Lease, shall include the Existing Premises and the Second Expansion Premises, containing a total of approximately 29,050 square feet of Rentable Area . The Premises (including the Existing Premises and the Second Expansion Premises) shall be known as 7495 New Horizon Way, Suites 130, 140, 150, 210, 220 and 230 , Frederick, Maryland 21702. As of the Effective Date, Section 2.21(b) of the Lease is hereby amended to replace thirty-six and five tenths percent (36.5 with thirty-nine and sixteen hundredths percent (39.16 ). 
 
 5. RENT . 
 
 (a) Second Expansion Premises Annual Rent . In addition to the Base Rent with respect to the Existing Premises, Tenant shall pay to Landlord Base Rent with respect to the Second Expansion Premises Second Expansion Premises Base Rent as follows 
 
 Lease Year 
 Annual Rent 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 Rent Per Square Foot 
 SEPLY-end of 1 st 
 Lease Year 
 64,288.00 
 5,357.33 
 32.00 
 2 
 66,216.64 
 5,518.05 
 32.96 
 
 2 

Lease Year 
 Annual Rent 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 Rent Per Square Foot 
 3 
 68,205.55 
 5,683.80 
 33.95 
 4 
 70,254.73 
 5,854.56 
 34.97 
 5 
 72,364.18 
 6,030.35 
 36.02 
 6 
 74,533.90 
 6,211.16 
 37.10 
 7 
 76,763.89 
 6,396.99 
 38.21 

This period may be less than twelve full calendar months 
 
 The foregoing Base Rent for the Second Expansion Premises shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord in accordance with the terms of the Lease, commencing on the Second Expansion Premises Lease Commencement Date. 
 
 (b) Additional Rent . Tenant shall pay all Additional Rent for the Second Expansion Premises as required pursuant to the terms of the Lease, including, but not limited to, Section 2 thereof. 
 6. SECURITY DEPOSIT . The parties acknowledge that Landlord is currently holding a security deposit in the amount of 292,245.25 . Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Second Amendment, Tenant shall deposit with Landlord an additional security deposit in the amount of 16,071.99 (which amount represents three (3) months of Base Rent for the Second Expansion Premises). Landlord shall hold, apply and disburse the entire security deposit i.e. , 308,317.24 in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Lease concerning the Security Deposit. 
 7. REPRESENTATIONS . 
 A. To induce Landlord to enter into this Second Amendment, Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that as of the date of this Second Amendment 
 (a) Tenant has not assigned the Lease or sublet any portion of the Existing 
 Premises 
 (b) The Lease is unmodified (except as otherwise expressly set forth to the 
 contrary in this Second Amendment) and is in full force and effect 
 (c) Tenant has no claims against Landlord arising under or in connection with the Lease, and Tenant has no set off or defenses against the enforcement of any right or remedy of Landlord under the Lease and 
 (d) Landlord is not in default of any of its obligations under the Lease and no event has occurred and no condition exists which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, will constitute a default by Landlord under the Lease. 
 B. Landlord hereby represents and warrants to Tenant as of the date of this Second Amendment 
 3 

(a) The Lease is unmodified (except as otherwise expressly set forth to the contrary in this Second Amendment) and is in full force and effect and 
 (b) To Landlord s knowledge, Tenant is not in default of any of its obligations under the Lease and no event has occurred and no condition exists which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both, will constitute a default by Tenant under the Lease. 
 8. RATIFICATION . Unless a term or condition of the Lease is expressly contradicted by the terms of this Second Amendment or modified hereby, all terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect and continue to bind Landlord and Tenant. In the event that a term of this Second Amendment is fundamentally inconsistent with a term of the Lease, the terms of this Second Amendment shall control. The terms of the Lease, as modified hereby, are ratified and affirmed by the parties. 
 9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT . This Second Amendment constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter addressed herein. No terms, conditions, representations, warranties, promises, or understandings, of any nature whatsoever, express or implied, have been made or relied upon by any party hereto. This Second Amendment may not be modified, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a writing executed by the parties hereto. 
 10. BROKER . Landlord and Tenant each represent and warrant to the other that it has not employed any broker, agent or finder with regard to this Second Amendment, other than Scheer Partners, Inc. which shall be paid by Landlord pursuant to a separate agreement. Each party hereby indemnifies and holds harmless the other for any other claims relating to commissions or brokerage fees arising from a breach of the foregoing representation and warranty. 
 11. BINDING EFFECT MERGER . The terms and provisions of this Second Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns under the Lease. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event Landlord obtains a judgment against Tenant in connection with the Lease, the Lease shall not merge into the judgment. 
 12. COUNTERPARTS ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES . This Second Amendment 
 may be executed in multiple counterparts each of which counterparts shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts collectively shall constitute one and the same document. The parties agree that the signatures of the person executing this Second Amendment may be transmitted via electronic means and shall be sufficient evidence of the execution of this Second Amendment. 
 13. GOVERNING LAW . This Second Amendment shall be governed by and 
 interpreted under the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 14. AUTHORITY . Each individual executing this Second Amendment hereby represents and warrants that she or he has the capacity set forth on the signature pages hereof with full power and authority to bind the party on whose behalf she or he is executing this Second 
 
 4 

Amendment to the terms hereof. The parties have read and understood this Second Amendment and have had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel with respect hereto. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 5 

Signature Page to Second Amendment to Lease Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto has executed and ensealed this Second Amendment to Lease Agreement or caused it to be executed and ensealed on its behalf by its duly authorized representatives, the day and year first written above. 

LANDLORD 7495 RP, LLC By s William C. Robertson Name William C. Robertson Title Manager TENANT CARTESIAN THERAPEUTICS, INC. By s Blaine Davis Name Blaine Davis Title CFO 

6 

EXHIBIT A EXPANSION PREMISES 

7 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311_9302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Carsten Brunn, Ph.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 November 7, 2024 s Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312_9302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Blaine Davis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 November 7, 2024 s Blaine Davis Blaine Davis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321_9302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. Carsten Brunn, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Blaine Davis Blaine Davis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rnac-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rnac-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rnac-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rnac-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rnac-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

