<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1771515_0001771515-24-000150.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6934811</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119197</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1298564</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2363266</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1679923</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1349701</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001771515-24-000150.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106160919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001771515-24-000150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001771515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				471874201
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38950
		FILM NUMBER:		241430981

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5650 HOLLIS STREET
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 845-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5650 HOLLIS STREET
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001771515-24-000150.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 go-20240928.htm
 10-Q

go-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As o f October 31, 2024, the r egistrant had shares o f common stock outstanding. 

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2 . 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Overview 
 21 
 Results of Operations 
 24 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 32 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 34 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 34 
 Item 3 . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4 . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 3 . 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 39 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 Item 5 . 
 Other Information 
 39 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 40 
 Signatures 
 41 

1 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q" or "report") constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact may constitute forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, the integration of our recent acquisition of The Bargain Barn, Inc., a Tennessee corporation doing business as United Grocery Outlet, our enterprise resource planning system upgrades and continued refinements and recent impacts, business and market trends, macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, our private label program, and the sufficiency of our cash balances, working capital and cash generated from operating, investing and financing activities for our future liquidity and capital resource needs. Words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "outlook," "plan," "project," "seek," "will," and similar expressions, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements we make, including those described under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023, and as described in other subsequent reports we file with the United States ("U.S.") Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including this report. We encourage you to read this report and our other filings with the SEC carefully. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, and our expectations based on third-party information and projections are from sources that management believes to be reputable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activities, performance or achievements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report or as of the date specified herein and we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 
 As used in this report, references to "Grocery Outlet," "the Company," "registrant," "we," "us" and "our," refer to Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise. 
 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website, https://investors.groceryoutlet.com, as a channel of distribution of Company information. Financial and other important information about us is routinely accessible through and posted on our website. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website and information accessible through our website is not, however, incorporated by reference or a part of this report. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and the proxy statements for our annual meetings of stockholders are available, free of charge, on our website as soon as practicable after we file the reports with the SEC. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Independent operator receivables and current portion of independent operator notes, net of allowance and 
 Other accounts receivable, net of allowance and 
 Merchandise inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Independent operator notes and receivables, net of allowance and 
 Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Accrued compensation Current portion of long-term debt Current lease liabilities Income and other taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred income tax liabilities, net Long-term lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Series A preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Other expenses: Interest expense, net Loss on debt extinguishment and modification Total other expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income and comprehensive income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 30, 2023 Exercise and vesting of share-based awards Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net loss and comprehensive loss Balance as of March 30, 2024 Exercise and vesting of share-based awards Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income and comprehensive income Balance as of June 29, 2024 Exercise and vesting of share-based awards Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income and comprehensive income Balance as of September 28, 2024 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY, continued 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity 
 Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 Exercise and vesting of share-based awards Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net income and comprehensive income Balance as of April 1, 2023 Exercise and vesting of share-based awards, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Share-based compensation expense Dividends paid ) ) Net income and comprehensive income Balance as of July 1, 2023 Exercise and vesting of share-based awards, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Share-based compensation expense Net income and comprehensive income Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of intangible and other assets Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts Non-cash rent Loss on debt extinguishment and modification Share-based compensation Provision for independent operator and other accounts receivable reserves Deferred income taxes Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Independent operator and other accounts receivable ) ) Merchandise inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Income and other taxes payable ) Trade accounts payable, accrued compensation and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Advances to independent operators ) ) Repayments of advances from independent operators Business acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets Investments in intangible assets and licenses ) ) Proceeds from insurance recoveries - property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Tax withholding related to net settlement of employee share-based awards ) Proceeds from senior term loan due 2028 Proceeds from revolving credit facility Principal payments on revolving credit facility ) Principal payments on senior term loan due 2025 ) Principal payments on senior term loan due 2028 ) ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends paid ) Debt issuance costs paid ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 stores throughout California, Washington, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Idaho, Nevada, Maryland, North Carolina, New Jersey, Georgia, Ohio, Alabama, Delaware, Kentucky and Virginia. 
 
 operating segment. In addition, all of our sales were made to customers located in the U.S. and all property and equipment is located in the U.S. 
 retail store lease and certain equipment leases as finance leases. Lease and non-lease components are accounted for separately. We sublease certain real estate to unrelated third parties under non-cancelable leases and the sublease portfolio consists of operating leases for retail stores. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of September 28, 2024 or December 30, 2023. Generally, assets are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis as a result of impairment charges. There were no tra nsfers of assets or liabilities between levels within the fair value hierarchy during the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Our financial assets and liabilities are carried at cost, which generally approximates their fair value, as described below: 
 Cash and cash equivalents, independent operator ("IO") receivables, other accounts receivable and trade accounts payable The carrying value of such financial instruments approximates their fair value due to factors such as their short-term nature, their variable interest rates or the effect of the related allowance for expected credit losses. 
 Independent operator notes The carrying value of such financial instruments approximates their fair value due to the effect of the related allowance for expected credit losses. 
 Revolving credit facility (Level 2) 
 _______________________ 
 (1) The carrying amounts of the senior term loan as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 were net of debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. 
 (2) The estimated fair value of our current senior term loan and revolving credit facility borrowings under the 2023 Credit Agreement, as defined in Note 3, was deemed to approximate the carrying value, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs, because the interest rate is variable with short reset periods and is reflective of the current market rate. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

months, some are never fully redeemed. We reduce the liability and recognize revenue for the unused portion of the gift cards ("breakage") under the proportional method, where recognition of breakage income is based upon the historical run-off rate of unredeemed gift cards. Our gift card deferred revenue liability was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. Breakage amounts were immaterial for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Disaggregated Revenues 
 Non-perishable (2) 
 Total net sales 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Perishable departments include dairy and deli; produce and floral; and fresh meat and seafood. 
 
 , a nd stores operated by IOs as of September 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. We have agreements in place with each IO. The IO orders merchandise exclusively from us which is provided to the IO on consignment. Under the Independent Operator Agreement (the "Operator Agreement"), the IO selects a majority of merchandise that we consign to the IO, which the IO chooses from our merchandise order guide according to the IO's knowledge and experience with local customer purchasing trends, preferences, historical sales and similar factors. The Operator Agreement gives the IO discretion to adjust our initial prices if the overall effect of all price changes at any time comports with the reputation of our Grocery Outlet retail stores for selling quality, name-brand consumables and fresh products and other merchandise at extreme discounts. The IO is required to furnish initial working capital and to acquire certain store and safety assets. The IO is also required to hire, train and employ a properly trained workforce sufficient in number to enable the IO to fulfill its obligations under the Operator Agreement. Additionally, the IO is responsible for expenses required for business operations, including all labor costs, utilities, credit card processing fees, supplies, taxes, fines, levies and other expenses. Either party may terminate the Operator Agreement without cause upon days' notice. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

billion and million for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and billion and billion for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. We, in turn, pay each IO a commission based on a share of the gross profit of the store. Inventories and related net sales proceeds are our property, and we are responsible for store rent and related occupancy costs. IO commissions are expensed and included in selling, general and administrative expenses. IO commissions were million and million for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. IO commissions of million and million were included in accrued and other current liabilities as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 An IO may fund its initial store investment from existing capital, a third-party loan or most commonly through a loan from us, as further discussed in Note 2. As collateral for IO obligations and performance, the Operator Agreement grants us the security interests in the assets owned by each IO related to the respective store. Since the total investment at risk associated with each IO is not sufficient to permit each IO to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, each IO is a VIE that we have a variable interest in. To determine if we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we evaluate whether we have (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the IO's economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the IO that could potentially be significant to the IO. Our evaluation includes identification of significant activities and an assessment of the IO's ability to direct those activities. 
 Activities that most significantly impact the IO's economic performance relate to sales and labor. Sales activities that significantly impact the IO's economic performance include determining what merchandise the IO will order and sell and the price of such merchandise, both of which the IO controls. The IO is also responsible for all of its own labor. Labor activities that significantly impact the IO's economic performance include hiring, training, supervising, directing, compensating (including wages, salaries and employee benefits) and terminating all of the employees of the IO, activities which the IO controls. Accordingly, the IO has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the IO's economic performance. Furthermore, the mutual termination rights associated with the Operator Agreement illustrate the lack of ultimate control over the IO. Therefore, we are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. 
 Our maximum exposure, in accordance with ASC Topic 810, to the IOs is generally limited to the IO notes and IO receivables due from these entities, which was million and million, gross, as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 2 for additional information. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 and . Accrued interest receivable on IO notes is included within the "independent operator receivables and current portion of independent operator notes, net of allowance" line item on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. There were IO notes that were past due or on a non-accrual status due to delinquency as of September 28, 2024 or December 30, 2023. Notes and receivables from our IOs participating in our Temporary Commission Adjustment Program ("TCAP"), as defined below, are not considered to be past due or on a non-accrual status due to delinquency and are excluded from such measures. 
 IO notes and IO receivables are financial assets which are measured and carried at amortized cost. An allowance for expected credit losses is deducted from (for expected losses) or added to (for expected recoveries) the amortized cost basis of these assets to arrive at the net carrying amount expected to be collected for such assets. 
 The allowance is estimated using an expected loss framework, which includes information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that impact the collectibility of the reported amounts of the assets over their lifetime. The allowance is evaluated on a collective basis for assets with shared risk characteristics and credit quality indicators. The primary shared risk characteristic and credit quality indicator pools that we use as a basis for collective evaluation include: 
 TCAP Includes the notes and receivables from IOs with stores that have been open for more than 18 months that are participating in our TCAP as of the end of each reporting period. TCAP allows us to provide a greater commission to participating IOs who require assistance in meeting their working capital needs for various reasons, such as new or increased competition or differences in IO skills and experience. 
 Non-TCAP Includes the notes and receivables from IOs with stores that have been open for more than 18 months that are not participating in TCAP as of the end of each reporting period. 
 New store Includes the notes and receivables from IOs with stores that have been open for less than 18 months as of the end of each reporting period, and may or may not be participating in TCAP. 
 Assets without such shared risk characteristics or credit quality indicators, such as assets with unique circumstances or with delinquencies and historical losses in excess of their TCAP, non-TCAP or new store peers are evaluated on an individual basis. 
 ) ) Independent operator receivables ) ) Total ) ) 
 Allowance Net 
 Gross Current Portion Long-term Portion Total 
 Current Portion Long-term Portion December 30, 2023 Independent operator notes ) ) Independent operator receivables ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Provision for IO notes and IO receivables reserves Write-off of uncollectible IO notes and IO receivables ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 Non-TCAP New store Total 
 TCAP IO Notes 
 Notes of IOs participating in our TCAP represented and of total IO note balances as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 A total of million of IO notes were added into our TCAP during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024. The weighted average contractual interest rate of such IO notes during that period was reduced from and, as of September 28, 2024, was . In addition, million of IO notes were transferred from TCAP to Non-TCAP during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024. 
 A total of million of IO notes were added into our TCAP during the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024. The weighted average contractual interest rate of such IO notes during that period was reduced from and, as of September 28, 2024, was . In addition, million of IO notes were transferred from TCAP to Non-TCAP during the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 Note 3. 
 Revolving credit facility Long-term debt, gross Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Long-term debt, less unamortized debt issuance costs Less: Current portion ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 2023 Credit Agreement 
 We are party to a credit agreement, dated February 21, 2023 (the "2023 Credit Agreement"), with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and a syndicate of lenders that consists of (i) a senior secured term loan facility (the "senior term loan") and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility" and, together with the senior term loan, the "credit facilities") in an aggregate principal amount of million. The revolving credit facility includes sub-commitments for million letters of credit and million of swingline loans. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

, (ii) the prime rate then in effect and (iii) a specified Term SOFR (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement) rate plus , subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein, plus an applicable margin ranging from to based on our Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement); and (b) an adjusted Term SOFR rate determined on the basis of a one, three or six month interest period, plus , subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein, plus an applicable margin ranging from to based on our Total Net Leverage Ratio. As of September 28, 2024, interest on borrowings under the credit facilities was based on one-month Term SOFR with an applicable margin of . 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement permits us to add incremental term loan facilities, increase any existing term loan facility, increase revolving commitments, and/or add incremental replacement revolving credit facility tranches. The aggregate principal amount of such incremental facilities are limited to (a) an amount not in excess of the sum of the greater of million and of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement), subject to certain limitations, plus (b) voluntary prepayments of any term loan facility, voluntary permanent reductions of the commitments for the revolving credit facility and voluntary prepayments of indebtedness secured by liens on the collateral securing the credit facilities, subject to certain exceptions, plus (c) an amount such that (assuming that the full amount of any such incremental revolving increase and/or incremental replacement revolving credit facility was drawn, and after giving effect to any appropriate pro forma adjustment events) we would be in compliance, on a pro forma basis (but excluding the cash proceeds of such incurrence), with a Total Net Leverage Ratio of to 1.00. 
 Our obligations under the 2023 Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by the Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. s direct and indirect wholly owned restricted subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the 2023 Credit Agreement, and the guarantee of such obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by substantially all of the Company s assets and those of each subsidiary guarantor. 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement requires us to make scheduled quarterly amortization payments on the senior term loan of million beginning June 2023 through March 2025, followed by million beginning June 2025 through December 2027, with the remaining balance due on February 21, 2028. We may voluntarily prepay the credit facilities, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty, subject to reimbursement of the lenders breakage and redeployment costs in applicable cases. 
 Senior Term Loan due 2028 
 The senior term loan under the 2023 Credit Agreement matures on February 21, 2028 and had an interest rate of as of September 28, 2024. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had million of outstanding letters of credit and million of remaining borrowing capacity available under the revolving credit facility, which matures on February 21, 2028. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility had interest rates ranging from to as of September 28, 2024. The aggregate outstanding principal balance under the revolving credit facility was million and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from to on the daily unused amount of the commitment under the revolving credit facility based upon our Total Net Leverage Ratio. We are also required to pay fronting fees and other customary fees for letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, subject to limitations and exceptions, and affirmative and customary covenants. The 2023 Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay junior debt and make certain investments; incur additional debt or issue certain disqualified stock and preferred stock; incur liens on assets; merge or consolidate with another company or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to the borrower. The 2023 Credit Agreement also contains financial performance covenants requiring us to satisfy a maximum total net leverage ratio test and a minimum interest coverage ratio test as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The maximum total net leverage ratio test requires us to be in compliance with a Total Net Leverage Ratio no greater than to 1.00 as of the last day of each test period ending prior to the test period ending on or about December 31, 2025, and no greater than to 1.00 as of the last day of each test period ending thereafter, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the 2023 Credit Agreement. The minimum interest coverage ratio test requires us to be in compliance with a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement) of no less than to 1.00 as of the last day of each test period. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts Interest on finance leases Other Interest income ) ) ) ) Capitalized interest ) ) Interest expense, net 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment and Modification 
 Write off of debt discounts Debt modification costs Loss on debt extinguishment and modification 
 
 Note 4. 
 million of our outstanding common stock utilizing a variety of methods including open-market purchases, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions, structured repurchase transactions and under a Rule 10b5-1 plan (which would permit shares to be repurchased when we might otherwise be precluded from doing so under securities laws). Any repurchased shares were constructively retired and returned to an unissued status. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Amount repurchased (1) 
 Average repurchase price per share 
 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Includes commissions for the shares repurchased for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and the 39 weeks ended September 30, 2023 and excludes excise tax due of million under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had million of repurchase authority remaining under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. Subsequent to September 28, 2024, we repurchased shares of common stock totaling million at an average price of per share in open-market transactions pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Board approved a new share repurchase program (the "2024 Share Repurchase Program"), replacing the Company s 2021 Share Repurchase Program, under which million remained available for repurchase. The 2024 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and authorizes us to repurchase up to million of our outstanding common stock (inclusive of fees and commissions) utilizing a variety of methods including open-market purchases, accelerated equity repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions, block trades and under a Rule 10b5-1 plan. Any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Exercised ) ) Forfeitures ) Options outstanding as of September 28, 2024 
 Options vested and exercisable as of September 28, 2024 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeitures ) Unvested balance as of September 28, 2024 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Granted (1) 
 Adjustment for expected performance achievement (2) 
 ) Vested ) Forfeitures ) Unvested balance as of September 28, 2024 (3) 
 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Represents initial grant of PSUs based on performance target level achievement of . 
 (2) Represents the year-to-date adjustment to previously granted PSUs based on performance expectations as of September 28, 2024. 
 PSUs could potentially be included if the maximum performance level of is reached for all PSUs outstanding as of September 28, 2024. 
 Share-based Compensation Expense 
 We recognize compensation expense for stock options, RSUs and PSUs by amortizing the grant date fair value on a straight-line basis over the expected vesting period to the extent we determine the vesting of the grant is probable. We recognize share-based award forfeitures in the period such forfeitures occur. 
 RSUs PSUs ) Dividends (1) 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Represents cash dividends paid upon vesting of share-based awards as a result of dividends declared in connection with a recapitalization that occurred in fiscal 2018. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Effective income tax rate 
 Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimated annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete events arising in each respective fiscal quarter. During each interim period, we update the estimated annual effective tax rate. Our effective income tax rate for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 was higher than the combined U.S. federal and state statutory income tax rate primarily due to non-deductible executive compensation under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m), partially offset by excess tax benefit related to the exercise of stock options. The increase in our effective income tax rate for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by lower excess tax benefits related to the exercise of stock options, nondeductible acquisition and integration costs related to the acquisition of United Grocery Outlet (as further discussed in Note 10), and lower pretax book income. 
 We had 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Note 7. 
 store locations and warehou se location from entities in which Eric Lindberg, Jr., Chairman of the Board, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, or his family, had a direct or indirect financial interest. As of September 28, 2024, the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to these pro perties were million and million , respectively. As of December 30, 2023, the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to these properties were million and million, respectively. These related parties received aggregate lease payments from u s of million and million for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, a nd million a nd million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Independent Operator Notes and Independent Operator Receivables 
 We offer interest-bearing notes to IOs and the gross amount of IO operating notes and IO receivables due was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 2 for additional information. 
 
 Note 8. 
 
 Note 9. 
 Denominator Weighted-average shares outstanding basic 
 Effect of dilutive options Effect of dilutive RSUs and PSUs (1) 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 
 Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 _______________________ 
 (1) We are required to include in diluted weighted-average shares outstanding contingently issuable shares that would be issued assuming the end of our reporting period was the end of the relevant PSU award contingency period. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

RSUs Total 

Note 10. 
 million, including million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, after post-closing adjustments, and was funded with cash on hand. 
 Holdings is the owner of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of The Bargain Barn, Inc., a Tennessee corporation doing business as United Grocery Outlet ("United Grocery Outlet"). United Grocery Outlet operated discount grocery stores across states in the southeastern United States as of April 1, 2024. The acquisition provides us with the opportunity to scale in a new region as well as a platform for future potential expansion in the Southeast. 
 We accounted for the acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that we allocate the purchase consideration to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their acquisition-date fair values. The fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities recorded on our condensed consolidated financial statements may be subject to adjustment pending completion of final valuation. These fair value estimates will be reevaluated and adjusted, if needed, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, and recorded as adjustments to goodwill. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Other accounts receivable Merchandise inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill 
 Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Trade accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Accrued compensation Current lease liabilities Income and other taxes payable Deferred income tax liabilities, net Long-term lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total net assets acquired 
 The goodwill recognized reflects the expected future benefits from certain synergies and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill will not be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 During the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024, we recogniz ed million i n acquisition and integration costs related to due diligence, legal, other consulting and retention bonus expenses. Such costs were included within selling, general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Pro forma results are not presented as the impact of this acquisition is not material to our condensed consolidated financial results. 
 
 Note 11. 
 million of our outstanding common stock (inclusive of fees and commissions). See Note 4 for additional information. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q" or report"), and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 ("2023 Form 10-K"). This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in other sections of this report. See "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in this report. 
 We operate on a fiscal year that ends on the Saturday closest to December 31st each year. Fiscal 2023 ended December 30, 2023. References to the third quarter of fiscal 2024 and the third quarter of fiscal 2023 refer to the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 As used in this report, references to "Grocery Outlet," "the Company," "the registrant," "we," "us" and "our," refer to Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a high-growth, extreme value retailer of quality, name-brand consumables and fresh products sold primarily through a network of independently operated stores. Our flexible buying model allows us to offer quality, name-brand opportunistic products at prices generally 40 to 70 below those of conventional retailers. Our stores are primarily run by entrepreneurial independent operators ("IOs") who create a neighborhood feel through personalized customer service and a localized product offering. As of September 28, 2024, we had 529 stores in California, Washington, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Idaho, Nevada, Maryland, North Carolina, New Jersey, Georgia, Ohio, Alabama, Delaware, Kentucky and Virginia. 
 Macroeconomic Conditions and Recent Developments 
 Over the past several years, and to a lesser extent recently, our business has been and continues to be impacted by macroeconomic conditions including supply chain and labor challenges, inflation and subsequent disinflation, and changes in consumer behavior, and our IOs have been impacted by staffing challenges and increased labor costs and utility costs within their businesses. Furthermore, planned construction and opening of new stores has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted due to both increased lead times to acquire materials, obtain permits and licenses, hook up utilities as well as higher construction and development related c osts. Additionally, during fiscal 2024 we have seen increases in promotional and pricing activities from key competitors, putting further pressure on our relative value. In turn, we have been actively negotiating costs and adjusting prices to sharpen our value proposition. The ext ent of the continuing impact of these factors on our operational and financial performance will depend on many factors, including certain factors outside of our control. 
 Our new store growth efforts for fiscal 2024 and beyond are focused on organic growth and new real estate opportunities that align with our long-term geographic expansion and store growth strategies. Complementary growth opportunities may include expanding strategic relationships with large property owners, evaluating acquisitions of opportunistic real estate that become available through consolidation in the retail sector, and exploring strategic regional acquisitions of operating businesses. On April 1, 2024, we acquired The Bargain Barn, Inc., a Tennessee corporation doing business as United Grocery Outlet United Grocery Outlet"), which included 40 stores in six adjacent states we did not operate in as of such date (Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Kentucky and Virginia) and a company-operated distribution center. Our near-term integration focus is expanding the assortment, investing in store refreshes and new fixtures and introducing some of our marketing programs to the Southeast region. In addition to the newly acquired United Grocery Outlet stores, we plan to open 27 stores in fiscal 2024, for a planned total of 66 net new stores in fiscal 2024. Excluding the United Grocery Outlet transaction, we opened 22 new stores and closed one store during the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024. 
 In late August 2023, we replaced components of our enterprise resource planning system, including our financial ledger, inventory management platform and product data warehouse system. The implementation of these system upgrades resulted in disruption to our business operations, including ordering and inventory disruptions, as well as payment processing, which adversely impacted our results of operations for the fiscal months of September through December of 2 023 as well as during the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024, as more fully described below in "Comparison of the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023." We have since improved the data visibility to help us manage and forecast the business and we continue to work to further improve visibility into additional operating data, increase speed and refine the tools that we and our independent operators use to manage the business. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

In the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we began to introduce our private label products in stores. In addition to providing better value and inventory consistency for our customers, our private label products are expected to deliver better margins for us and our IOs. We currently anticipate introducing over 150 new private-label SKUs by the end of fiscal 2024. 
 Key Factors and Measures We Use to Evaluate Our Business 
 We consider a variety of financial and operating measures in assessing the performance of our business. The key generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") financial measures we use are net sales, gross profit and gross margin, selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") and operating income. The key operational metrics and non-GAAP financial measures we use are number of new stores, comparable store sales, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. 
 Third Quarter of Fiscal 2024 Overview 
 Key financial and operating performance results for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2023 were as follows: 
 Net sales increased 10.4 to 1.11 billion from 1.00 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Comparable store sales increased by 1.2 , driven by a 2.0 increase in the number of transactions, partially offset by a 0.7 decrease in average transaction size. 
 We opened 5 new stores, ending the third quarter of fiscal 2024 with 529 stores in 16 states. 
 Gross ma rgin decreased by 30 basis points to 31.1 , compare d to gross margin of 31.4 in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 SG A increased by 9.5 to 304.6 million, or 27.5 of net sales. 
 Net income wa s 24.2 million, or 0.24 per diluted share, compared to net income of 27.1 million, or 0.27 per diluted share, in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA (1) increased 6.0 to 72.3 million co mpared to 68.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Adjusted net inco me (1) decreased 10.1 to 27.9 million, or 0.28 pe r adjusted diluted share (1) , compared to 31.0 million, or 0.31 per adjusted diluted share, in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the impact of certain special items. Please note that our non-GAAP financial measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the "Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section below for additional information about these items, including their definitions, how the non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors and how management utilizes them, and reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures and the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Net Sales 
 We recognize revenues from the sale of products at the point of sale, net of any taxes or deposits collected and remitted to governmental authorities. Discounts provided to customers by us are recognized at the time of sale as a reduction in net sales as the products are sold. Discounts that are funded solely by IOs are not recognized as a reduction in net sales as the IO bears the incidental costs arising from the discount. We do not accept manufacturer coupons. Net sales consist of net sales from comparable stores, described below under "Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Comparable Store Sales," and non-comparable stores. Growth of our net sales is generally driven by expansion of our store base in existing and new markets as well as comparable store sales growth. Net sales are impacted by the spending habits of our customers, customer perception of value in our offerings, product mix and supply, as well as promotional and competitive activities. Our ever-changing selection of offerings across diverse product categories supports growth in net sales by attracting new customers and encouraging repeat visits from our existing customers. The spending habits of our customers are affected by changes in macroeconomic conditions, governmental benefit programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and discretionary income. Our customers' discretionary income is impacted by wages, fuel and other cost-of-living increases including food-at-home inflation, as well as consumer trends and preferences, which fluctuate depending on the environment. Because we offer a broad selection of merchandise at extreme values, historically our business has benefited from periods of economic uncertainty. 
 Cost of Sales, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Cost of sales includes, among other things, merchandise costs, inventory markdowns, inventory losses, transportation costs and distribution and warehousing costs, including depreciation. Gross profit is equal to our net sales less our cost of sales. Gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of our net sales. Gross margin is a measure used by management to indicate whether we are selling merchandise at an appropriate gross profit. Gross margin is impacted by product mix and availability, as some products generally provide higher gross margins, and by our merchandise costs, which can vary. Gross margin is also impacted by the costs of distributing and transporting product to our stores, which can vary. Our gross profit is variable in nature and generally follows changes in net sales. While our disciplined buying approach has produced consistent gross margins throughout economic cycles, which we believe has helped to mitigate adverse impacts on gross profit and results of operations, changes in consumer demand as a result of macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary cost increases for goods, labor and transportation, supply chain constraints and changes in discretionary income, have resulted and could continue to result in higher variability to our gross margins. The components of our cost of sales, as well as our gross profit and gross margin, may not be comparable to the same or similar measures of our competitors and other retailers. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A are comprised of both store-related expenses and corporate expenses. Our store-related expenses include commissions paid to IOs, occupancy and our portion of maintenance costs, depreciation and amortization of store-related assets and the cost of opening new IO stores. Company-operated store-related expenses also include payroll, benefits, supplies and utilities. Corporate expenses include payroll and benefits for corporate and field support, share-based compensation, marketing and advertising, insurance and professional services, depreciation and amortization of corporate assets and operator recruiting and training costs. We continue to closely manage our expenses and monitor SG A as a percentage of net sales. SG A generally increases as we grow our store base and invest in our corporate infrastructure. SG A related to commissions paid to IOs are variable in nature and generally increase as gross profits rise and decrease as gross profits decline. We expect that our SG A will continue to increase in future periods as we continue to grow our net sales and gross profits. The components of our SG A may not be comparable to the components of similar measures of our competitors and other retailers. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income is gross profit less SG A. Operating income excludes interest expense, net, loss on debt extinguishment and modification and income tax expense. We use operating income as an indicator of the productivity of our business and our ability to manage expenses. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables summarize key components of our results of operations both in dollars and as a percentage of net sales (amounts in thousands, except for percentages): 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 1,108,183 1,003,913 3,273,647 2,979,635 Cost of sales 763,311 688,222 2,275,590 2,036,831 Gross profit 344,872 315,691 998,057 942,804 Selling, general and administrative expenses 304,586 278,134 931,103 835,948 Operating income 40,286 37,557 66,954 106,856 Other expenses: Interest expense, net 6,439 4,226 15,174 14,911 Loss on debt extinguishment and modification 5,340 Total other expenses 6,439 4,226 15,174 20,251 Income before income taxes 33,847 33,331 51,780 86,605 Income tax expense 9,669 6,191 14,626 21,274 Net income and comprehensive income 24,178 27,140 37,154 65,331 
 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Percentage of net sales (1) 
 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 68.9 68.6 69.5 68.4 Gross profit 31.1 31.4 30.5 31.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 27.5 27.7 28.4 28.1 Operating income 3.6 3.7 2.0 3.6 Other expenses: Interest expense, net 0.6 0.4 0.5 0.5 Loss on debt extinguishment and modification 0.2 Total other expenses 0.6 0.4 0.5 0.7 Income before income taxes 3.1 3.3 1.6 2.9 Income tax expense 0.9 0.6 0.4 0.7 Net income and comprehensive income 2.2 2.7 1.1 2.2 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Components may not sum to totals due to rounding. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Number of New Stores 
 The number of new stores reflects the number of stores opened or acquired during a particular reporting period. Newly opened stores require an initial capital investment from us for store build-outs, fixtures and equipment that we amortize over time as well as cash required for inventory and pre-opening expenses and typically the issuance of IO notes to support IO startup costs. Certain newly acquired stores may require refreshes and new fixtures. 
 We expect new store growth to be a very significant and critical driver of our net sales growth over the long term. We lease substantially all of our store locations. Our initial lease terms on stores are typically ten years with options to renew for two or three successive five-year periods. 
 Comparable Store Sales 
 We use comparable store sales as an operating metric to measure performance of a store during the current reporting period against the performance of the same store in the corresponding period of the previous year. Comparable store sales are impacted by the same factors that impact net sales. 
 Comparable store sales consists of net sales from our stores beginning on the first day of the fourteenth full fiscal month following a store's opening, which is when we believe comparability is achieved, or the thirteenth full fiscal month following a store's acquisition. Included in our comparable store definition are those stores that have been remodeled, expanded, or relocated in their existing location or respective trade areas. Excluded from our comparable store definition are those stores that have been temporarily closed for an extended period, those that have had their business materially disrupted for both planned projects as well as due to unforeseen circumstances, permanent store closures and dispositions. When applicable, as was the case with fiscal 2020 and will be the case with fiscal 2025, we exclude the net sales in the non-comparable week of a 53-week year from the same store sales calculation after comparing the current and prior year weekly periods that are most closely aligned. 
 Opening or acquiring new stores is a primary component of our growth strategy and, as we continue to execute on our growth strategy, we expect that a significant portion of our net sales growth will be attributable to non-comparable store net sales. Accordingly, comparable store sales is only one of many measur es we use to assess the success of our growth strategy. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share 
 EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures that are supplemental key metrics used by management and our Board of Directors to assess our financial performance. EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share are also frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate us and other companies in our industry. Management believes it is useful to investors and analysts to evaluate these non-GAAP measures on the same basis as management uses to evaluate our operating results. We use these non-GAAP measures to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. In addition, we use adjusted EBITDA to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate our performance in connection with compensation decisions. We believe that excluding items from operating income, net income and earnings per diluted share that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our core operating results, and that may vary in frequency or magnitude, enhances the comparability of our results and provides additional information for analyzing trends in our business. 
 We define EBITDA as net income before net interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expenses. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA adjusted to exclude share-based compensation expense, loss on debt extinguishment and modification, asset impairment and gain or loss on disposition, acquisition and integration costs, costs related to the amortization of inventory purchase accounting asset step-ups and certain other expenses that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our core operating results, and that may vary in frequency or magnitude. Adjusted net income represents net income adjusted for the previously mentioned adjusted EBITDA adjustments, further adjusted for the amortization of property and equipment purchase accounting asset step-ups and deferred financing costs, tax adjustment to normalize the effective tax rate, and tax effect of total adjustments. Basic adjusted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net income, as defined above, and basic weighted average shares outstanding. Diluted adjusted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net income, as defined above, and diluted weighted average shares outstanding. These non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similar measures reported by other companies and have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We address the limitations of the non-GAAP measures through the use of various GAAP measures. In the future, we will incur expenses or charges such as those added back to calculate adjusted EBITDA or adjusted net income. Our 
 25 

Table of Contents 

presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by the adjustments we have used to derive such non-GAAP measures. 
 The following table summarizes key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures for the periods presented (amounts in thousands, except for percentages and store counts): 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Other Financial and Operations Data 
 Number of new stores (1) 
 5 8 62 15 Number of stores open at end of period 529 455 529 455 Comparable store sales increase (2) 
 1.2 6.4 2.6 9.2 EBITDA (3) 
 68,101 59,443 146,203 165,197 Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 72,258 68,143 179,531 201,740 Adjusted net income (3) 
 27,853 30,989 61,757 89,932 
 _______________________ 
 (1) 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 includes addition of 40 stores from acquisition of United Grocery Outlet. 
 (2) Comparable store sales consist of net sales from our stores beginning on the first day of the fourteenth full fiscal month following the store's opening, which is when we believe comparability is achieved, or the thirteenth full fiscal month following the store's acquisition. 
 (3) See "GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations" section below for the applicable reconciliations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 The following tables provide a reconciliation from our GAAP net income to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, GAAP net income to adjusted net income, and our GAAP earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share for the periods presented (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income 24,178 27,140 37,154 65,331 Interest expense, net 6,439 4,226 15,174 14,911 Income tax expense 9,669 6,191 14,626 21,274 Depreciation and amortization expenses 27,815 21,886 79,249 63,681 EBITDA 68,101 59,443 146,203 165,197 Share-based compensation expenses (1) 
 1,663 7,535 16,806 25,516 Loss on debt extinguishment and modification (2) 
 5,340 Asset impairment and gain or loss on disposition (3) 
 216 117 961 460 Acquisition and integration costs (4) 
 760 8,346 Amortization of purchase accounting assets (5) 
 839 Other (6) 
 1,518 1,048 6,376 5,227 Adjusted EBITDA 72,258 68,143 179,531 201,740 
 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income 24,178 27,140 37,154 65,331 Share-based compensation expenses (1) 
 1,663 7,535 16,806 25,516 Loss on debt extinguishment and modification (2) 
 5,340 Asset impairment and gain or loss on disposition (3) 
 216 117 961 460 Acquisition and integration costs (4) 
 760 8,346 Amortization of purchase accounting assets and deferred financing costs (5) 
 1,389 1,424 4,939 4,415 Other (6) 
 1,518 1,048 6,376 5,227 Tax adjustment to normalize effective tax rate (7) 
 (600) (3,418) (1,308) (4,274) Tax effect of total adjustments (8) 
 (1,271) (2,857) (11,517) (12,083) Adjusted net income 27,853 30,989 61,757 89,932 GAAP earnings per share: 
 Basic 0.25 0.27 0.37 0.66 Diluted 0.24 0.27 0.37 0.65 Adjusted earnings per share: 
 Basic 0.28 0.31 0.62 0.91 Diluted 0.28 0.31 0.62 0.89 Weighted average shares outstanding: 
 Basic 98,359 99,108 99,140 98,514 Diluted 98,933 100,973 100,146 100,727 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Includes non-cash share-based compensation expense and cash dividends paid on vested share-based awards as a result of dividends declared in connection with a recapitalization that occurred in fiscal 2018. 
 (2) Represents the write-off of debt issuance costs and debt discounts as well as debt modification costs related to refinancing and/or repayment of our credit facilities. See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (3) Represents asset impairment charges and gains or losses on dispositions of assets. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

(4) Represents costs related to the acquisition and integration of United Grocery Outlet, including due diligence, legal, other consulting and retention bonus expenses. 
 (5) For purposes of determining adjusted EBITDA, this line represents the incremental amortization of inventory step-ups resulting from purchase price accounting related to acquisitions. For purposes of determining adjusted net income, in addition to the previously noted item, this line also represents the incremental amortization of an asset step-up resulting from purchase price accounting related to our acquisition in 2014 by an investment fund affiliated with Hellman Friedman LLC, as well as the amortization of debt issuance costs, as these items are already included in the adjusted EBITDA reconciliation within the depreciation and amortization expenses and interest income, net, respectively. 
 (6) Represents other non-recurring, non-cash or non-operational items, such as technology upgrade implementation costs, certain personnel-related costs, costs related to employer payroll taxes associated with equity awards, legal settlements and other legal expenses, store closing costs, strategic project costs and miscellaneous costs. 
 (7) Represents adjustments to normalize the effective tax rate for the impact of unusual or infrequent tax items that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing performance, including excess tax expenses or benefits related to stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") that are recorded in earnings as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. 
 (8) Represents the tax effect of the total adjustments. We calculate the tax effect of the total adjustments on a discrete basis excluding any non-recurring and unusual tax items. 
 Comparison of the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands, except percentages) 
 Net Sales 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,108,183 1,003,913 104,270 10.4 3,273,647 2,979,635 294,012 9.9 
 The increase in net sales for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same periods in fiscal 2023 was primarily attributable to an increase in comparable store sales as well as non-comparable store net sales growth primarily from the 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 months. 
 Comparable store sales increased 1.2 for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and 2.6 for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same periods in fiscal 2023. The increase in comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 was driven by a 2.0 increase in the number of transactions, partially offset by a 0.7 decrease in average transaction size. The increase in comparable store sales for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 was driven by a 4.6 increase in the number of transactions, partially offset by a 1.9 decrease in average transaction size. 
 Cost of Sales 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Cost of sales 763,311 688,222 75,089 10.9 2,275,590 2,036,831 238,759 11.7 of net sales 68.9 68.6 69.5 68.4 
 The increase in cost of sales for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily the result of an increase in comparable store sales combined with non-comparable net sales from 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 months. The increase in cost of sales for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily the result of an increase in comparable store sales combined with non-comparable net sales from 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 months, as well as impacts related to our system upgrades. 
 Cost as a percentage of net sales increased slightly for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023. Cost as a percentage of net sales increased for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 primarily due to inventory management impacts related to our system upgrades, as certain tools we used to manage the business on our legacy system took longer to rebuild, which impacted data visibility. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Gross profit 344,872 315,691 29,181 9.2 998,057 942,804 55,253 5.9 Gross margin 31.1 31.4 30.5 31.6 
 The increase in gross profit for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily the re sult of an increase in comparable store sales combined with non-comparable sales from 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 months. The increase in gross profit for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily the result of an increase in comparable store sales combined with non-comparable sales from 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 mo nths, partially offset by impacts related to our system upgrades. 
 Gross margin decreased slightly for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023. Gross margin decreased for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 primarily due to inventory management impacts related to our system upgrades, as certain tools we used to manage the business on our legacy system took longer to rebuild, which impacted data visibility. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change SG A 304,586 278,134 26,452 9.5 931,103 835,948 95,155 11.4 of net sales 27.5 27.7 28.4 28.1 
 The increase in SG A for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was driven by 26.5 million in higher store-related expenses while corporate-related expenses remained relatively flat. Store-related expenses primarily increased as a result of higher store occupancy costs due to 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 months, additional personnel costs from the Company-operated stores that were acquired in the United Grocery Outlet transaction, and the recognition of an e-commerce vendor receivable during the 13 weeks ended September 30, 2023. These increases were partially offset by lower commission payments to IOs primarily due to 7.2 million of incremental support we elected to provide our IOs in connection with our system upgrade during the 13 weeks ended September 30, 2023, while support was minimal during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024. Corporate-related expenses remained relatively flat and included lower incentive compensation expenses, partially offset by increases in other corporate-related expenses to support the continued growth of the business. 
 The increase in SG A for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was driven by 77.7 million in higher store-related expenses and 17.5 million in higher corporate-related expenses. Store-related expenses primarily increased as a result of higher commission payments to IOs, largely due to 33 net new stores operated by IOs over the last 12 months and an increase of 9.0 million period over period in incremental support we elected to provide to our IOs in connection with our system upgrades. Also contributing to the increase in SG A, were higher store occupancy costs due to 74 net new stores acquired or opened over the last 12 months, additional personnel costs from the Company-operated stores that were acquired in the United Grocery Outlet transaction, and the recognition of an e-commerce vendor receivable during the 39 weeks ended September 30, 2023. Corporate-related expenses increased largely due to increased professional service costs to support our system upgrades and support the continued growth of the business, United Grocery Outlet acquisition-related costs, and higher marketing expenses, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expenses. 
 As a percentage of net sales, SG A decreased slightly for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 and increased slightly for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same periods in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the aforementioned factors. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense, Net 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Interest expense, net 6,439 4,226 2,213 52.4 15,174 14,911 263 1.8 of net sales 0.6 0.4 0.5 0.5 
 The increase in net interest expense for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by higher average principal debt outstanding during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024, due largely to support share repurchases and other cash outlays to support the continued growth of the business, after the acquisition of United Grocery Outlet. 
 The increase in net interest expense for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by higher average principal debt outstanding during the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024, due largely to support share repurchases and other cash outlays to support the continued growth of the business, after the acquisition of United Grocery Outlet, partially offset by the capitalization of 1.0 million of interest for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024. 
 See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment and Modification 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Loss on debt extinguishment and modification 5,340 (5,340) (100.0) of net sales 0.2 
 During the 39 weeks ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a 5.3 million loss on debt extinguishment related to the payoff of 385.0 million of principal on the senior term loan outstanding under our prior credit facilities. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Income tax expense 9,669 6,191 3,478 56.2 14,626 21,274 (6,648) (31.2) of net sales 0.9 0.6 0.4 0.7 Effective income tax rate 
 28.6 18.6 28.2 24.6 
 The increase in income tax expense for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the increase in our effective income tax rate. 
 The decrease in income tax expense for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to lower pretax book income, partially offset by the increase in our effective income tax rate. 
 The increase in our effective income tax rate for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by lower excess tax benefits related to the exercise of stock options, non-deductible acquisition and integration costs related to the acquisition of United Grocery Outlet, and lower pretax book income. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Net Income 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Net income 24,178 27,140 (2,962) (10.9) 37,154 65,331 (28,177) (43.1) of net sales 2.2 2.7 1.1 2.2 
 As a result of the foregoing factors, net income decreased for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same periods in fiscal 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Adjusted EBITDA 72,258 68,143 4,115 6.0 179,531 201,740 (22,209) (11.0) 
 The increase in adjusted EBITDA for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the increase in gross profit, partially offset by the increase in SG A related expenses, as discussed above. 
 The decrease in adjusted EBITDA for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the increase in SG A related expenses, partially offset by the increase in gross profit, as discussed above. 
 Adjusted Net Income 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Adjusted net income 27,853 30,989 (3,136) (10.1) 61,757 89,932 (28,175) (31.3) 
 The decrease in adjusted net income for the 13 and 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same periods in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the increase in SG A related expenses, partially offset by the increase in gross profit, as discussed above. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Based on our current operations and new store growth plans, we expect to satisfy our short-term and long-term cash requirements through a combination of our existing cash and cash equivalents position, funds generated from operating activities, and the borrowing capacity available in the revolving credit facility under our credit agreement, dated February 21, 2023, with Bank of America, N.A. (the "2023 Credit Agreement"). If cash generated from our operations and borrowings under the revolving credit facility are not sufficient or available to meet our liquidity requirements, then we will be required to obtain additional equity or debt financing in the future. There can be no assurance that equity or debt financing will be available to us when we need it or, if available, the terms will be satisfactory to us and not dilutive to our then-current stockholders. Additionally, we may seek to take advantage of market opportunities to refinance our existing debt instruments with new debt instruments at interest rates, maturities and terms we deem attractive. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 68.7 million, which consisted primarily of cash held in checking and money market accounts with financial institutions. In addition, we have a revolving credit facility with 400.0 million in borrowing capacity under the 2023 Credit Agreement. As of September 28, 2024, we had 140.0 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility and 4.5 million of outstanding standby letters of credit, resulting in 255.5 million of remaining borrowing capacity available under this revolving credit facility. During the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024, 140.0 million was borrowed under this revolving credit facility to support share repurchases and other cash outlays to support the continued growth of the business, after the acquisition of United Grocery Outlet. In October 2024, we borrowed an additional 30.0 million of principal under the revolving credit facility primarily to support share repurchases. 
 The senior secured credit facilities of the 2023 Credit Agreement permit us to add incremental term loan facilities, increase any existing term loan facility, increase revolving commitments, and/or add incremental replacement revolving credit facility tranches. The aggregate principal amount of such incremental facilities are limited to (a) an amount not in excess of the sum of the greater of 200.0 million and 100 of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement), subject to certain limitations, plus (b) voluntary prepayments of any term loan facility, voluntary permanent reductions of the commitments for the revolving credit facility and voluntary prepayments of indebtedness secured by liens on the collateral securing the credit facilities, subject to certain exceptions, plus (c) an amount such that (assuming that the full amount of any such incremental revolving increase and/or incremental replacement revolving credit facility was drawn, and after giving effect to any appropriate pro forma adjustment events) we would be in compliance, on a pro forma basis (but excluding the cash proceeds of such incurrence), with a Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement) of 3.00 to 1.00. 
 We may also, from time to time, at our sole discretion, prepay or retire all or a portion of our outstanding debt. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Other than the information noted below, there has been no material change in our material cash requirements since the end of fiscal 2023. See our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures include purchases of capital assets such as property and equipment as well as intangible assets and licenses. Capital expenditures for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024, before the impact of tenant improvement allowances, were 140.8 million, and, net of tenant improvement allowances, were 124.9 million. We currently expect total capital expenditures, net of tenant improvement allowances, to be approximately 200.0 million for fiscal 2024, which includes new store growth, upgrades to our existing fleet including United Grocery Outlet store capital improvements, as well as ongoing investments in technology, supply chain and infrastructure. 
 Debt Obligations 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement requires us to make scheduled quarterly amortization payments of the senior term loan. Such payments total 46.9 million over the remaining term of the senior term loan, with 1.9 million payable over the remainder of fiscal 2024. The remaining senior term loan principal balance and any outstanding revolving credit facility balance will become due in February 2028 at maturity. See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition of United Grocery Outlet 
 On April 1, 2024, Grocery Outlet Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, acquired BBGO Acquisition, Inc., a holding company that owns all of the outstanding capital stock of The Bargain Barn Inc., which does business as United Grocery Outlet. The acquisition was completed for the total purchase consideration of 62.5 million, including 2.0 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, after post-closing adjustments, and was funded with cash on hand. See Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, subject to limitations and exceptions, and affirmative and customary covenants. The 2023 Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay junior debt and make certain investments; incur additional debt or issue certain disqualified stock and preferred stock; incur liens on assets; merge or consolidate with another company or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to the borrower. The 2023 Credit Agreement also contains financial performance covenants requiring us to satisfy a maximum total net leverage ratio test and a minimum interest coverage ratio test as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The maximum total net leverage ratio test requires us to be in compliance with a Total Net Leverage Ratio no greater than 3.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of each test period ending prior to the test period ending on or about December 31, 2025, and no greater than 3.25 to 1.00 as of the last day of each test period ending thereafter, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the 2023 Credit Agreement. The minimum interest coverage ratio test requires us to be in compliance with a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the 2023 Credit Agreement) of no less than 1.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of each test period. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenant requirements for the 2023 Credit Agreement. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (amounts in thousands, except percentages): 
 39 Weeks Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Net cash provided by operating activities 72,465 276,218 (203,753) (73.8) Net cash used in investing activities (205,678) (131,030) (74,648) 57.0 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 86,879 (92,253) 179,132 194.2 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (46,334) 52,935 (99,269) (187.5) 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 72.5 million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to 276.2 million for the same period in fiscal 2023. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities of 203.8 million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses combined with lower net income and changes in merchandise inventory levels. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 205.7 million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to 131.0 million for the same period in fiscal 2023. The increase in net cash used in investing activities of 74.6 million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the acquisition of United Grocery Outlet in April 2024 combined with increased spending on property and equipment due to higher store count and construction related to future stores. 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 86.9 million for the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 was primarily due to the borrowing of 140.0 million on our revolving credit facility under the 2023 Credit Agreement and 8.3 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by the repurchase of 56.4 million of our common stock and 3.8 million in scheduled principal payments on the senior term loan under the 2023 Credit Agreement. Net cash used in financing activities of 92.3 million for the 39 weeks ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the payoff of 385.0 million of principal on the prior senior term loan outstanding under our prior first lien credit facility, repayment of the 25.0 million of principal on our revolving credit facility, 4.5 million in debt issuance costs paid, 3.8 million in scheduled principal payments on the senior term loan under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the repurchase of 3.3 million worth of common stock, partially offset by 325.0 million in proceeds from the 2023 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and the applicable rules and regulations of the United States ("U.S.") Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for interim reporting. The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our judgments and estimates are based on historical experience and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. With respect to critical accounting policies, even a relatively minor variance between actual and expected results can potentially have a materially favorable or unfavorable impact on subsequent results of operations. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the 39 weeks ended September 28, 2024 from those disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our operating results are subject to market risk from interest rate fluctuations on our credit facilities, which bear variable interest rates. As of September 28, 2024, our outstanding borr owings included 290.6 million from the senior term loan and 140.0 million from the revolving credit facility under the 2023 Credit Agreement. As of September 28, 2024, the interest rate on these borrowings ranged from 7.60 to 7.70 (See Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information). Based on the outstanding balances and interest rates of the senior term loan and the revolving credit facility as of September 28, 2024, a hypothetical 10 relative increase or decrease in the interest rate would cause an increase or decrease in interest expense, excluding the capitalization of interest, of approximately 3.3 million over the next 12 months. 
 We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes, but this does not preclude our adoption of specific hedging strategies in the future. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we have experienced over the last several years varying levels of inflation and subsequent disinflation, resulting in part from various supply disruptions, increased shipping and transportation costs, increased commodity costs, increased labor costs in the supply chain, increased materials costs to develop new stores, increased SG A related to personnel, travel, and other operational costs and other disruptions caused by the recent macroeconomic environment. Similarly, our IOs have been impacted by staffing challenges and increased labor costs and utility costs within their businesses. Furthermore, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially impacted by inflation in the future. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 28, 2024 due to the ongoing material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting identified as of December 30, 2023. A "material weakness" is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Material Weakness and Remediation Plan 
 The identified material weakness in internal control over financial reporting relates to deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of certain information technology general computer controls ("ITGC's"). In particular, the replacement of components of our enterprise resource planning system in late August 2023 led to a significant increase in the volume of transactions across user access, program change management, and information technology ("IT") operations for which our existing controls for such matters were not designed to address. Further, certain of the Company's related business controls that are dependent upon the affected ITGC's were also deemed ineffective as of December 30, 2023. 
 We have taken, and continue to take, steps to remediate the control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness described above. Management continues to redesign controls and implement additional training for user access, program change management, and IT operations controls. Our remediation progress has also included hiring additional internal and external resources. We currently anticipate the corrective controls to be implemented during the fiscal year ending December 28, 2024. The remediation will thereafter be completed after management has concluded through testing that these controls have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time. 
 We did not identify any material misstatements to the condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 because of these control deficiencies. However, the pervasive impact of these control deficiencies to the Company's internal control over financial reporting creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the condensed consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 For further information regarding the identified material weakness, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and Part II, Item 9A. "Controls and Procedures" in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 On April 1, 2024, Grocery Outlet Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, acquired BBGO Acquisition, Inc., a holding company that owns all of the outstanding capital stock of The Bargain Barn Inc., which does business as United Grocery Outlet (See Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information). We are currently integrating United Grocery Outlet into our internal control framework and processes and, pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission's guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of an assessment in the year of acquisition, the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024 will not include United Grocery Outlet. 
 Other than the remediation efforts and changes identified above, during the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 , there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are party to claims, proceedings and litigation that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management believes that we do not have any pending litigation that, separately or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Further, no material legal proceedings were terminated, settled or otherwise resolved during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024. 
 SEC regulations require us to disclose information about certain environmental proceedings if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to SEC regulations, we use a threshold of 1.0 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K under the heading "Risk Factors," any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause our actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since the 2023 Form 10-K, other than as set forth below. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 Our success depends in part on our executive officers and other key personnel. 
 We believe that our success depends to a significant extent on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. Due to the uniqueness of our model, the unexpected loss of services of any of our executive officers or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. In March 2024, our then Chief Financial Officer departed to pursue another opportunity and we have not yet been able to secure a permanent replacement. In late October 2024, our President and Chief Executive Officer stepped down and our Chairman of the Board of Directors was appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. We have engaged a search firm to identify candidates to serve in these roles. There can be no assurance that our executive search process or succession planning for other officer roles, retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Competition for skilled and experienced management in our industry is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We do not maintain key person insurance on any of our key personnel. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table sets forth information on our share repurchase program activity of our common stock for the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 June 30, 2024 - July 27, 2024 1,164,423 21.50 1,164,423 34,431 July 28, 2024 - August 24, 2024 34,431 August 25, 2024 - September 28, 2024 34,431 Total third quarter of fiscal 2024 1,164,423 21.50 1,164,423 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Includes commissions for the shares of our common stock repurchased under our first share repurchase program adopted in 2021 (the "2021 Share Repurchase Program"). 
 (2) In November 2021, our Board of Directors approved the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. This program, effective November 5, 2021 and without an expiration date, authorized us to repurchase, from time to time and at prices the Company deems appropriate, up to 100.0 million of our outstanding common stock utilizing a variety of methods including open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions, structured repurchase transactions and repurchases under a Rule 10b5-1 plan (which would permit shares to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under securities laws). In addition to the Company's discretion, such repurchases were subject to, among other things, market conditions, applicable legal requirements and debt covenants. The shares purchased were made in open-market transactions pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans and Arrangements - Directors and Section 16 Officers 
 by our directors or Officers (as such term is defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act) during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024. No such plans were during the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024. 
 Name and Position Date of Adoption of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Date of Termination of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan 
 Scheduled Expiration of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan 
 Aggregate Number of Securities to be Purchased or Sold 
 
 (1) 
 3/4/2024 11/25/2024 Up to shares of our common stock upon the exercise of stock options (2) 
 
 _______________________ 
 (1) As disclosed in Note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements, on October 29, 2024, Mr. Sheedy stepped down from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer, and resigned as a director. 
 (2) The stock options included in Mr. Sheedy's 10b5-1 plan have an expiration date of November 25, 2024. 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 During the 13 weeks ended September 28, 2024, no "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" (as defined in Item 408(c) of SEC Regulation S-K) were , modified or by our directors or Officers. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. 
 8-K 001-38950 6/10/2022 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. 
 8-K 001-38950 4/8/2022 3.1 10.1 Amendment to Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2024, by and between Charles C. Bracher and Grocery Outlet Inc. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included as Exhibit 101. 
 ____________________________________ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Lindsay E. Gray Lindsay E. Gray Interim Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Accounting (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 41 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 go2024q3exhibit101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDMENT TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of September 1, 2024, is entered into by and between Charles C. Bracher Consultant and Grocery Outlet Inc., a California corporation (the Company ). 
 WHEREAS, Consultant and the Company are parties to a Consulting Agreement dated as of March 1, 2024, pursuant to which Consultant is providing consulting services to the Company 
 WHEREAS, both parties desire to amend and extend the Agreement in certain respects as set forth in this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Defined Terms . Initial capitalized terms herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. 
 2. Extension of Consulting Term . The Consulting Term is hereby extended to a term ending on December 15, 2024. 
 3. Consulting Fee . From September 1, 2024 through the end of the Consulting Term, as consideration for the Consulting Services, the Company shall pay Consultant at the rate of 500 per hour for any services performed. Consultant shall invoice the Company monthly in arrears and payment shall be due within sixty (60) days of the Company s receipt of invoice. It is acknowledged and understood that effective as of September 1, 2024, all Consulting Services shall be performed pursuant to the hourly fee arrangement described in this section and there shall be no monthly fixed fee for the Consulting Services. 
 4. All Other Terms in Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Any reference in the Agreement or this Amendment to the Agreement shall from and after the date hereof be deemed a reference to the Agreement as modified by this Amendment. 
 
 Signatures to Appear on the Following Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 

GROCERY OUTLET INC. 
 
 By s Robert J. Sheedy, Jr. 
 By Robert J. Sheedy, Jr. Title President and CEO 

CHARLES C. BRACHER 
 
 By s Charles C. Bracher 
 Charles C. Bracher 
 1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 go2024q3exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eric J. Lindberg, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Eric J. Lindberg, Jr. Eric J. Lindberg, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 go2024q3exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lindsay E. Gray, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Lindsay E. Gray Lindsay E. Gray Interim Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Accounting (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 go2024q3exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric J. Lindberg, Jr., certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Eric J. Lindberg, Jr. Eric J. Lindberg, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 go2024q3exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lindsay E. Gray , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Lindsay E. Gray Lindsay E. Gray Interim Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Accounting (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 go-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 go-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 go-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 go-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 go-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

