<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1866838_0001213900-24-097613.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4017049</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101958</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>902956</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>822241</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>968297</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1147524</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097613.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113172444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097613
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inception Growth Acquisition Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866838
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				862648456
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41134
		FILM NUMBER:		241455776

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315-636-6638

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097613.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0220631-10q_inception.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, 0.0001 par value, one-half (1/2) of one redeemable warrant and one right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of a share of common stock The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

As of October 2, 2024, there were shares
of common stock of the Registrant, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Control and Procedures 
 26 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 29 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 29 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 29 

SIGNATURES 
 30 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Cash and investments held in trust account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Note payable related party 

Amount due to a related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 -
 
 -

Temporary equity: 

Common stock, subject to possible redemption: and shares (at redemption value of and per share, respectively) 

Shareholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 1,264,184 and 2,950,891 shares, subject to possible redemption, respectively) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

1 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Formation, general and administrative expense 

Non-redemption agreement expenses 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other income: 

Dividend income 

Total other income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Benefit from income taxes (expense) 

NET INCOME 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock not subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock not subject to possible redemption 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

2 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Total 

Common stock 
 Accumulated 
 shareholders 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net income 
 - 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Total 

Common stock 
 Accumulated 
 shareholders 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Contribution - non-redemption agreement 
 - 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net income 
 - 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

3 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities 

Interest income and dividend income earned in cash and investment held in Trust Account 

Non-redemption agreement expense 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses 

(Decrease) increase in accrued liabilities 

(Decrease) increase in income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection to redemption 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account 
 -

Extension payments deposited in Trust Account 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Redemption of common stock 

Proceed from promissory note related party 
 
 -

Advance from a related party 

Net cash used in financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Reconciliation to amounts on unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash 

Cash in escrow 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

ordinary units (the Public Units ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of Public Units, at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of which
is described in Note 4. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of per
warrant in a private placement to Soul Venture Partners LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which
is described in Note 5. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

Trust Account 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and exercise of the over-allotment option on December 13, 2021, the aggregate amount of per Public
Unit) held in Trust Account will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund
meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described
below, except that interest earned on the Trust Account can be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. 

Business Combination 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Warrants, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide
that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 
of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned)
at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. 

5 

upon such consummation of
a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of
the Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 
or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and the
Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in
a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account per Public Share) in the event that the Sponsor
elects to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination (see below), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to
stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter
(as discussed in Note 9). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s
rights or warrants. The common stock will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity ASC 480 ). 

The Sponsor and any of the Company s officers
or directors that may hold Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6) (the stockholders and the underwriters will agree (a)
to vote their Founder Shares, the common stock included in the Private Units and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business
Combination unless the Company provides dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction
with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company
does not seek stockholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association relating to stockholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Founder Shares and
Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However,
the stockholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

On March
3, 2023, the Company and Sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements Non-Redemption Agreement with unaffiliated third
parties in exchange for such third party agreeing not to redeem an aggregate of shares of the Company s common
stock sold in its Initial Public Offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders
called by the Company and held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment
to the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend
the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to
the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s Initial Public Offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments
not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares
of the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting.
The Company has waived the transfer restrictions set forth in the Letter Agreement dated December 8, 2021, between the Company and Sponsor
(the Letter Agreement ), regarding the transfers of the shares contemplated by the Non-Redemption Agreement. Pursuant to
the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments,
LLC EF Hutton ). EF Hutton has consented in writing to waive the transfer restrictions set forth in Sections 15 and 18 of
the Letter Agreement in connection to the transfers of the shares contemplated by the Non-Redemption Agreements. 

6 

shares of the Common Stock sold in its Initial Public Offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company and held on March
13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management
trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its
initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the Trust Account established in connection
with the Company s Initial Public Offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the
Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

On March
7, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into additional Non-Redemption Agreements with certain unaffiliated third parties in exchange
for such parties agreeing not to redeem an aggregate of shares of the common stock sold in its Initial Public Offerings Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, the Trust Amendment Proposal to
extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment
to the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s Initial Public Offering. ). In exchange for the foregoing
commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares
of the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

On March
8, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into Non-Redemption Agreement with certain unaffiliated third parties in exchange for such
third parties agreeing not to redeem an aggregate of shares of the Common Stock sold in its Initial Public Offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company and held on March
13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management
trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its
initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the Trust Account established in connection
with the Company s Initial Public Offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the
Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

On March 13, 2023, in connection with the stockholders
vote at the Annual Meeting, shares were redeemed by certain shareholders at a price of approximately per
share, including interest generated and extension payments deposited in the Trust Account, in an aggregate amount of . The
amount was paid on April 4, 2023. 

On March 13, 2023, the Company entered into an
amendment to the investment management trust agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing to extend the time
available for us to consummate an initial business combination for an additional six (6) months from March 13, 2023 to September 13, 2023
without having to make any extension payment. On March 13, 2023, the Company decided to extend the available time to complete a business
combination for an additional six (6) months from March 13, 2023 to September 13, 2023. Public stockholders were not offered the opportunity
to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. 

On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into a binding
letter of intent LOI for a business combination with AgileAlgo Pte Ltd. AgileAlgo ). AgileAlgo is a maker
of enterprise-grade natural language code generator for machine-learning and data management platforms. Porche Capital Ltd is acting as
AgileAlgo s business advisor in the proposed business combination. Under the terms of the LOI, the Company and AgileAlgo would become
a combined entity, with AgileAlgo s existing equity holders rolling of their equity into the combined public company. 

On June 13, 2023, shares of
common stock were transferred by the Sponsor in connection with the Non-Redemption Agreements. The Company performed a valuation of the
shares of common stock the Sponsor agreed to transfer to the non-redeeming third parties and determined the shares had a value of . 

On September 8, 2023, the Company filed an amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Charter Amendment ), giving the Company the right to extend the
date by which it has to complete a business combination up to June 13, 2024. 

7 

and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to multiplied
by the number of common stock issued in the IPO. 

On each of September 8, 2023, October 8, 2023,
November 1, 2023, November 29, 2023, January 4, 2024, February 5, 2024, February 27, 2024, April 3, 2024 and May 6, 2024 the Company deposited
 into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until June
13, 2024. 

On September 8, 2023, in connection with the stockholders
vote at the Annual Meeting, shares were redeemed by certain shareholders at a price of approximately per
share, including interest generated and extension payments deposited in the Trust Account, in an aggregate amount of . The
amount was fully settled on October 3, 2023. 

On September 12, 2023, the Company entered into
that certain business combination agreement Business Combination Agreement with IGTA Merger Sub Limited Purchaser ),
AgileAlgo Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company AgileAlgo Holdings ), and certain shareholders of
AgileAlgo (the Signing Sellers ), and which agreement may also be thereafter executed by each of the other shareholders of
AgileAlgo Holdings (together with the Signing Sellers, the Sellers in one or more joinder agreements, (collectively, the
 Joinder Agreements (such agreement together with the Joinder Agreements, as it may be amended from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement ), which provides for a business combination between the Company and AgileAlgo Holdings (the Business
Combination ). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination will be effected in two steps: (i) first
the Company will merge with and into Purchaser, with Purchaser remaining as the surviving publicly traded entity and a British Virgin
Islands business company (the Redomestication Merger and (ii) immediately after the Redomestication Merger, the Sellers
will exchange their ordinary shares of AgileAlgo Holdings for ordinary shares of Purchaser. Upon the Redomestication Merger becoming effective,
Purchaser shall pay an aggregate consideration of (the Merger Consideration to AgileAlgo Holdings 
shareholders, which shall be issued and divided into per Ordinary Share of Purchaser (the Merger Consideration Shares ). 

Twelve and one-half percent of the Merger
Consideration Shares otherwise to be delivered to the Sellers at the Closing (which would be two million ) shares valued at
Twenty Million U.S. Dollars if of the Company shareholders become Sellers under the Business Combination Agreement)
(together with earnings thereon, the Earnout Shares will be set aside in escrow and held by a third-party escrow agent
at the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), subject to vesting and forfeiture if the consolidated gross revenues
of Purchaser and its subsidiaries during the three (3) fiscal quarter period beginning on October 1, 2024 (the Revenues do not equal or exceed Fifteen Million U.S. Dollars ), based on a sliding scale where all of such Earnout Shares will be forfeited
by the Sellers if the Revenues do not exceed Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ). Purchaser will cancel any Earnout
Shares that are forfeited by the Sellers. The Sellers will have all voting rights in respect to the Earnout Shares while they are held
in escrow, but dividend, distributions and other earnings on the Earnout Shares while the Earnout Shares are held in escrow will be retained
in the escrow account and distributed either to the Sellers or Purchaser along with the underlying Earnout Shares. 

On June 4, 2024 the Company entered into an amendment
(the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, as amended on March 13, 2023 and September 8, 2023,
by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, to provide the Company with the discretion to extend the
date on which to commence liquidating the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering (the
 IPO by six (6) times for an additional one month each time from June 13, 2024 to December 13, 2024 by depositing into
the trust account the lesser of (i) and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to multiplied by the number of common stock issued
in the IPO (each, a Public Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension. On each of June 6, 2024, July
8, 2024 and August 1, 2024 the Company deposited into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of time it has available
to complete a business combination until September 13, 2024. 

On June 4, 2024, in connection with the stockholders
vote at the Annual Meeting, shares were redeemed by certain shareholders at a price of approximately per
share, including interest generated and extension payments deposited in the Trust Account, in an aggregate amount of . 

On June 20, 2024, the parties to the Business
Combination Agreement entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment No.1 ).
The Amendment No.1 serves to amend the Business Combination Agreement to extend the Outside Closing Date (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement) to November 30, 2024. 

8 

(the Pre-Paid Advance ), which shall be evidenced by convertible promissory notes. 

On October 22, 2024, the Company and
Purchaser entered into a Loan Conversion Agreement (the Sponsor Loan Conversion Agreement with Soul Venture Partners
LLC (the Sponsor ), the sponsor in the Company s initial public offering (the IPO ), pursuant to
which (i) all loans provided by the Sponsor to the Company to cover various expenses related to the Company s IPO and business
combination efforts (some of which were evidenced by certain promissory notes), and (ii) the aggregate amount owed by the Company to
the Sponsor (i.e. monthly fee of for administrative services provided from the IPO to the closing of the Business
Combination (the Closing ), shall automatically convert into an aggregate of PubCo Ordinary Shares (the
 Conversion Shares upon the Closing. 

On October 22, 2024, the Company, Purchaser and
AgileAlgo Holdings entered into an agreement for satisfaction and discharge of indebtedness (the Discharge Agreement with
EF Hutton LLC (f/k/a EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC) EF Hutton ), the underwriter of the IPO. Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement in relation to the IPO, upon the completion of the Business Combination, EF Hutton is entitled to a deferred
underwriting commission Deferred Commission ), which is the greater of or of the remaining cash in
IGTA s Trust Account, capped at . Now under the Discharge Agreement, instead of receiving the full Deferred Commission
in cash at the Closing, EF Hutton will accept (i) PubCo Ordinary Shares (the EF Hutton Shares ), valued at
 , to be issued on or before Closing, and (ii) a promissory note to be issued by Merger Sub for (the EF Hutton
Note ). 

Liquidation 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable
and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal
dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable
law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with
the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit ). 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below
(i) per share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the
Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity and going concern 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash
balance of and working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of its acquisition plans. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will not have sufficient cash to meet its needs to
execute its intended initial Business Combination in the next twelve months from the date of the issuance of the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

9 

and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to multiplied by the number of common stock issued in the IPO, on or prior to
the date of the applicable deadline. On each of September 8, 2023, October 5, 2023, November 1, 2023, November 29, 2023, January 4, 2024,
February 5, 2024, February 27 2024, April 3, 2024, May 6, 2024, the Company has deposited in an amount of into the Trust
Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until June 13, 2024. On each of June 6, 2024,
July 8, 2024, August 1, 2024, September 5, 2024, October 2, 2024 and November 12, 2024, the Company has deposited in an amount of into
the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until December 13, 2024. If Company
is unable to consummate the Company s initial business combination by December 13, 2024 (unless further extended), the Company will,
as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the Company s outstanding public shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in
the Trust Account and not necessary to pay taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, the Company may not be able to distribute
such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. In
the event of dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire and will be worthless. 

Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain
additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for twelve
months following the date these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

10 

11 

and shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

12 

and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rate was and for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

excise tax on public
company stock buybacks. The company is assessing the potential impact of the Act. 

13 

excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022. The total
taxable value of shares repurchased is reduced by the fair market value of newly issued shares during the taxable year. Redemption rights
are ubiquitous to nearly all SPACs. Shareholders have the ability to require the SPAC to repurchase their shares prior to the merger in
what is known as a redemption right, essentially getting their money back. There are two possible scenarios in which redemption rights
come into play. First, they can be exercised by the shareholders themselves because they are exiting the transaction, or second, they
can be triggered because the SPAC did not find a target with which to merge. There will certainly need to be more clarity from the Internal
Revenue Service on the application of the excise tax to SPAC redemptions. Until there is further guidance from the IRS, the Company will
continue to assess the potential impact of the IR Act. For the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, the Company has incurred and , respectively. No such expenses incurred for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

shares in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise
of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and the Company
did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and
then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for
the periods presented. 

-

-

Total expenses 

Total allocation to redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

- 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total allocation to redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share 

() 

() 
 
 Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

() 

() 

14 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Public
Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of common stock, one-half (1/2) of redeemable
warrant Public Warrant and right Public Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of
common stock. Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of common stock at an exercise price of per
whole share. 

All of (including over-allotment
shares) Public Shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such
Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain
amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation.
In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,
redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stocks subject to redemption to be classified outside
of permanent equity. 

The Company s redeemable common stock is
subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable
that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the
period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the
earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying
amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes
immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of
retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated Public Rights 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - 2022 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - 2023 

Share redemption - 2023 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value in the quarter of 2024 

Share redemption - 2024 

Common stock subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 

15 

Warrants at a price of per
Warrant, in the aggregate), in each case, in a private warrant that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering (the Private Warrants ). Each Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of common
stock at a price of per whole share. The Private Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. The proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Warrants will
expire worthless. 

founder shares to the initial shareholder for an aggregate purchase price of . 

On December 13, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of representative shares to the underwriter. 

Advance from a Related Party 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had a temporary advance of and from the Sponsor, respectively. The balance is unsecured, interest-free and
has no fixed terms of repayment. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company is obligated, commencing from March
4, 2021, to pay Soul Venture Partners LLC a monthly fee of for general and administrative services. This agreement will terminate
upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or the liquidation of the trust account to public shareholders. As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unpaid balance was and , respectively, which included in amount due to related
party balance, respectively. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On November 17, 2023, January 24, 2024, March
1, 2024, April 26, 2024 and September 30, 2024, the Company issued four unsecured promissory notes (the Notes in an amount
of , , , and to the Sponsor, respectively. These Notes do not bear interest and mature
upon the closing of a business combination by the Company. In the event that the Company does not complete an initial business combination
by December 13, 2024 (as such deadline may be further extended), the Note shall be deemed to be terminated and no amounts will thereafter
be due from the Company to the Sponsor under the Note. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Sponsor advanced the Company an aggregate amount of and , respectively. 

Related Party Extensions Loan 

The Company initially had 15 months from the consummation
of this offering to consummate the initial business combination. On September 8, 2023 at a special meeting of stockholders, the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment of the Company s certificate of incorporation and a further amendment to the trust agreement
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, such that the Company has the right to extend the date by
which it has to consummate a business combination by nine times for an additional one (1) month each time from September 13, 2023 to June
13, 2024 by depositing into the trust account the lesser of (i) and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to multiplied by the
number of Public Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension. On each of September 8, 2023, October 5, 2023, November 1,
2023, November 29, 2023, January 4, 2024, February 5, 2024, February 27, 2024, April 3, 2024 and May 6, 2024, the Company has
deposited in an amount of into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination
until June 13, 2024. 

16 

and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to multiplied by the number of common stock issued in the IPO (each, a Public
Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension. 

On each of June 6, 2024, July 8, 2024, August
1, 2024, September 5, 2024, October 2, 2024 and November 12, 2024, the Company has deposited in an amount of into the Trust Account in order to
extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until December 13, 2024. 

Non-redemption Agreements 

The Sponsor entered into Non-Redemption Agreements
with various stockholders of the Company (the Non-Redeeming Stockholders ), pursuant to which these stockholders agreed not
to redeem a portion of their shares of Company common stock (the Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the Special Meeting
held on March 13, 2023, but such stockholders retained their right to require the Company to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares in connection
with the closing of the Business Combination. The Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Stockholders an aggregate of the
Founder Shares held by the Sponsor immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Company estimated the
aggregate fair value of such Founder Shares transferrable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders pursuant to the Non-Redemption
Agreement to be or per share. The fair value was determined using the probability of a successful Business Combination
of , a discount for lack or marketability of , and the average value per shares as of the valuation date of derived
from an option pricing model for publicly traded warrants. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic
interest in such Founder Shares. The excess of the fair value of such Founder Shares was determined to be a cost associated with completing
a Business Combination and a capital contribution from a related entity under SAB Topic 5T. On June 13, 2023, shares
of common stock were transferred by the Sponsor in connection with the Non-Redemption Agreements. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business
Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise,
the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such
Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital
Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to
 of such Working Capital Loans may be converted into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per
warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. No Working Capital Loans were issued or outstanding as of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

shares of common stock at par value . Holders of the Company s common stocks are entitled to vote for each share. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, shares of common stocks were issued and outstanding, excluding and 
shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares
held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination
as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering.
If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock
will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert its rights in order to receive 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares issuable
upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

17 

business days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not
available, the holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire 
after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company may call the warrants for redemption
(excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: 

at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share, for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The Private Warrants will be identical to the
Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the common stock
issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business
Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will
be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held
by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and
exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Warrants do not allow for transfer to non-permitted transferees. 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted
in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger
or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the
Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

18 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

19 

into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until November 13, 2024. 

On October 1, 2024, the Company, AgileAlgo Holdings
and Purchaser entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the SEPA with YA II PN, Ltd. (the Investor ).
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the SEPA, the Investor shall advance to the Company the principal amount of
 (the Pre-Paid Advance ), which shall be evidenced by convertible promissory notes. 

On October 22, 2024, the Company and
Purchaser entered into a Loan Conversion Agreement (the Sponsor Loan Conversion Agreement with Soul Venture Partners
LLC (the Sponsor ), the sponsor in the Company s initial public offering (the IPO ), pursuant to
which (i) all loans provided by the Sponsor to the Company to cover various expenses related to the Company s IPO and business
combination efforts (some of which were evidenced by certain promissory notes), and (ii) the aggregate amount owed by the Company to
the Sponsor (i.e. monthly fee of for administrative services provided from the IPO to the closing of the Business
Combination (the Closing ), shall automatically convert into an aggregate of PubCo Ordinary Shares (the
 Conversion Shares upon the Closing. 

On October 22, 2024, the Company, Purchaser and
AgileAlgo Holdings entered into an agreement for satisfaction and discharge of indebtedness (the Discharge Agreement with
EF Hutton LLC (f/k/a EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC) EF Hutton ), the underwriter of the IPO. Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement in relation to the IPO, upon the completion of the Business Combination, EF Hutton is entitled to a deferred
underwriting commission Deferred Commission ), which is the greater of or of the remaining cash in
IGTA s Trust Account, capped at . Now under the Discharge Agreement, instead of receiving the full Deferred Commission
in cash at the Closing, EF Hutton will accept (i) PubCo Ordinary Shares (the EF Hutton Shares ), valued at
 , to be issued on or before Closing, and (ii) a promissory note to be issued by Merger Sub for (the EF Hutton
Note ). 

On November 12, 2024, the Company deposited 
into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until December 13, 2024. 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Inception Growth Acquisition
Limited. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, references
to the Sponsor refer to Soul Venture Partners LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation,
statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently
available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and
results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s
registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s
securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 4, 2021 and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to
effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the Private Warrants,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We presently have no revenue,
have had losses since inception from incurring formation costs and have had no operations other than the active solicitation of a target
business with which to complete a business combination. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from our officers and
directors to fund our operations. 

On December 13, 2021, we
consummated our initial public offering IPO of 9,000,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of
one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), one-half of one redeemable warrant
(the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share,
and one right (the Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation of an initial business
combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of 90,000,000. On
December 9, 2021, the underwriters of the IPO fully exercised their over-allotment option, and the closing and sale of an additional 1,350,000
Units (the Over-Allotment Units occurred on December 13, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units
at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 13,500,000. 

21 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO and the sale of the over-allotment units on December 13, 2021, the Company consummated the private placement Private
Placement with the Sponsor of 4,721,250 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant,
generating total proceeds of 4,721,250. These securities (other than our IPO securities) were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. 

The Private Warrants are
identical to the warrants sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise thereof are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, in each case so long as they
continue to be held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell
any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until
30 days after the Company completes its initial business combination. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial business combination and the Private Placement,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from
inception up to December 13, 2021 was in preparation for the initial public offering. Since the initial public offering, our activity
has been limited to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the
closing and completion of our initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to
increase substantially after this period. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 we had a net income of 262,934 which was comprised of general and administrative expenses, dividend income and interest
income. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023 we had a net income of 317,367 which was comprised of general and administrative expenses, dividend income and interest
income. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 we had a net income of 814 which was comprised of general and administrative expenses, dividend income and interest
income. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023 we had a net income of 62,302, which was comprised of general and administrative expenses and dividend income. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 we generated net cash used in operating activities of 837,438, which was comprised of net income of 262,934, interest
income and dividend income earned in cash and investments held in trust account of 985,835 change in prepaid expenses of 20,250, change
of accrued liabilities of 17,455 and change in income tax payable of 76,832. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023 we generated net cash used in operating activities of 814,563, which was comprised of net income of 317,367, interest
income and dividend income earned in cash and investments held in trust account of 2,313,587, non-redemption agreement expense of 452,026,
change in prepaid expenses of 144,405, change of accrued liabilities of 109,958 and change in income tax payable of 475,268. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash of 11,295. Until the consummation of the initial public offering, the only source of liquidity was an initial purchase
of common stock by our Sponsor, monies loaned by the Sponsor under a certain unsecured promissory note and advances from our Sponsor. 

On December 13, 2021, we
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 10,350,000 units (the Public Units ), which includes the full exercise by the
underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 1,350,000 Public Units, at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 103,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,721,250 Warrants (the Private
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement to Soul Venture Partners LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of 4,721,250. 

Transaction costs amounted
to 4,832,697, consisting of 1,811,250 of underwriting fees, 2,587,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 433,947 of other offering
costs. In addition, at December 13, 2021, cash of 1,498,937 were held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the payment of
offering costs and for working capital purposes net with 104,535,000 transferred to the Trust Account on December 13, 2021. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our initial
business combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. We estimate our annual franchise
tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to
be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay
from funds from this offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in our trust account and released
to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts
held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income and franchise
taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately 480,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account.
We will use these funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

The Company s IPO prospectus
dated December 8, 2021 provides that the Company initially had until 15 months from the closing of the IPO to complete its initial business
combination, or, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, but
are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months each time
(for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination) by depositing 0.10 for each public share that has not been redeemed
(or an aggregate of 1,035,000 if there are no redemptions) into the trust account for each three (3) month extension. 

However, as approved by our
stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting ), on March 13, 2023, we entered into
an amendment to the investment management trust agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing us to extend the
time available for us to consummate an initial business combination for an additional six (6) months from March 13, 2023 to September
13, 2023 without having to make any extension payment. In connection with the stockholders vote to amend the investment management trust
agreement at the Meeting, 5,873,364 shares of common stock were tendered for redemption. On March 13, 2023, the Company decided to extend
the available time to complete a business combination for an additional six (6) months from March 13, 2023 to September 13, 2023. Public
stockholders were not offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. 

Subsequently on September
8, 2023 at a special meeting of stockholders, Inception Growth s stockholders approved an amendment of Inception Growth s
certificate of incorporation and a further amendment to the Trust Agreement, such that Inception Growth has the right to extend the date
by which it has to consummate a business combination by nine times for an additional one (1) month each time from September 13, 2023 to
June 13, 2024 by depositing into the trust account the lesser of (i) 100,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.04 multiplied by
the number of Public Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension. On each of September 8, 2023, October 5, 2023, November
1, 2023, November 29, 2023, January 4, 2024, February 5, 2024, February 27, 2024, April 3, 2024 and May 6, 2024, Inception Growth deposited
 100,000 into Inception Growth s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination. 

23 

Further, subsequently on
June 4, 2024 at the annual meeting of stockholders, Inception Growth s stockholders approved an amendment of Inception Growth s
certificate of incorporation and a further amendment to the Trust Agreement, such that Inception Growth has the right to extend the date
by which it has to consummate a business combination by six times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 13, 2024 to December
13, 2024 by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of (i) 50,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.04 multiplied by the
number of Public Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension. On each of June 6, 2024, July 8, 2024, August 1, 2024,
September 5, 2024, October 2, 2024 and November 12, 2024, Inception Growth deposited 50,000 into Inception Growth s Trust Account
in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination. Currently, Inception Growth has until December
13, 2024 to complete a business combination. 

If the Company does not complete
a business combination by December 13, 2024 (or such date as may be extended), the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution
and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As a result, this has the same
effect as if the Company had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Law. Accordingly, no vote would
be required from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution and liquidation. If the Company is unable to consummate
the Company s initial business combination by December 13, 2024 (or such date as may be extended), the Company will, as promptly
as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Company s outstanding public shares for a pro rata
portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not necessary to pay taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, the Company may not be able to distribute such amounts
as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. In the event of
dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire and will be worthless. 

Accordingly, the Company
may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern if a business combination is not consummated by December 13, 2024 (or such date as may be extended). These unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

24 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services to us. We began
incurring these fees on March 4, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business
combination and our liquidation. Also, we are committed to the below: 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares, the Private Placement Warrants (and their underlying securities) and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working
Capital Loans (and their underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed
on the effective date of the Public Offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that
we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any
time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the
Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to
exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We are committed to pay the
Deferred Discount of the Initial Public Offering, to the underwriter upon the Company s consummation of the business combination.
The deferred fee can be paid in cash. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any significant accounting policies. 

Warrant accounting 

We account for warrants as
either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet
the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under
ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own common stock and whether the warrant holders could potentially require
 net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment,
which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period
end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified warrants
that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time
of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to
be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the
estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

As the warrants issued upon
the IPO and private placements meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC 480, therefore, the warrants are classified as equity. 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

We account for its common
stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 
Common stocks subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stocks (including common stocks that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times, common stocks are classified as shareholders equity. Our common stocks feature certain redemption rights that are subject
to the occurrence of uncertain future events and considered to be outside of our control. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2023 and December
31, 2023, 1,264,184 and 2,950,891 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. 

25 

Offering costs 

We comply with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering .
Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the
Public Offering and that were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Public Offering. 

Net income (loss) per share 

We calculates net income
(loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable
to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable
ordinary shares and non-redeemable ordinary shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net income (loss)
less any dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding
between the redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to the redemption value of the ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. Accretion associated with the redeemable
shares of ordinary share is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. As of September 30, 2024,
we has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private warrants to purchase an aggregate of
9,896,250 shares in the calculation of diluted net loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and we did not have any other dilutive securities and other
contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result,
diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

As of September 30, 2024,
we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of
our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

26 

We determined that we did
not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company s annual report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Original Form 10-K contained an unintentional error in its
content. In connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the Company as of and for the year ended December 31,
2023, the Company s management, in consultation with its advisors, identified two errors made in certain of the Company s
previously issued financial statements, arising from the manner in which the Company accounted for the deferred underwriting compensation
in connection with the Company s initial public offering and the classification of non-redemption agreement expenses. The Company
previously overstated 337,500 deferred underwriting compensation and classified the non-redemption agreement expenses as additional paid-in
capital item. The Company s management determined, after consultation with its advisors, that the deferred underwriting compensation
should be decreased to the maximum allowed by the underwriting agreement, and the non-redemption agreement expenses should be reclassified
as profit and loss item. The Company has restated amount of 337,500 deferred underwriting compensation in Form 10K. The subsequent events
footnote disclosure of promissory notes were omitted. The Company subsequently filed an amended Form 10-K on March 14, 2024 to rectify
the errors. 

To remediate these material
weaknesses, we developed a remediation plan with assistance from our accounting advisors and have dedicated significant resources and
efforts to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately
apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials
and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. For a discussion of management s consideration of the material weakness identified related
to our accounting for a significant and unusual transaction related to the warrants we issued in connection with our initial public offering. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of September 30, 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1 Legal Proceedings 

The Company is not party
to any legal proceedings as of the filing date of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for
our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on December 8, 2021. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse
effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus dated December 8, 2021 other than as stated below. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On December 13, 2021, we
consummated our initial public offering IPO of 9,000,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one
share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), one-half of one redeemable warrant
(the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share,
and one right (the Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation of an initial business
combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of 90,000,000. On
December 9, 2021, the underwriters of the IPO fully exercised their over-allotment option, and the closing and sale of an additional 1,350,000
Units (the Over-Allotment Units occurred on December 13, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units
at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 13,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO and the sale of the over-allotment units on December 13, 2021, the Company consummated the private placement Private
Placement with the Sponsor of 4,721,250 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant,
generating total proceeds of 4,721,250. These securities (other than our IPO securities) were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. 

The Private Warrants are
identical to the warrants sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise thereof are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, in each case so long as they
continue to be held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell
any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until
30 days after the Company completes its initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2021,
a total of 104,535,351 was held in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders, which included
 103,500,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including the exercise of the over-allotment option) and 4,721,250 of the Private Placements
and subsequent interest income. Following tax withdrawal, redemptions and extensions, the amount of funds remaining in the trust account
as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 14,704,087. 

We paid a total of 1,811,250
in underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the deferred underwriting commission payable at the consummation of initial business
combination) and approximately 433,947 for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the initial public offering. 

28 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

29 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INCEPTION
 GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

Date: November
 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Cheuk Hang Chow 

Name: 
 
 Cheuk Hang Chow 

Title: 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022063101ex31-1_inception.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)
AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Cheuk Hang Chow, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Cheuk Hang Chow 

Name: 
 Cheuk
 Hang Chow 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022063101ex31-2_inception.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND
15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Felix Yun Pun Wong, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Name: 
 Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022063101ex32-1_inception.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Cheuk Hang Chow, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Cheuk Hang Chow 

Name: 
 Cheuk Hang Chow 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022063101ex32-2_inception.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Inception
Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Felix Yun Pun Wong, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Name: 
 Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 igta-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 igta-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 igta-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 igta-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 igta-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

