<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1828016_0001828016-24-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7309639</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95319</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1334795</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2543601</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1669494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1509799</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001828016-24-000035.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107083327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001828016-24-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Playtika Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				813634591
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39896
		FILM NUMBER:		241433368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O PLAYTIKA LTD.
		STREET 2:		HACHOSHLIM ST 8
		CITY:			HERZLIYA PITUARCH
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			4672408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-73-316-3251

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2225 VILLAGE WALK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001828016-24-000035.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 playtika-20240930.htm
 10-Q

playtika-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 ` 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State of other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , 
 - 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 4, 2024 the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

PLAYTIKA HOLDING CORP. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 34 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 35 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 37 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 37 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 38 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 38 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 38 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 38 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 39 
 SIGNATURES 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this quarterly report, including statements regarding our business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Further, statements that include words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, future, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, present, preserve, project, pursue, should, will, or would, or the negative of these words or other words or expressions of similar meaning may identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements involves significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 26, 2024. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and industry. As a result, it is not possible for our management to assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking statements discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated, predicted or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements include without limitation: 
 
 actions of our majority shareholder or other third parties that influence us; 
 our reliance on third-party platforms, such as the iOS App Store, Facebook, and Google Play Store, to distribute our games and collect revenues, and the risk that such platforms may adversely change their policies; 
 our reliance on a limited number of games to generate the majority of our revenue; 
 our reliance on a small percentage of total users to generate a majority of our revenue; 
 our free-to-play business model, and the value of virtual items sold in our games, is highly dependent on how we manage the game revenues and pricing models; 
 our inability to refinance our revolving credit facility which is set to expire in March 2026 or otherwise obtain additional financing, in each case, on favorable terms or at all; 
 our inability to identify acquisition targets that fit our strategy or complete acquisitions and integrate any acquired businesses successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions could limit our growth, disrupt our plans and operations or impact the amount of capital allocated to mergers and acquisitions; 
 our inability to obtain necessary governmental or other approvals in a timely fashion or at all or our inability to otherwise complete the acquisition of SuperPlay Ltd.; 
 our ability to compete in a highly competitive industry with low barriers to entry; 
 our ability to retain existing players, attract new players and increase the monetization of our player base; 
 we have significant indebtedness and are subject to the obligations and restrictive covenants under our debt instruments; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics on our business and the economy as a whole; 
 the impact of an economic recession or periods of increased inflation, and any reductions to household spending on the types of discretionary entertainment we offer; 
 our controlled company status; 
 legal or regulatory restrictions or proceedings could adversely impact our business and limit the growth of our operations; 
 risks related to our international operations and ownership, including our significant operations in Israel and Ukraine and the fact that our controlling stockholder is a Chinese-owned company; 
 geopolitical events, such as the Wars in Israel and Ukraine; 
 our reliance on key personnel; 
 market conditions or other factors affecting the payment of dividends, including the decision whether or not to pay a dividend; 
 uncertainties regarding the amount and timing of repurchases under our stock repurchase program; 
 security breaches or other disruptions could compromise our information or our players information and expose us to liability; and 
 our inability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Additional factors that may cause future events and actual results, financial or otherwise, to differ, potentially materially, from those discussed in or implied by the forward-looking statements include the risks and uncertainties discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2024. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (Unaudited) Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Restricted cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets other than goodwill, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net Investments in unconsolidated entities Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities, current Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Contingent consideration Other long-term liabilities, including employee related benefits Operating lease liabilities, long-term Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock at cost shares at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -1- 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions, except for per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Costs and expenses Cost of revenue Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Impairment charges Total costs and expenses Income from operations Interest and other, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Net income per share attributable to common stockholders, basic Net income per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders, basic Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -2- 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (In millions, except for per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Share capital Shares Amount Treasury stock Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Accumulated 
 other comprehensive 
 income 
 Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Balances at January 1, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net income Cash dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares upon vesting of RSUs and PSUs ) Income tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Other comprehensive income Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Cash dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares upon vesting of RSUs ) Income tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Cash dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares upon vesting of RSUs ) Income tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

-3- 

Share capital Shares Amount Treasury stock Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Accumulated 
 other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Balances at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares upon vesting of RSUs and PSUs ) Income tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Share-based compensation Issuance of shares upon vesting of RSUs ) Income tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Other comprehensive income Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Share-based compensation Issuance of shares upon vesting of RSUs ) Income tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 _______ 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -4- 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Impairment charges Stock-based compensation Amortization of loan discount Change in contingent consideration ) Change in deferred taxes, net ) ) Loss from foreign currency ) Non-cash lease expenses (benefit), net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current and non-current assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current and non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Capitalization of internal use software costs 
 ) ) Purchase of software for internal use 
 ) ) Purchase of short-term investments ) Proceeds from short-term investments Payments for business combination, net of cash acquired ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Dividend paid ) Repayments on bank borrowings ) ) Payment of tax withholdings on stock-based payments ) ) Net cash out flow for business acquisitions and other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period 
 
 -5- 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow disclosures Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Cash received for interest Non-cash financing and investing activities Accrued dividend Right-of-use assets acquired under operating leases Contingent consideration related to business acquisition Accrued purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets Capitalization of stock-based compensation costs 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 -6- 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 (In millions, unless specified otherwise) 

NOTE 1. 

Share Purchase Agreement - SuperPlay 
 
 On September 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the SuperPlay Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding share capital of SuperPlay Ltd. SuperPlay )(the Transaction for an aggregate purchase price equal to (i) million, subject to customary closing adjustments, and (ii) earnout payments of up to billion, the amounts of which will be based on certain gross revenue growth and Adjusted EBITDA metrics of SuperPlay during the calendar years 2025, 2026 and 2027. The closing of the Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and the SuperPlay Purchase Agreement includes customary termination rights, including if the closing of the Transaction has not occurred on or before March 31, 2025. 
 
 -7- 

million to million and adjusted certain of the associated underlying performance metrics. The Company recorded million of income to general and administrative expense during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 to adjust its recorded earnout liability to the June 30, 2024 estimated fair value of the total amount to be paid under the earnout, as amended. 
 
 platforms. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers. 
 
 Google Facebook 

Cash and cash equivalents and Short-term investments 

-8- 

million per year for each of the plan years, and may also be granted appreciation units, which allow the employee to receive their pro-rata portion of an appreciation pool calculated as a specified percentage of Adjusted EBITDA for each of the plan years. 

The Company recognized compensation expenses in respect of retention unit and appreciation unit awards under its appreciation and retention plans of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 -9- 

See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, for additional discussion. 
 
 million and million related to these certain investments during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. change to the carrying amounts were recorded in the three or nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. 

NOTE 2. 
 
 Total short-term investments 
 
 The Company did hold short-term investments at December 31, 2023. 
 
 -10- 

NOTE 3. 
 
 Accrued expenses Media buy Deferred revenues Dividend payable Tax accruals Contingent consideration Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

NOTE 4. 
 Senior Notes 2029 Revolving Credit Facility 2026 n/a Total debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 Book value of debt in the table above is reported net of deferred financing costs and original issue discount of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 The Company has a billion senior secured first lien term loan (the Term Loan and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility (together, the Credit Agreement ), maturing on March 11, 2028 and March 11, 2026, respectively. The Term Loan requires quarterly principal payments equal to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan with balance due at maturity. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility includes a maximum first-priority net senior secured leverage ratio financial maintenance covenant of to 1.0. At September 30, 2024, the Company s first-priority net senior secured leverage ratio was to 1.0. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with its financial and other covenants under the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The other significant terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement have not changed from what was disclosed in Note 12, Debt in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2024. 
 
 -11- 

Senior Notes due 2029 
 
 Indenture 
 
 On March 11, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2029 (the Notes under an indenture, dated March 11, 2021 (the Indenture ), among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 
 Maturity and Interest 
 
 The Notes mature on March 15, 2029. Interest on the Notes will accrue at a rate of per annum. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. 
 
 The significant terms and conditions of the Notes have not changed from what was disclosed in Note 12, Debt in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2024. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock had been allocated to awards granted under the Plan and shares remained available for future grants. 
 
 Cash Dividend 
 
 On April 5 and July 5, 2024, in accordance with approval by the Board of Directors of the Company the Board ), the Company paid cash dividends of per shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. Additionally, the Board declared a cash dividend of per share of the Company s outstanding common stock, that was paid on October 4, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 20, 2024. The dividend amount of million is recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On May 9, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for up to million of the Company s common stock. Under the repurchase program, repurchases can be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, all in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and other applicable legal requirements. The specific timing, price and size of purchases will depend on prevailing stock prices, general economic and market conditions, and other considerations. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 
 
 -12- 

Granted Exercised Cancelled ) Expired Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

The Company used the Black-Scholes option pricing model for determining the estimated fair value of stock-based compensation related to stock options. options granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield Expected term in years Expected volatility - 

RSUs 
 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Cancelled 
 ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

PSUs 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimated achievement of a target less than for the PSUs associated with the 2024 and 2025 tranches, consistent with the Company s current forecasted performance for 2024 and 2025. For purposes of forecasting PSU achievement, future results of the SuperPlay transaction are not considered until the quarter in which the transaction closes. 
 
 -13- 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Cancelled 
 ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 ________ 
 (1) The number of PSUs outstanding represent the total number of PSUs granted to each recipient eligible to vest if the Company meets its highest specified performance goals for the applicable period. 
 
 Represents an amount less than or 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 RSUs PSUs ) Total stock-based compensation costs 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses General and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation costs, net of amounts capitalized 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation cost, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation cost, respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively. There was unrecognized expense for PSUs at September 30, 2024. The expense related to stock options and RSUs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 
 -14- 

NOTE 6. 
 
 interest rate swap agreements, each with a notional value of million. Each of these swap agreements is with a different financial institution as the counterparty to reduce the Company s counterparty risk. The initial terms of each swap required the Company to pay a fixed interest rate of in exchange for receiving one-month LIBOR. In June 2023 these interest rate swap agreements were amended so that effective July 31, 2023, the Company will pay a fixed interest rate of in exchange for receiving one-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The amendment did not impact the hedge effectiveness. 
 
 The interest rate swap agreements settle monthly commencing in April 2021 through their termination dates on April 30, 2026. The estimated fair value of the Company s interest rate swap agreements is derived from a discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company entered into additional interest rate swap agreements, each with a notional value of million. Each of these swap agreements is with a different financial institution, and each swap requires the Company to pay a fixed interest rate of in exchange for receiving one-month LIBOR for and one-month Term SOFR afterwards. The interest rate swap agreements settle monthly commencing in February 2023 through their termination dates on February 28, 2028. The estimated fair value of the Company s interest rate swap agreements is derived from a discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 The aggregate fair value of the Company s interest rate swap agreements was a net asset of million as of September 30, 2024. and was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, other non-current assets, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets based upon the timing of the underlying expected cash flows. 
 
 Foreign currency hedge agreements 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding derivative contracts to purchase certain foreign currencies, including EUR, ILS, RON, and PLN at future dates. The amount of future salary expenses the Company had hedged was approximately million, and all contracts are expected to mature during the upcoming months. The aggregate fair value of the Company s derivative contracts was a net assets of million as of September 30, 2024 and was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets and accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Derivative instruments - interest rate swaps Derivative instruments - others (non-hedging) 

NOTE 7. 
 
 -15- 

Level 2 Senior Notes Level 2 Total debt 
 
 December 31, 2023 Face Value Fair Value Fair Value Hierarchy Term Loan Level 2 Senior Notes Level 2 Total debt 
 
 The estimated fair value of the Company s term loan is based upon the prices at which the Company s debt traded in the days immediately preceding the balance sheet date. As the trading volume of the Company s debt is low relative to the overall debt balance, the Company does not believe that the associated transactions represent an active market, and therefore this indication of value represents a level 2 fair value input. 
 
 -16- 

Term deposits Level 1 Commercial papers Level 2 Short-term investments Commercial papers Level 2 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Derivative instruments - interest rate swaps Level 2 Derivative instruments - foreign currency derivative contracts Level 2 Other non-current assets Derivative instruments - interest rate swaps Level 2 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Derivative instruments - interest rate swaps Level 2 Derivative instruments - foreign currency derivative contracts Level 2 Other long-term liabilities, including employee related benefits Derivative instruments - interest rate swaps Level 2 
 
 Fair value adjustments based upon post-acquisition performance ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The carrying values of the Company s cash equivalents and short-term investments approximate fair value because of the short duration of these financial instruments. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of interest rate swap contracts by discounting the future cash flows of both the fixed rate and variable rate interest payments based on market yield curves. The inputs used to measure the fair value of the Company s interest rate swap contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as established by ASC 820. The inputs used to measure the fair value of the Company s foreign currency contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as established by ASC 820. 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of its contingent consideration liabilities using a Monte Carlo simulation to model components of cash flow analyses. These fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements as defined in ASC 820. The extent to which the actual results differ from assumptions made within the Monte Carlo simulation cash flow analysis will result in adjustments to this liability in future periods. 
 
 -17- 

NOTE 8. 
 
 preceding the filing of the motion and for all subsequent customers of such games who purchase tokens until the resolution of the claim. The Motion alleges that certain of the Company s slot, poker and solitaire-themed games, including Slotomania, Caesars Slots, Solitaire Grand Harvest, House of Fun and Poker Heat, constitute illegal gambling and are prohibited under Israeli law and are misleading under Israeli consumer protection laws and alleges unjust enrichment. The Motion asserts damages of NIS million. On January 12, 2023, PGI filed its response to the Motion for Approval. On March 5, 2023, the applicant submitted his reply to PGI s 
 -18- 

before the filing of the lawsuit until the case is resolved but excluding any residents who spent or more during such time period. After the Company removed the case to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee, plaintiff filed a motion to remand the case back to the Coffee County Circuit Court which the Company opposed. The Company also filed a motion to dismiss and a motion to compel arbitration. The U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee issued an order to remand on September 26, 2024 and the Company has filed a petition to appeal the order. The other motions to dismiss and compel arbitration have been briefed and are currently pending. As the case is in preliminary stages, the Company cannot estimate what impact, if any, the litigation may have on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company intends to defend this case vigorously. 
 
 On March 8, 2023, plaintiff Gayla Hamilton Mills filed a lawsuit against the Company and its subsidiary, Playtika Ltd., in the Circuit Court of Franklin County, Alabama, alleging that the Company s casino-themed social games are unlawful gambling under Alabama law. The lawsuit seeks to recover all amounts paid by Alabama residents to the Company in connection with its games during the period beginning before the filing of the lawsuit until the case is resolved. After the Company removed the case to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama, plaintiff dismissed the complaint and filed a very similar new complaint in the Circuit Court of Franklin County, Alabama on August 25, 2023. The new complaint asserted the same cause of action and bases for relief, but limited the requested recovery to the amounts paid to the Company in connection with its games only by those Alabama residents who spent less than during the before the filing of the lawsuit until the case is resolved. The Company timely removed the new complaint to the same U.S. district court on September 28, 2023. On October 20, 2023, the plaintiff filed a motion to remand the case back to the Franklin County Circuit Court which the Company opposed. A hearing on the motion to remand was held on March 20, 2024 and the parties are awaiting a ruling. As the case is in preliminary stages, the Company cannot estimate what impact, if any, the litigation may have on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company intends to defend this case vigorously. 
 
 On August 22, 2024, plaintiff Dianne Fuqua filed a lawsuit against the Company and its subsidiary, Playtika Ltd., in the District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, alleging that the Company s casino-themed social games are unlawful 
 -19- 

times the amount paid by Kentucky residents to the Company from its games during the period from August 2019 through June 2023 plus interest, costs and any other relief plaintiff is entitled to. The parties are negotiating a schedule for responsive briefing and have agreed, subject to court approval, to a response date of January 31, 2025. As the case is in preliminary stages, the Company cannot estimate what impact, if any, the litigation may have on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company intends to defend this case vigorously. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the company received a deficit notice from the Ben Gurion Airport Customs House concerning the purchase of a private aircraft. The deficit notice claims that the company's acquisition of the aircraft is an import into Israel, and, as a result, it was obliged to pay purchase tax and VAT for the acquisition. The company disputes that any tax or VAT is owed. On July 26, 2023, the Customs House's definitive response was received, with the deficit notice still intact. The current claimed amount of the deficit notice is approximately million. The Company paid the deficit notice under protest and filed a claim with the district court on December 12, 2023. The Customs House submitted its statement of defense on April 17, 2024 and the Company submitted its response to the statement of defense on June 16. A pre-trial meeting has been scheduled with the court for November 14, 2024. The Company intends to pursue this case vigorously. 
 
 On June 1, 2024, the Company received pre-arbitration notices from a law firm purporting to represent claimants who have played the Company s games and intend to file arbitration demands alleging that the Company s games are unlawful or that they otherwise have suffered harm for which recovery is available. On July 26, 2024, the law firm filed arbitration demands on behalf of claimants. On September 13, 2024, the arbitrator requested that the Company waive certain dispute resolution provisions in its terms of service as a condition to its administering the arbitration. The Company declined to waive such provisions and, as a result, the arbitration was closed on October 3, 2024. On September 16, 2024, the Company received pre-arbitration notices from the same law firm purporting to represent an additional claimants alleging the same claims as the other claimants. As of the date hereof, the Company lacks adequate information to assess the nature or validity of these claims. As such, the Company cannot estimate what impact, if any, these claims may have on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company intends to defend these claims vigorously. 
 
 On October 17, 2024, the Company received pre-arbitration notices from a different law firm purporting to represent claimants who have played the Company s games and intend to file arbitration demands alleging that the Company s games are unlawful and that the claimants made purchases in the Company s games which were the result of unfair and deceptive practices that violate consumer protection laws. As these claims are in preliminary stages, the Company cannot estimate what impact, if any, they may have on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The Company intends to defend these claims vigorously. 

NOTE 9. 
 
 EMEA APAC Other Total 
 
 -20- 

Direct-to-consumer platforms Total revenues 
 Contract balances 
 
 Payments from players for virtual items are collected by platform providers or payment processors and remitted to the Company (net of the platform or clearing fees) generally within days after the player transaction. The Company s right to receive the payments collected by the platform providers or payment processors is recorded as an accounts receivable as the right to receive payment is unconditional. Deferred revenues, which represent a contract liability, represent mostly unrecognized fees billed for virtual items which have not yet been consumed at the balance sheet date. Platform fees paid to platform providers or payment processors and associated with deferred revenues represent a contract asset. 
 
 Contract assets (1) 
 Contract liabilities (2) 
 
 _______ 
 (1) Contract assets are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Contract liabilities are included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities as deferred revenues in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of its contract liabilities that were outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Unsatisfied performance obligations 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s unsatisfied performance obligations relate to contracts with an original expected length of one year or less. 

NOTE 10. 
 
 operating segment and reportable segment. 
 
 USA Ukraine Other Total long-lived assets, net 
 
 -21- 

NOTE 11. 
 
 Interest income ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation differences, net ) ) Other Total interest and other, net 

NOTE 12. 
 
 Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 
 The effective tax rates were determined using a worldwide estimated annual effective tax rate and took discrete items into consideration. The difference between the effective tax rate and the 21 U.S. federal statutory rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to tax positions that do not meet the more likely than not standard, the inclusion of Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income, and non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a non-recurring favorable impact of reversal of accruals related to undistributed earnings. The difference between the effective tax rate and the 21 U.S. federal statutory rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to tax provisions that do not meet the more likely than not standard and the inclusion of Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income. 
 
 -22- 

NOTE 13. Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 Foreign Currency Translation Interest Rate Swaps Foreign Currency Derivative Contracts Total Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 -23- 

) Foreign currency derivative contracts ) ) ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for interest rate swaps and foreign currency derivative contracts were reclassified to interest expense and operating expenses, respectively, in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

NOTE 14. 
 
 Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders, basic Stock-based compensation awards Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted Net income per share, basic Net income per share, diluted 
 
 The Company uses the treasury stock method on a grant-by-grant basis as the method for determining the dilutive effect of options, RSUs and PSUs. Under this method, it is assumed that the hypothetical proceeds received upon settlement are used to repurchase common shares at the average market price during the period. 
 RSUs Total 
 In addition, million PSUs were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million PSUs were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, because the minimum performance measures were not yet met. 
 
 -24- 

NOTE 15. 
 
 -25- 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 
 
 We are one of the world s leading developers of mobile games creating fun, innovative experiences that entertain and engage our users. We have built best-in-class live game operations services and proprietary technology tools to support our portfolio of games which enable us to drive strong user engagement and monetization. Our games are free-to-play, and we are experts in providing novel, curated in-game content and offers to our users, at optimal points in their game journeys. Our players love our games because they are fun, creative, engaging, and kept fresh through a release of new features that are customized for different player segments. As a result, we have retained paying users over long periods of time. 
 
 Recent Events 
 
 On October 7, 2023, the State of Israel was attacked by Hamas, and the State of Israel subsequently declared war on Hamas. Since that time, Israel has been engaged in armed conflict with combatants located in Gaza, the West Bank, Syria, Iran, Lebanon and Yemen. While these war and conflicts have not had a direct material financial impact on the Company as of the date of this filing, the Company s headquarters are located in Israel, and the Company employs approximately 1,040 professionals in Israel, including the majority of the Company s senior leadership team. The Company is actively monitoring the developments in this geographic region. 
 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues 
 
 We primarily derive revenue from the sale of virtual items associated with online games. 
 
 We distribute our games to the end customer through various web and mobile platforms, such as Apple, Facebook, Google and other web and mobile platforms plus our own direct-to-consumer platforms. Through these platforms, users can download our free-to-play games and can purchase virtual items to enhance their game-playing experience. Players can purchase virtual items through various widely accepted payment methods offered in the games. Payments from players for virtual items are non-refundable and relate to non-cancellable contracts that specify our obligations and cannot be redeemed for cash nor exchanged for anything other than virtual items within our games. 
 
 Our games are played on various third-party platforms for which the platform providers collect proceeds from our customers and pay us an amount after deducting platform fees. For purchases made through both the third-party and Direct-to-Consumer platforms, we are primarily responsible for fulfilling the virtual items, have the control over the content and functionality of games and have the discretion to establish the virtual items prices. Therefore, we are the principal and, accordingly, revenues are recorded on a gross basis. Payment processing fees paid to platform providers are recorded within cost of revenue. 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue includes payment processing fees, customer support, hosting fees and depreciation and amortization expenses associated with assets directly involved in the generation of revenues, including servers and internal use software. Platform providers (such as Apple, Facebook and Google) charge a transactional payment processing fee to accept payments from our players for the purchase of in-app virtual goods. Payment processing fees and other related expenses for in-app purchases made through our Direct-to-Consumer platforms are typically 3-4 , compared to a 30 platform fee for third party platforms. We generally expect cost of revenue to fluctuate proportionately with revenues. 
 
 Research and development 
 
 Research and development consists of salaries, bonuses, benefits, other compensation, including stock-based compensation and allocated overhead, related to engineering, research, and development. In addition, research and development expenses include depreciation and amortization expenses associated with assets associated with our research and development efforts. 
 -26- 

We expect that research and development expenses specifically associated with new game development will fluctuate over time. 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing consists of costs related to advertising and user acquisition, including costs related to salaries, bonuses, benefits, and other compensation, including stock-based compensation and allocated overhead. In addition, sales and marketing expenses include depreciation and amortization expenses associated with assets related to our sales and marketing efforts. We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to retain and acquire users. However, sales and marketing expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues depending on the timing and efficiency of our marketing efforts. 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist of salaries, bonuses, benefits, and other compensation, including stock-based compensation, for all our corporate support functional areas, including our senior leadership. In addition, general and administrative expenses include outsourced professional services such as consulting, legal and accounting services, taxes and dues, insurance premiums, and costs associated with maintaining our property and infrastructure. General and administrative expenses also include depreciation and amortization expenses associated with assets not directly attributable to any of the expense categories above. We also record adjustments to contingent consideration payable recorded after the acquisition date, and legal settlement expenses, as components of general and administrative expense. 
 
 Impairment charges 
 
 Impairment charges in 2024 reflect impairments related to our investments in unconsolidated entities. We hold certain equity investments in various unconsolidated entities that fall within the scope of ASC 321, Investments - Equity Securities. As permitted within that guidance, we have elected to account for these investments at cost less impairment, adjusted for changes in fair value from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer as of the respective transaction dates. Impairment charges in 2023 reflect charges recorded for the excess of the carrying amount over estimated fair value of our identifiable intangible assets 
 
 Interest and other, net 
 
 Our interest expense includes interest incurred under our December 2019 Credit Agreement, as amended, and amortization of deferred financing costs. We expect to continue to incur interest expense under our Credit Agreement, although such interest expense will fluctuate based upon the underlying variable interest rates. We entered into multiple interest rate swap agreements in March 2021 and in January 2023, accumulating to a total notional amount of 1.0 billion, reducing our overall exposure to variable interest rates. 
 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net, include gains and losses resulting from remeasurement of certain non-USD denominated balance sheet items. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes consists of current income taxes in the various jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation, primarily the United States, the United Kingdom, Israel, Germany, and Austria, as well as deferred income taxes reflecting the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in each of these jurisdictions for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Under current U.S. tax law, the federal statutory tax rate applicable to corporations is 21 . Our effective tax rate can fluctuate based on various factors, including our financial results and the geographic mix to which they relate, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in our business or operations, examination-related developments and uncertain tax positions, and changes in tax law. 
 -27- 

Net Income 
 
 We calculate net income as revenue minus cost of revenues, research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, interest and taxes. 
 
 Consolidated Operating Results of Playtika Holding Corp 
 
 We measure the performance of our business by using several key financial metrics, including revenue and operating income, and operating metrics, including Daily Active Users, Average Revenue per Daily Active User, Paying Users, and Average Revenue per Paying User. These operating metrics help our management to understand and measure the engagement levels of our players, the size of our audience and our reach. See Basis of Presentation and Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data for additional information of these measures. 
 
 Daily Active Users 
 
 We define Daily Active Users, or DAUs, as the number of individuals who played one of our games during a particular day on a particular platform. Under this metric, an individual who plays two different games on the same day is counted as two DAUs. Similarly, an individual who plays the same game on two different platforms (e.g., web and mobile) or on two different social networks on the same day would be counted as two DAUs. Average DAUs for a particular period is the average of the DAUs for each day during that period. We believe that Daily Active Users is a useful metric to measure the scale and usage of our game platform. 
 
 Daily Paying Users 
 
 We define Daily Paying Users, or DPUs, as the number of individuals who purchased, with real world currency, virtual currency or items in any of our games on a particular day. Under this metric, an individual who makes a purchase of virtual currency or items in two different games on the same day is counted as two DPUs. Similarly, an individual who makes a purchase of virtual currency or items in any of our games on two different platforms (e.g., web and mobile) or on two different social networks on the same day could be counted as two DPUs. Average DPUs for a particular period is the average of the DPUs for each day during that period. We believe that Daily Paying Users is a useful metric to measure game monetization. 
 
 Daily Payer Conversion 
 
 We define Daily Payer Conversion as the total number of DPUs divided by the number of DAUs on a particular day. Average Daily Payer Conversion for a particular period is the average of the Daily Payer Conversion rates for each day during that period. We believe that Daily Payer Conversion is a useful metric to describe the monetization of our users. 
 
 Average Revenue per Daily Active User 
 
 We define Average Revenue per Daily Active User, or ARPDAU, as (i) the total revenue in a given period, (ii) divided by the number of days in that period, (iii) divided by the average DAUs during the period. We believe that ARPDAU is a useful metric to describe monetization. 
 
 Monthly Active Users 
 
 We define Monthly Active Users, or MAUs, as the number of individuals who played one of our games during a calendar month on a particular platform. Under this metric, an individual who plays two different games in the same calendar month is counted as two MAUs. Similarly, an individual who plays the same game on two different platforms (e.g., web and mobile) or on two different social networks during the same month would be counted as two MAUs. Average MAUs for a particular period is the average of the MAUs for each month during that period. We believe that MAUs is a useful metric to measure the scale and reach of our platform, but we base our business decisions primarily on daily performance metrics, which we believe more accurately reflect user engagement with our games. 
 -28- 

Results of Operations 
 
 The table below shows the results of our key financial and operating metrics for the periods indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, financial metrics are presented in millions of U.S. Dollars, user statistics are presented in millions of users, and ARPDAU is presented in U.S. Dollars. 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except percentages, Average DPUs and ARPDAU) (Unaudited) Revenues 620.8 630.1 1,899.0 1,929.1 Total cost and expenses 523.3 540.1 1,562.7 1,547.5 Operating income 97.5 90.0 336.3 381.6 Net income 39.3 37.9 178.9 197.7 Credit Adjusted EBITDA 197.2 205.6 573.8 643.3 Non-financial performance metrics Average DAUs 7.6 8.4 8.1 8.7 Average DPUs (in thousands) 301 299 303 311 Average Daily Payer Conversion 4.0 3.6 3.7 3.6 ARPDAU 0.89 0.81 0.85 0.81 Average MAUs 26.4 28.4 29.0 29.0 
 
 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) (Unaudited) Revenues 620.8 630.1 1,899.0 1,929.1 Cost of revenue 168.1 173.9 513.3 537.9 Research and development 99.2 102.2 306.7 304.9 Sales and marketing 149.9 142.8 509.7 427.7 General and administrative 76.8 79.6 196.7 225.7 Impairment charges 29.3 41.6 36.3 51.3 Total costs and expenses 523.3 540.1 1,562.7 1,547.5 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 9.3 million and 30.1 million, respectively when compared with the comparable period of 2023. Incremental revenues from the acquired studios were more than offset by the decrease in revenues due to reduced monetization. 
 
 -29- 

Cost of revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 5.8 million and 24.6 million, respectively, when compared with the comparable periods of 2023. The decreases in cost of revenue includes an approximate 7.5 million and 25.7 million decrease in platform fees, respectively, associated with reduced revenues and a greater percentage of revenue generated from our Direct-To-Consumer platforms for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as well as a 1.2 million and 2.6 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expenses, respectively. 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3.0 million and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 1.8 million when compared with the comparable periods of 2023. Recent headcount reductions have reduced employee compensation costs, including decreased stock-based compensation expense, however, a significant decrease in research and development expenses has not occurred due to the shift in our workforce composition towards higher-cost locations, combined with merit-based compensation increases and an increased spend in outsourcing. These factors were offset by decreases in the amount of expenses capitalized as projects conclude. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 7.1 million and 82.0 million, respectively, when compared with the comparable periods of 2023. The increases in sales and marketing expenses were due largely to increased media buy expenses driven by the acquisitions of InnPlay and Youda that were not present in the first half of 2023, accompanied by moderately higher media buy spending across the Company. 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 2.8 million and 29.0 million, respectively, when compared with the comparable period of 2023. 
 
 The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an adjustment to reduce expense by 16.2 million related to the change in fair value of the contingent consideration associated with the 2023 acquisition of InnPlay. Without the amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement for InnPlay, the likelihood of InnPlay reaching the thresholds for payment of the contingent consideration would likely have been significantly lower. 
 
 In addition, the decreases in general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an approximate 1.6 million and 20.9 million impact, respectively, of recent headcount reductions that reduced employee compensation costs, including decreased stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Impairment charge 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an impairment charge of 29.3 million and 36.3 million, respectively, related to our investments in unconsolidated affiliates. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded an impairment charge of 41.6 million related to the Redecor game title., Also included in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is a 9.7 million write-off of JustPlay.LOL Ltd s game title. 
 
 -30- 

Other Factors Affecting Net Income 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) (Unaudited) Interest expense 38.7 39.4 116.6 114.5 Interest income (18.4) (11.9) (45.1) (31.3) Foreign currency exchange, net 13.0 (2.6) 5.4 (6.8) Other 0.5 0.3 0.5 0.5 Provision for income taxes 24.4 26.9 80.0 107.0 
 Interest 
 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was largely consistent with the same period of 2023. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.1 million when compared with the same period of 2023 as a result of higher average interest rates on our variable rate debt. 
 
 Interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 6.5 million and 13.8 million, respectively, when compared with the same period of 2023 as a result of higher balances held in interest bearing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, and higher average interest rates earned on those instruments, as well as the recognition of 3.5 million of income associated with a tax refund received in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 The effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 38.3 compared to 41.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 30.9 compared to 35.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rates were determined using a worldwide estimated annual effective tax rate and took discrete items into consideration. The difference between the effective tax rate and the 21 U.S. federal statutory rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to tax provisions that do not meet the more likely than not standard, the inclusion of Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income, and non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a non-recurring favorable impact of reversal of accruals related to undistributed earnings. The difference between the effective tax rate and the 21 U.S. federal statutory rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to tax provisions that do not meet the more likely than not standard and the inclusion of Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income. 
 
 Net income 
 
 Upon aggregating all of the components of our results of operations above, net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 1.4 million and 18.8 million, respectively, when compared with the same periods of 2023. 

Reconciliation of Credit Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income 
 
 Credit Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be construed as an alternative to net income as an indicator of operating performance, nor as an alternative to cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or any other performance measure in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Below is a reconciliation of Credit Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the closest GAAP financial measure. Our Credit Agreement defines Adjusted EBITDA (which we call Credit Adjusted EBITDA as net income before (i) interest expense, (ii) interest income, (iii) provision for income taxes, (iv) depreciation and amortization expense, (v) impairment charges, (vi) stock-based compensation, (vii) contingent consideration, (viii) acquisition and related expenses, and (ix) certain other items. We calculate Credit Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Credit Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenues. 
 
 -31- 

Credit Adjusted EBITDA and Credit Adjusted EBITDA Margin as calculated herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies within the industry and are not determined in accordance with GAAP. Our presentation of Credit Adjusted EBITDA and Credit Adjusted EBITDA Margin should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or unexpected items. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 39.3 37.9 178.9 197.7 Provision for income taxes 24.4 26.9 80.0 107.0 Interest expense and other, net 33.8 25.2 77.4 76.9 Depreciation and amortization 39.2 38.4 117.1 116.0 EBITDA 136.7 128.4 453.4 497.6 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 23.6 28.0 70.2 82.5 Impairment charge 29.3 41.6 36.3 51.3 Changes in estimated value of contingent consideration (2.4) (15.8) Acquisition and related expenses (2) 
 7.0 5.6 9.7 8.7 Other items (3) 
 3.0 2.0 20.0 3.2 Credit Adjusted EBITDA 197.2 205.6 573.8 643.3 Net income margin 6.3 6.0 9.4 10.2 Credit Adjusted EBITDA margin 31.8 32.6 30.2 33.3 
 _______ 
 
 (1) Reflects, for all periods, stock-based compensation expense related to the issuance of equity awards to our employees. 
 (2) Includes costs incurred to evaluate and pursue acquisition activities as well as costs incurred by the Company in connection with the evaluation of strategic alternatives. 
 (3) The amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 consists primarily of 2.0 million and 16.7 million, respectively, incurred by the Company for severance. The amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also includes 6.2 million for incurred by the Company related to restructuring activities. The amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 consists primarily of 0.8 million and 1.5 million, respectively, incurred by the Company for severance and, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, 1.0 million for tax assessment paid under protest. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Capital spending 
 
 We incur capital expenditures in the normal course of business and perform ongoing enhancements and updates to our social and mobile games to maintain our quality standards. Cash used for capital expenditures in the normal course of business is typically made available from cash flows generated by operating activities. We may also pursue acquisition opportunities for additional businesses or social or mobile games that meet our strategic and return on investment criteria. Capital needs are evaluated on an individual opportunity basis and may require significant capital commitments. Payments of initial consideration for the SuperPlay transaction will be made from cash on the balance sheet. Cash for earnout consideration to be 
 -32- 

paid in future years is expected to be paid through operating cash flows, or, if necessary, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility or, if necessary, additional financing alternatives. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from our operations, currently available unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and borrowings under our Credit Facility and Revolver. Our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled 1,201.7 million and 1,029.7 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 600 million in additional borrowing capacity pursuant to our Revolving Credit Facility. Payments of short-term debt obligations and other commitments are expected to be made from cash on the balance sheet and operating cash flows. Long-term obligations are expected to be paid through operating cash flows, or, if necessary, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility or, if necessary, additional term loans or issuances of equity. 
 
 Our ability to fund our operations, pay our debt obligations and fund planned capital expenditures depends, in part, upon economic and other factors that are beyond our control, and disruptions in capital markets could impact our ability to secure additional funds through financing activities. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents balance, short-term investments and borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility and our cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our normal operating requirements during the next 12 months and the foreseeable future and to fund capital expenditures. 
 
 Cash flows 
 
 The following tables present a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in millions): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 337.0 336.3 Net cash flows used in investing activities (125.5) (215.3) Net cash flows used in financing activities (96.1) (12.1) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 0.3 0.8 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 115.7 109.7 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 337.0 million compared with 336.3 million for the same period of 2023. Net cash flows provided by operating activities for each period primarily consisted of net income generated during the period, exclusive of non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration payable, with changes in working capital impacted by the payment of annual and incentive bonuses and payment of long-term cash compensation during the first quarter and other normal working-capital timing differences. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 Net cash flow used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 125.5 million when compared with 215.3 million for the same period of 2023. Cash flows used in investing activities generally includes outflows related to the purchase and capitalization of assets and, in 2023, includes 160.6 million of cash outflow for a business acquisition. 
 
 -33- 

Financing activities 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 96.1 million, compared with 12.1 million for the same period of 2023. Financing activity cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily relates to a cash dividend paid, and in both 2024 and 2023 includes repayments on our bank borrowings. 
 
 Capital resources 
 
 We have a 1.9 billion senior secured first lien term loan (the Term Loan and a 600 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility (together, the Credit Agreement ), maturing on March 11, 2028 and March 11, 2026, respectively. The Term Loan requires quarterly principal payments equal to 0.25 of the original aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan with balance due at maturity. 
 
 On March 11, 2021, we issued 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.250 senior notes due 2029 (the Notes ). The Notes mature on March 15, 2029. Interest on the Notes will accrue at a rate of 4.250 per annum. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2021. 
 
 Significant terms of the Credit Facilities, the New Term Loan and the Notes, including balances outstanding, interest and fees, mandatory and voluntary prepayment requirements, collateral and guarantors and restrictive covenants are detailed in Note 4 , Debt , to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and in Note 12, Debt, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 26, 2024. 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate risk, investment risk, and foreign currency risk as follows: 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 
 Our exposures to market risk for changes in interest rates relate primarily to our Term Loan and our Revolving Credit Facility. The Term Loan and our Revolving Credit Facility are floating rate facilities. Therefore, fluctuations in interest rates will impact the amount of interest expense we incur and have to pay. 
 
 In March 2021, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements, each with a notional value of 250 million. Each of these swap agreements is with a different financial institution as the counterparty to reduce our counterparty risk. Each swap requires us to pay a fixed interest rate of 0.9275 in exchange for receiving one-month LIBOR. The interest rate swap agreements settle monthly commencing in April 2021 through their termination dates on April 30, 2026. In June 2023 these two interest rate swap agreements were amended, so that effective July 31, 2023 the Company will pay a fixed interest rate of 0.85 in exchange for receiving one-month Term SOFR. 
 
 In January 2023, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements, each with a notional value of 250 million. Each of these swap agreements is with a different financial institution, and each swap requires us to pay a fixed interest rate of 3.435 in exchange for receiving one-month LIBOR for six months and one-month Term SOFR afterwards. The interest rate swap agreements settle monthly commencing in February 2023 through their termination dates on February 28, 2028. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the our interest rate swap agreements is derived from a discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 We had borrowings outstanding under our Term Loan with book values of 1,808.5 million and 1,822.8 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were subject to a weighted average interest rate of 8.19 and 7.84 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. There were no borrowings against our Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 -34- 

A hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in weighted average interest rates under our Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility would have increased or decreased our interest expense by 8.3 million over a twelve-month period, including consideration of the impact the hypothetical basis point change would have had on our interest rate swap agreements. 
 
 The fair value of our Credit Facilities will generally fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. We are unable to estimate the impact on the fair value of our debt of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in weighted average interest rates. 
 
 Investment risk 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash totaling 1,147.4 million and 1,031.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We also had short-term investments of 55.8 million as of September 30, 2024. Our investment policy and strategy primarily attempts to preserve capital and meet liquidity requirements without significantly increasing risk. Our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments primarily consist of commercial papers, bank deposits and money market funds. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in rates would primarily impact interest income due to the relatively short-term nature of our investments. A hypothetical 100 bps increase or decrease in interest rates would have an immaterial impact on fair value of our short-term investments as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Foreign currency risk 
 
 Our functional currency is the U.S. Dollar and most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. Dollars. However, we have foreign currency risks related to a significant portion of our operating expenses, consisting of headcount related expenses as well as leases and certain other operating expenses, denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro EUR ), Israeli Shekel ILS ), British Pound, Euro, Polish Zloty PLN and Romanian Leu RON ). Accordingly, changes in exchange rates in the future may negatively affect our future revenues and other operating results as expressed in U.S. Dollars. Our foreign currency risk is partially mitigated as our revenues recognized in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar is diversified across geographic regions and we incur expenses in the same currencies in these regions. 
 
 We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to remeasurement of our asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had entered into derivative contracts to purchase certain foreign currencies, including EUR, ILS, RON, and PLN, at future dates. The approximate amount of hedges was equal to 200.4 million, and all contracts are expected to mature during the upcoming 12 months. 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objective that information in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified and pursuant to the requirements of the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 -35- 

In July 2024, the Company went live on a new general ledger software solution for certain of its legal entities. The Company expects the remaining entities to go live on this same solution between October 1, 2024 and January 1, 2025. There were no other changes in internal control that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, 
 -36- 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies , included in Part I. Item I of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 We have offices and other significant operations located in Israel, and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel, including the ongoing War in Israel. 
 
 While we maintain offices in the United States, we maintain offices and conduct significant operations in Israel, and most of our senior management is based in Israel. In addition, many of our employees and officers are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel directly affect our business. For example, the current political situation in Israel where the ruling parties are attempting to implement laws that essentially allow the parliament to enact laws that are preemptively immune to judicial review could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Since the establishment of the State of Israel, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries, as well as terrorist acts committed within Israel by hostile elements. In addition, recent political uprisings and conflicts in various countries in the Middle East are affecting the political stability of those countries. In addition, the tensions between Israel and Iran and certain extremist groups in the region may escalate in the future and turn violent, which could affect the Israeli economy in general and us in particular. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the region could adversely affect business conditions, could harm our results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we do business may sometimes decline to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary in order to meet our business partners face to face. In addition, the political and security situation in Israel may result in parties with whom we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated to perform their commitments under those agreements pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation in the Middle East, with limited exceptions. Although the Israeli government has in the past covered the reinstatement value of certain damages that were caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or, if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate us fully for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by us could cause a significant disruption in our employees lives and possibly put their lives at risk, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively affect business conditions generally and could harm our results of operations. Further, in the past, the State of Israel and Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still restrict business with the State of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial conditions or the expansion of our business. A campaign of boycotts, divestment and sanctions has been undertaken against Israel, which could also adversely impact our business. 
 
 On October 7, 2023, the State of Israel was attacked by Hamas, a group designated as a terrorist organization by the United States, and the State of Israel subsequently declared war on Hamas. Since that time, Israel has been engaged in armed conflict with combatants located in Gaza, the West Bank, Syria, Iran, Lebanon and Yemen. We cannot predict the outcome of developments in the War in Israel or the reaction to such developments by other countries or international authorities particularly as the conflict has triggered diplomatic rifts and protests around the world. An escalation or continuation of the conflict could result in additional military reserve duty call-ups, damage to infrastructure in Israel and other ramifications that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which factors could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or future results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors described in the Risk Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and 
 -37- 

uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, prospects or stock price. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, in each case, as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 -38- 

Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed or Furnished Herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Definition Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 __________ 
 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 -39- 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PLAYTIKA HOLDING CORP. Registrant By: /s/ Robert Antokol Robert Antokol Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board By: /s/ Craig Abrahams Craig Abrahams President and Chief Financial Officer Dated as of November 7, 2024 
 
 -40- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q3-ex311xceo302cert.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Robert Antokol, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Playtika Holding Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 By s Robert Antokol Robert Antokol Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q3-ex312xcfo302cert.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of 
 Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Craig Abrahams, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Playtika Holding Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 By s Craig Abrahams Craig Abrahams President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024q3-ex321xceo906cert.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Playtika Holding Corp. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 7, 2024 By s Robert Antokol Robert Antokol Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2024q3-ex322xcfo906cert.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of 
 Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Playtika Holding Corp. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 7, 2024 By s Craig Abrahams Craig Abrahams President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 playtika-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 playtika-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 playtika-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 playtika-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 playtika-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

