<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241118_10-Q_edgar_data_1862463_0001213900-24-099383.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6649649</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238599</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1294447</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1439111</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1667415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1903753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-099383.hdr.sgml : 20241118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241118090329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-099383
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Insight Acquisition Corp. /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001862463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				863386030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40775
		FILM NUMBER:		241469881

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 EAST 91ST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10128
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 825-2380

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 EAST 91ST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-099383.txt : 20241118

10-Q
 1
 ea0221240-10q_insight.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

INSIGHT
ACQUISITION CORP. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address Of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T( 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 15, 2024, shares of
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
were issued and outstanding. 

INSIGHT
ACQUISITION CORP. 

Form
10-Q 

For
the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 43 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 46 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from sponsor 

Due from related party 

Total current assets 

Investments held in the Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Due to investor, net of debt discount 

Due to Shareholders 

Loan payable 

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible note related party 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the Initial Public Offering 

Derivative liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and redeemable shares at approximately and per share redemption value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (excluding 519,080 and 1,000,945 shares subject to possible redemption), respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement Liability 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Interest expense debt discount 

Gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Gain on forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total other (expense) income 

(Loss) Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A Redeemable common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share, Class A Redeemable common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A Non-Redeemable common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share, Class A Non-Redeemable common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share, Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Allocated fair value of Subscription Shares in connection with Subscription Agreement 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Excise tax payable 

Fair value of shares issued in connection with Sponsor and CEO fee waiver agreements 

Fees waived in connection with the Sponsor and CEO fee waiver agreements 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Contributions from Sponsor 

Initial Value of Forward Purchase Agreement 

Class B common stock converted to Class A common stock on a one for one basis 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Excise tax payable 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Excise tax payable 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in value of derivative liabilities 

Interest expense - debt discount 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Gain on forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement 

Stock compensation expense 

Deferred tax benefit 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Due from related party 

Due from sponsor 

Due to investor 

Income tax payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Contributions from Sponsor 

Due to related party 

Proceeds from related party 

Proceeds pursuant to subscription agreement 

Capital contribution from Sponsor 

Proceeds from loan payable 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party 

Due to shareholders 

Redemption of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash beginning of the period 

Total cash and restricted cash end of the period 

Cash and restricted cash beginning of the period 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash end of the period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for franchise and income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable 

Fair Value of subscription shares 

Value of excise tax liability 

Increase in Due to Investor 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

or more businesses (the Business Combination ).
The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

The Company has one subsidiary, IAC Merger Sub
Inc., a Florida corporation Merger Sub ), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated on October 10, 2023.
As of September 30, 2024 the subsidiary had no activity. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 relates to the Company s
formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering described below and subsequent to the Initial Public
Offering, the search for a business combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its
initial Business Combination, at the earliest. On October 29, 2024, the Company held a Special Meeting of stockholders. At the Special
Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, as amended by the
First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2024. The Company generates non-operating income in the form
of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company s sponsor is Insight Acquisition
Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s Initial
Public Offering was declared effective on September 1, 2021. On September 7, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public
Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered,
the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million,
of which approximately million and approximately were for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) and offering
costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of and warrants (each,
a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. Cantor and Odeon Capital Group, LLC Odeon ), respectively, for an aggregate of Private Placement
Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating proceeds of million (see Note 4). 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in
the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial
Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts
disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only
complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

5 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per Public Share
plus pro rata interest earned in Trust Account). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public
Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5).
These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the holders of of the shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate
of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders (as defined below) agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 3) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering,
and the Anchor Investors (as defined below in Note 3) agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of a Business Combination.
In addition, the Initial Stockholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in
connection with the completion of a Business Combination. The Company s Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), is restricted
from redeeming an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation
provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )), is restricted from redeeming an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and
any other holders of the Founder Shares immediately prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Stockholders agreed
not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below)
or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity,
unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

The Anchor Investors are not entitled to (i) redemption
rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) redemption
rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Certificate of Incorporation
in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company
has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public
Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period). 

6 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On March 6, 2023 the Company held a special
meeting (the Special Meeting of stockholders. At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders were asked to vote
on the following items: (i) a proposal to amend the Charter to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business
combination for an additional one month, from March 7, 2023 to April 7, 2023 and thereafter, at the discretion of the board
of directors of the Company and without a vote of the stockholders, up to five (5) times for an additional one month each time, for
a total of up to five additional months to September 7, 2023 (the First Charter Amendment Proposal ), (ii) a proposal
to amend the Company s Charter to eliminate from the Charter the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares to the
extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1)
of the Exchange Act) of less than (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem public
shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Second Charter Amendment Proposal ),
(iii) a proposal to amend the Charter to provide for the right of a holder of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 
per share Class B Common Stock to convert such shares into shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par
value per share Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis prior to the closing of a business combination
at the election of the holder (the Third Charter Amendment Proposal and together with the First Charter Amendment Proposal
and the Second Charter Amendment Proposal, the Charter Amendment Proposals and (iv) a proposal to direct the chairman
of the Special Meeting to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to permit further solicitation and vote
of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the Special Meeting, there are not sufficient votes to approve each of the
Charter Amendment Proposals. In connection with the Extension, the holders of Class A common shares, representing approximately
 of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A common shares, elected to redeem their shares. Following such redemptions,
approximately remained in the trust account and shares of Class A Common Stock remained issued and outstanding. 

On March 28, 2023, the board of directors
of the Company approved a one-month extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination to 
and authorized management to deposit into the Trust Account for such extension. Accordingly, management deposited into
the Trust Account and the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination has been extended to May 7, 2023. On May
2, 2023, the board of directors of the Company approved an additional one-month extension to June 7, 2023 and deposited an additional
 into the Trust Account. 

On March 29, 2023, the Company entered into
a forward share purchase agreement (the Forward Share Purchase Agreement with Avila, Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I,
LP, Meteora Capital Partners, LP and Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP (collectively, Seller for an OTC Equity
Prepaid Forward Transaction (the Forward Purchase Transaction ). Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase Agreement,
Seller intends but is not obligated to purchase the Company s Class A Common Stock from holders (other than the Company or
its affiliates) who have elected to redeem such shares in connection with the Proposed Transactions. Purchases by Seller will be made
through brokers in the open market after the redemption deadline in connection with the Proposed Transactions at a price no higher than
the redemption price to be paid by the Company in connection with the Proposed Transactions (the Initial Price ). The Shares
purchased by the Seller, other than the Share Consideration Shares are referred to herein as the Recycled Shares. The Seller
also may sell shares of the Company Class A Common Stock purchased in the Company s initial public offering IPO
Shares in the Forward Purchase Transaction, up to a maximum of shares of Class A Common Stock (including any Recycled
Shares). 

On April 3, 2023, the Company entered into
a Business Combination Agreement Avila BCA with Avila Energy Corporation, an Alberta corporation Avila ),
pursuant to which the Company will acquire Avila for consideration of shares of the Company following its redomicile into the Province
of Alberta. The business combination agreement and related executed agreements included supporting agreements and a forward share purchase
agreement are more fully described and filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 4, 2023. 

7 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

in partial reimbursement of expenses incurred
by the Company in connection with the Avila BCA (the Avila Payment ). The Avila Payment is due and payable as follows: 

On August 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to the Sponsor, in exchange for the Sponsor advancing
 to the Company to fund six one-month extensions of the amount of time the Company has to complete its initial business combination,
from March 7, 2023 to September 7, 2023. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination
by the Company. In addition, at the option of the holder, the Note may be paid by the Company through the issuance of private placement
warrants of the Company at a price of per unit. The loan will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the
Company s trust account, by the Sponsor, if Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination. On November 6, 2023,
the Company and the Sponsor entered into a written agreement (the Rescission Agreement to rescind and nullify that certain
promissory note in the principal amount of and executed on August 17, 2023 (the Note pursuant to which the Company
agreed to pay the Sponsor the principal amount of subject to the terms and conditions of the Note. Upon execution and delivery
of the Rescission Agreement, the Note, in its entirety, is hereby irrevocably rescinded, abrogated, cancelled and rendered null and void
ab initio and of no force or effect whatsoever, and the positions among the Company and the Sponsor shall be restored to what would have
existed had they not entered into the Note. 

As approved by its stockholders at the annual
meeting of stockholders held on September 6, 2023 (the Annual Meeting ), the Company filed a Second Amendment (the Second
Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter with the Delaware Secretary of
State on September 6, 2023 to modify the terms and extend Combination Period by which the Company has to consummate an initial business
combination (the Business Combination from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser
of and for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account,
as defined in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Annual Meeting, 
shares were tendered for redemption in exchange for a total redemption payment of . 

 On September 7, 2023, October 7, 2023, November 7, 2023, December 15,
2023, January 5, 2024, February 2, 2024, February 7, 2024, March 20, 2024 and May 6, 2024, the Company deposited into the Trust
Account on each date, to extend the Business Combination Period from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024. On June 6, 2024, July 31, 2024,
August 21, 2024, September 11, 2024, October 7, 2024, and November 15, 2024, the Company deposited or for each outstanding
share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account on each date to extend the Business Combination
Period from June 7, 2024 to November 7, 2024. The Company will deposit an additional amount of or for each outstanding share
of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account on or before the closing date of the Business
Combination to extend the Business Combination Period to December 7, 2024. 

8 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock to be delivered at the closing of the proposed business combination between
the Company and Alpha Modus Corp., the Sponsor and Michael Singer agreed to waive all amounts due to them now and in the future under
the Sponsor Payment Agreement and Management Payment Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in the Waiver Agreement. 

On June 5, 2024, the Company held a special meeting
of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting the Company s stockholders approved the filing of a
Third Amendment (the Third Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter with the Delaware Secretary of State to modify the terms and extend time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination
(the Business Combination from June 7, 2024 to December 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of 
and for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account, as defined
in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Special Meeting and the planned filing
of the Third Amendment, shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value per share, were tendered for redemption. 

 On September 27, 2024, the Company received the Notice from the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), stating that the Company did not comply with Nasdaq Interpretive Material IM-5101-2, and that
its securities are now subject to delisting. The Company s registration statement filed in connection with the Company s IPO
became effective on September 1, 2021. Pursuant to IM-5101-2, the Company, a special purpose acquisition company, must complete one or
more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. Since the Company failed to complete
its initial business combination by September 1, 2024, the Company did not comply with IM5101-2, and its securities are now subject to
delisting. Unless the Company requests an appeal of this determination by October 4, 2024, trading of the Company s securities will
be suspended at the opening of business on October 8, 2024, and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on The Nasdaq Stock Market. The
Company appealed the determination contained in the Notice and a hearing on the appeal was scheduled for November 14, 2024 (the Hearing ).
The Hearing was held on November 14, 2024 and the Company requested an extension until December 31, 2024 to complete the Business Combination.
The Company is waiting for the decision on its appeal. 

The Initial Stockholders agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission
(see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available
for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only . In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target ),
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per
Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due
to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

9 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been
given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any share redemption or other share repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the
excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension
vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount
of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with
a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. 

During the second quarter of 2024, the Internal
Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. These regulations provided that the
filing and payment deadline for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 would be October
31, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to this obligation. Any amount of such excise tax not paid in full,
will be subject to additional interest and penalties which are currently estimated at interest per annum and a underpayment penalty
per month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

The Company held a meeting on March 6, 2023 where
the stockholders voted to approve a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend
the Combination Period, from March 7, 2023, monthly for up to six additional months at the election of the Company, ultimately until as
late as September 7, 2023 (the Extension , and such extension date the Extended Date ). In connection with the
March 6, 2023 meeting, shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed with a total redemption payment of . 

The Company held its annual meeting on September
6, 2023 where the stockholders voted to approve a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to extend the Combination Period, from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of and
 for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account, as defined
in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Annual Meeting, shares were
tendered for redemption in exchange for a total redemption payment of . 

The Company held a special meeting on June 5,
2024 where the stockholders voted to approve a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to extend the Combination Period, from June 7, 2024 to December 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of and
 for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account, as defined
in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Special Meeting, shares were
tendered for redemption in exchange for a total redemption payment of . 

As a result, the Company booked a liability of
 for the excise tax based on of shares redeemed during the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the excise tax based
on of shares redeemed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For interim periods, an entity is not required to estimate future
stock repurchases and stock issuances to measure its excise tax obligation. Rather, an entity can generally record the obligation on an
as-incurred basis. In other words, the excise tax obligation recognized at the end of a quarterly financial reporting period is calculated
as if the end of the quarterly period was the end of the annual period for which the excise tax obligation is payable. 

10 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

11 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

in
its operating bank account available to pay operating expenses and working capital deficit of . 

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor to cover for certain offering
costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 3), and the loan from the Sponsor of
approximately under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid of Note balance on September 7, 2021 and
repaid the remaining balance of approximately in full on September 13, 2021, at which time the Note was terminated. Subsequent
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

On August 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to the Sponsor, in exchange for the Sponsor advancing
 to the Company to fund six one-month extensions of the amount of time the Company has to complete its initial business combination,
from March 7, 2023 to September 7, 2023. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination
by the Company. In addition, at the option of the holder, the Note may be paid by the Company through the issuance of private placement
warrants of the Company at a price of per unit. The loan will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the
Company s trust account, by the Sponsor, if Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination. On November 6, 2023,
the Company and the Sponsor entered into a written agreement (the Rescission Agreement to rescind and nullify that certain
promissory note in the principal amount of and executed on August 17, 2023 (the Note pursuant to which the Company
agreed to pay the Sponsor the principal amount of subject to the terms and conditions of the Note. Upon execution and delivery
of the Rescission Agreement, the Note, in its entirety, is hereby irrevocably rescinded, abrogated, cancelled and rendered null and void
ab initio and of no force or effect whatsoever, and the positions among the Company and the Sponsor shall be restored to what would have
existed had they not entered into the Note. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company, Sponsor and
Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund Polar ), an investor, entered into an agreement (the Subscription
Agreement in which Polar has agreed to fund the Sponsor up to , pursuant to written draw down requests (a
 Capital Call ), and the Sponsor will in turn loan such funds to the Company, to cover the Company s working
capital expenses (each a Sponsor Loan ). On May 15, 2024, the Company, Sponsor and Polar entered into Amendment No. 1
to the Subscription Agreement (the Amendment pursuant to which Polar s aggregate advance under the Subscription
Agreement was reduced from to (see Note 6). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Polar funded Sponsor
additional under the Subscription Agreement and the Sponsor loaned the Company from Polar. For the year ended
December 31, 2023, Polar funded Sponsor under the Subscription Agreement and the Sponsor loaned the Company 
from Polar. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were outstanding amounts of and due to
Polar, respectively. 

On July 25, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to a related party, the Note being entered into
in consideration of two transfers made by Jeffrey J. Gary to the Maker on April 18, 2024 for and on May 22, 2024 for .
The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination by the Company. The principal balance
may be repaid at any time. The principal balance shall be payable by the Company either: (i) in cash, or (ii) at the Payee s election
in writing, by issuance of Maker s private placement warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a price of per Private
Warrant. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at per share. As of September 30,
2024, there was outstanding amount under this Note included on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until December 7, 2024 (extended
monthly through extension payments), to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate
a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from
its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not
obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion,
to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company
is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but
not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a Business Combination. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing
will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory
liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management intends to complete a Business Combination by close of business on December 7, 2024.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December
7, 2024. 

12 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of restricted
cash to be used to pay for taxes as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

13 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

additional Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. The Company estimated the fair value of the over-allotment
option using a Black-Scholes model. On October 16, 2021, the over-allotment option expired unexercised. 

14 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

as capital call loan recorded as
a due to investor under condensed consolidated balance sheets, was recorded as additional paid-in capital and 
was recognized as debt discount due to investor which was amortized as interest expense in the profit and loss over the life of
the loan. 

to and in the event the Company consummates the business combination with Alpha Modus Corp., then the Company will not be obligated
to issue to Polar one (1) share of the Company s Class A Common Stock for each dollar Polar advances to the Company under at Subscription
Agreement at the closing of the business combination. However, if the Company consummates a business combination with an entity other
than Alpha Modus, Corp., then the Company is obligated to issue to Polar one (1) share of the Company s Class A Common Stock for
each dollar Polar advances to the Company under at Subscription Agreement at the closing of the business combination with an entity other
than Alpha Modus, Corp. After the amendment. 

. As of September 30, 2024, the Company drew an additional
 as a capital call loan and recorded it as a due to investor on the condensed consolidated balance sheet, and 
was allocated as fair value of the bundled subscription share. 

 under the Subscription Agreement and recorded the amount as due to investor. No value was allocated to subscription share
liability on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the Company received under
the Subscription Agreement and recorded the amount as a due to investor, net of debt discount of , on the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheet. 

15 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

and as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

and was recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
and amounts of approximately and were recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There
were unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company recognizes accrued interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has been subject to income tax examinations by major
taxing authorities since inception. 

and shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are presented at redemption value as
temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

16 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted (loss) income per share, because
their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result,
diluted net (loss) income per share is the same as basic net (loss) income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

17 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Units, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
 million, of which approximately million and approximately were for deferred underwriting commissions and
offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities, respectively. 

Of the Units sold in the Initial Public
Offering, Units were purchased by certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors which are not
affiliated with any member of the Company management (the Anchor Investors ). In connection with the sale of Units to the
Anchor Investors, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of the Company s Class B common stock held by the Sponsor
(the Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors at a price of approximately per Founder Share. The Company determined
that the excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares acquired by the Anchor Investors over the price paid by such Anchor Investors
should be recognized as an offering cost in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. The Company estimated the fair value
of the Founder Shares sold to the Anchor Investors to be per share or an aggregate of approximately million, based on
third-party transactions in the Sponsor s equity interests. Accordingly, the offering cost is allocated to the separable financial
instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering
costs allocated to the Public Warrants are expensed as incurred. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares are charged against the
carrying value of Class A common stock upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover
over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 16, 2021,
the over-allotment option expired unexercised. 

on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of shares of the Company s Founder
Shares, par value per share. On July 29, 2021, , resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding. In connection with the sale of Units to
the Anchor Investors, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors, as described in Note 3, above. The Sponsor
agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters,
so that the Founder Shares will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering.
On October 16, 2021, the over-allotment option expired unexercised. As such, shares of Class B common stock were forfeited. 

On March 22, 2023, shares of Class B
common stock were exchanged for an equal number of shares of Class A common stock. Such shares are not entitled to redemption rights. 

The Initial Stockholders agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (ii) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the
right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A
common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup. 

18 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

to the Company for no consideration. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of and Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and
Cantor and Odeon, respectively, for an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant,
generating proceeds of million. 

Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and the underwriters was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
Except as set forth below, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long
as they are held by the Sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted transferees. 

The Sponsor, the underwriters and the Company s
officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants
until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Related Party Loans 

On April 30, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to
loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note
(the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company
borrowed approximately under the Note. On September 7, 2021, the Company repaid of Note balance and repaid the
remaining balance of approximately in full on September 13, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer
available to the Company. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be
identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Services Agreement 

 On September 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to or incurred by members of the Company s management team until the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and the Company s liquidation. On June 21, 2024, the Company entered into a fee waiver agreement with the Sponsor and a member of the management team whereas shares of the post Business Combination entity shall be issued in full satisfaction of all compensation through March 31, 2024 and in the future. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred approximately and , respectively, under the services agreement in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were included in due to related party on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

19 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per month, through the earlier of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination or its liquidation, to members of the Company s management team for services rendered to the Company. In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or the Company s or their affiliates. On April 21, 2024, all deferred compensation owed to Mr. Gary by the Company to date, in the aggregate amount of , shall be forfeited and henceforth shall cease to accrue per month in service fees currently recorded in due to related party on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. On June 21, 2024, the Company entered into a fee waiver agreement with the Sponsor and a member of the management team whereas shares of the post Business Combination entity shall be issued in full satisfaction of all compensation through March 31, 2024 and in the future. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately and , respectively, under the services agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred approximately and , respectively, under the services agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were included in due to related party on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

The agreement will be accounted for under ASC
718 and the Company recorded a stock compensation expense for the fair value of the shares to be issued in excess of the fair value of
the liability recorded as of September 30, 2024. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the shares of the post Business
Combination attributable to the member of the management team in full satisfaction of all compensation and administrative fees through
March 31, 2024 and in the future to be or per share. The fair value of the post Business Combination shares was based
on the publicly traded share price of the Company as of the date of the agreement. 

Convertible Promissory Note Related
Party 

On August 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to the Sponsor, in exchange for the Sponsor advancing
 to the Company to fund six one-month extensions of the amount of time the Company has to complete its initial business combination,
from March 7, 2023 to September 7, 2023. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination
by the Company. In addition, at the option of the holder, the Note may be paid by the Company through the issuance of private placement
warrants of the Company at a price of per unit. The loan will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the
Company s trust account, by the Sponsor, if Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination. As of September 30,
2024 there was no amount drawn from the promissory note and on November 6, 2023 the Company and the Sponsor entered into a written agreement
to rescind and nullify the promissory note. 

On July 25, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to a related party, the Note being entered into
in consideration of two transfers made by Jeffrey J. Gary to the Maker on April 18, 2024 for and on May 22, 2024 for .
The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination by the Company. The principal balance
may be repaid at any time. The principal balance shall be payable by the Company either: (i) in cash, or (ii) at the Payee s election
in writing, by issuance of Maker s private placement warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a price of per Private
Warrant. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at per share. As of September 30,
2024, there was outstanding under this Note included on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

20 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

to the Company of which was deposited to the Trust to extend the Business Combination Period from April 7,
2023 to September 7, 2023 based on the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as amended on March 6, 2023 allowing the Company
to consummate an initial business combination from March 7, 2023 to September 7, 2023, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of
 and for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account,
as defined in the Charter for each one-month extension and was deposited to the Trust to extend the Business Combination period
from September 7, 2023 to October 7, 2023 based on the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as amended on September 6, 2023
allowing the Company to consummate an initial business combination from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits
the lesser of and for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the
Trust Account, as defined in the Charter for each one-month extension. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and
 were included in due to related party on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

Due from Related Party 

On July 20, 2023 and August 7, 2023, a total of
 was transferred to the Sponsor from the operating bank account, of which a total of was paid back on October 10, 2023,
October 11, 2023 and December 13, 2023. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2023 the Sponsor paid operating expenses
on behalf of the Company with a total value of which has been netted against the amount owed. During the nine months ended September
30, 2024, a total of was paid back. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were amounts of and outstanding from the Sponsor, respectively. 

Due from Sponsor 

Between March 2, 2023 and December 5, 2023,
the Company withdrew an aggregate amount of from the Trust Account pursuant to seven separate written withdrawal requests
to Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Continental ), the trustee for the Trust Account for the payment of taxes.
While the Company paid an aggregate amount of for tax payments, the remaining amount of , that was withdrawn
from the Trust Account for tax purposes, was used to pay other business expenses of the Company. On March 15, 2024, the Sponsor
deposited into the Trust Account, and on March 26, 2024, the Sponsor deposited an additional amount into the
Trust Account to reimburse the Trust Account for interest that would have earned on the that was erroneously withdrawn
from the Trust Account of which was accrued as of December 31, 2023. From March 11, 2024 through March 14, 2024, the Sponsor
transferred an aggregate of to fund amounts transferred to the Trust Account. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
Polar funded Sponsor an additional under the Subscription Agreement and the Sponsor loaned the Company from Polar. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were amounts of and outstanding from the Sponsor, respectively. 

21 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional
fee of per unit, or million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
If the underwriters over-allotment option was fully exercised, per over-allotment unit, or up to an additional approximately
 million, or approximately million in the aggregate, would have been deposited in the Trust Account as deferred underwriting
commissions. On October 16, 2021, the over-allotment option expired unexercised. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

On March 28, 2023, the Company received a waiver
from one of the underwriters of its Initial Public Offering pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to million
of its million deferred underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. As a result, the
Company recognized of gain on forgiveness of underwriting fee payable and toward Class A redeemable shares in
relation to the forgiveness of the deferred underwriter fee allocated to the underwriter in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter also agreed that the remainder of the deferred underwriting fee
of million will be payable upon the consummation of the business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, was outstanding under deferred underwriting fee payable. 

Also in March 2023, the Company entered into an
agreement with Odeon Capital Group, LLC Odeon ), the other IPO Underwriter, pursuant to which Odeon agreed to irrevocably
forfeit million of the deferred underwriting discount of million that Odeon was previously entitled to receive at the closing
of the Business Combination. Such remaining million of deferred underwriting discount was to be payable in cash to Odeon at the closing
of the Business Combination. 

On June 20, 2024, the Company entered into agreements
with its underwriters, pursuant to which its underwriters agreed to accept a total of shares at the closing of the Business Combination
in full satisfaction of the remaining million of deferred underwriting discount that was payable in cash to the underwriters at the
closing of the Business Combination. The Company s agreements with its underwriters are subject to certain conditions which result
in the Company recording the impact of the agreements at the closing of the Business Combination. 

Forward Share Purchase Agreement 

On March 29, 2023, the Company entered into
a forward share purchase agreement (the Forward Share Purchase Agreement with Avila, Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I,
LP, Meteora Capital Partners, LP and Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP (collectively, Seller for an OTC Equity
Prepaid Forward Transaction (the Forward Purchase Transaction ). Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase Agreement,
Seller intends but is not obligated to purchase shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock from holders (other than SPAC or its affiliates)
who have elected to redeem such shares in connection with the Proposed Transactions. Purchases by Seller will be made through brokers
in the open market after the redemption deadline in connection with the Proposed Transactions at a price no higher than the redemption
price to be paid by SPAC in connection with the Proposed Transactions (the Initial Price ). The Shares purchased by the Seller,
other than the Share Consideration Shares are referred to herein as the Recycled Shares. The Seller also may sell 
shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock purchased in the SPAC s initial public offering IPO Shares in the Forward
Purchase Transaction, up to a maximum of shares of Class A Common Stock (including any Recycled Shares). The Forward Share
Purchase Agreement was terminated as a result of the termination of the Avila BCA on August 10, 2023, as described below. 

22 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

in partial reimbursement of expenses incurred
by the Company in connection with the Avila BCA (the Avila Payment ). The Avila Payment is due and payable as follows: 1)
up to immediately upon Avila s receipt of net proceeds from any financing, public or private, in excess of U.S. ,
-or- (2) (i) by December 1, 2023, (ii) by February 1, 2024 and (iii) by April 1, 2024. Management does not believe
that Avila has the funds to pay the reimbursement of expenses in connection with the Avila BCA and believes it to be uncollectible. The
Company has fully allowed for the receivable from Avila for the reimbursement of expenses in connection with the Avila BCA as of September
30, 2024. 

Effective as of October 13, 2023, the Company,
IAC Merger Sub Inc., a Florida corporation Merger Sub and Alpha Modus, Corp., a Florida corporation Alpha Modus ),
entered into a business combination agreement and plan of merger (the AM BCA pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with
and into Alpha Modus with Alpha Modus as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Board of
Directors of the Company (the Board has unanimously approved and declared advisable the AM BCA, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated thereby (the Proposed Transactions ). A copy of the AM BCA is filed as Exhibit 2.1 in the Current
Report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2023. In connection with entering into the AM BCA, in October 2023, the Company formed IAC Merger
Sub Inc, a Florida corporation. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company, Alpha Modus and
Merger Sub entered into an amendment to the AM BCA (the BCA Amendment ). The BCA Amendment (i) provides that each share of
Alpha Modus shares common stock outstanding prior to the business combination will be exchanged for the right to receive
1 share of IAC Class A common stock, and a contingent right to receive a pro rata portion of the earnout shares; (ii) provides
that each share of Alpha Modus shares Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding prior to the business
combination will be exchanged for the right to receive 1 share of IAC Series C Preferred Stock (having substantially the same rights as
the Alpha Modus Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock), and a contingent right to receive a pro rata portion of the 
earnout shares; (iii) eliminates the closing condition that the combined company is obligated to pay off the indebtedness of Polar Multi-Strategy
Master Fund Polar ), up to a maximum of , and the indebtedness of Janbella Group, LLC s Janbella ),
up to a maximum of , at closing of the business combination; (iv) eliminates the combined company s obligation to issue
each of Polar and Janbella at closing a number of shares of common stock equal to the amount of indebtedness paid off divided by ;
(v) requires the combined company to issue the following shares of common stock at closing: (a) shares to Janbella, (b) 
shares to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., (c) shares to Odeon Group, LLC, and (d) shares to Michael Singer; and (vi) extends
the Outside Date (the date by which the business combination must occur, after which either the Company or Alpha Modus may
terminate the AM BCA by providing written notice to the other) to September 9, 2024, from June 7, 2024. 

On October 29, 2024, the Company held a Special
Meeting of stockholders. At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Business Combination Agreement, dated as
of October 13, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2024, by and among
the Company, IAC Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), and Alpha Modus, Corp. Alpha Modus ), and approve the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger of Merger Sub with and into Alpha Modus, with Alpha Modus continuing as the surviving corporation
and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Business Combination ), approved the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended (the IAC Charter ), in connection with the closing of the Business Combination,
by adopting the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Charter ), which includes
the authorization to issue and designation of new shares of preferred stock as Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock ,
and the stockholders also approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
as well as the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company s Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement for purposes of complying with the applicable listing
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting, shares were tendered
for redemption. 

Subscription Agreement 

On August 30, 2023, the Company, Sponsor and Polar
Multi-Strategy Master Fund Polar ), an investor, entered into an agreement (the Subscription Agreement in
which Polar has agreed to fund the Sponsor up to , pursuant to written draw down requests (a Capital Call ), and
the Sponsor will in turn loan such funds to the Company, to cover the Company s working capital expenses (each a Sponsor
Loan ). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Polar funded Sponsor additional under the Subscription Agreement
and the Sponsor loaned the Company from Polar. For the year ended December 31, 2023, Polar funded Sponsor under
the Subscription Agreement and the Sponsor loaned the Company from Polar. All subsequent Capital Calls are subject to the mutual
consent of the Company, Sponsor and Polar. All Capital Calls funded by Polar shall not accrue interest and are repayable by the Sponsor
at the closing of the Company s initial business combination. At the option of Polar, all Capital Calls funded by Polar may be repaid
by the Company through the issuance of one share of Class A Common Stock for each of the outstanding Capital Calls funded by Polar.
Sponsor is also responsible to reimburse Polar for its reasonable attorney s fees incurred in connection with the Subscription Agreement
up to . In the event, a business combination does not occur and the Company liquidates, then all Capital Calls funded by Polar out
of cash held in the Sponsor s bank accounts and/or the Company s bank accounts, excluding the Company s Trust Account.
The Sponsor Loans shall not accrue interest and shall be repaid by the Company at the closing of the business combination. 

23 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock for each that Polar has funded under the Capital Calls as of the date of
such Default and shall be required repeat such issuance for each month the such Default continues. 

On May 15, 2024, the Company, Sponsor and Polar
entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Subscription Agreement (the Amendment pursuant to which Polar s aggregate advance under
the Subscription Agreement was reduced from to and in the event the Company consummates the business combination with
Alpha Modus Corp., then the Company will not be obligated to issue to Polar (1) share of the Company s Class A Common Stock
for each dollar Polar advances to the Company under at Subscription Agreement at the closing of the business combination. However, if
the Company consummates a business combination with an entity other than Alpha Modus, Corp., then the Company is obligated to issue to
Polar one (1) share of the Company s Class A Common Stock for each dollar Polar advances to the Company under at Subscription Agreement
at the closing of the business combination with an entity other than Alpha Modus, Corp. (the Subscription Shares ). The Subscription
Shares shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs, or other contingencies. The Subscription
Shares (i) to the extent feasible and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations shall be registered as part of any registration
statement issuing shares before or in connection with the closing of the business combination or (ii) if no such registration statement
is filed in connection with the closing of the business combination, shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement
filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the closing of the business combination, which shall be filed no later than 30
days after the closing of the business combination and declared effective no later than 90 days after the closing of the business combination.
Sponsor shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any securities owned by the Sponsor until the Subscription Shares have been transferred
to the Investor and the registration statement has been made effective. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders
of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. In connection with the Extensions on March 6,
2023, September 6, 2023 and June 5, 2024, the holders of , and Class A common shares, representing approximately
 , and , respectively, of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A common shares, elected to redeem their shares.
Following such redemptions, approximately will remain in the trust account and shares of Class A Common Stock
subject to possible redemption will remain issued and outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 
and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding at and redemption value, respectively,
all of which were subject to possible redemption. 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Due to shareholder 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Plus: 

Waiver of underwriting fee allocated to Class A Common Stock 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Due to shareholder 

Plus: 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2024 

24 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock - The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively.
All shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 6). On March 22,
2023, shares of Class B common stock were exchanged for an equal number of shares of Class A common stock. Such
shares are not entitled to redemption rights. 

Class B Common Stock - The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class B common stock and holders of Class A
common stock will vote together as a single class, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule. 

The Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the total number of shares of Class A
common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by Public
Stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights
exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans,
provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

and Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively, outstanding. 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole
number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of a Business Combination; provided that the Company has an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a
cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts
to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or
are redeemed. If a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company s shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its best efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

25 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price
of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith
by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account
any Founder Shares held by the Initial Stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued
Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market
Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below under
 Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until the completion of a Business Combination, subject
to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, except as set forth below, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long
as they are held by the Sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone
other than the Sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company
and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Redemption of warrants . Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash (except as described herein with respect to
the Private Placement Warrants): 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and 

if,
and only if, the closing price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days
within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders. 

September 30, 2024 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities-public warrants 

Derivative liabilities-private warrants 

26 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities-public warrants 

Derivative liabilities-private warrants 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized
at the beginning of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement
to a Level 1 fair value measurement on October 1, 2021 because the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded in an active
market. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 1 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement
in September 2022, due to the limited trading activity of the Public Warrants at September 30, 2022 through December 31, 2023. The
Private Placement Warrants were transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 measurement in September 2022, as the Public
and Private Placement Warrants are viewed as economically equivalent. There were no transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the
nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Level 1 assets include investments in U.S.
Treasury securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields and quoted market prices from dealers or brokers. 

or for each
outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account to extend the Business Combination
Period from September 7, 2024 to October 7, 2024. On November 15, 2024, the Company deposited or for each outstanding share
of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account to extend the Business Combination Period from
October 7, 2024 to November 7, 2024. The Company will deposit an additional amount of or for each outstanding share of common
stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account on or before the closing date of the Business Combination
to extend the Business Combination Period to December 7, 2024. 

On October 14, 2024, the Company held its Special
Meeting for the purpose of approving the proposals set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on September 18, 2024 (the Proxy Statement ). The only matter presented at the Special Meeting was
to adjourn the Special Meeting to Tuesday, October 29, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. The Chairman proposed to adjourn the Special Meeting to Tuesday,
October 29, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. and shares of common stock of the Company were voted in favor of the adjournment, and that such
number constituted a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled
to vote and voted at the Special Meeting. Accordingly, the Special Meeting was adjourned to Tuesday, October 29, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. 

In connection with the adjournment of the Special
Meeting, the Company also extended the deadline for stockholders of the Company to exercise their redemption rights to Friday, October
25, 2024 at 5:00 p.m. Accordingly, all stockholders have until October 25, 2024 at 5:00 p.m. to redeem their shares and any stockholder
who has previously tendered its shares for redemption and now decides that it does not want to redeem its shares may withdraw such redemption
request. 

On October 23, 2024, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the Investor ), an
entity controlled by John M. Fife, pursuant to which the Company will sell, and the Investor will purchase, a secured convertible promissory
note in the original principal amount of (the Note for a net purchase price of (after deducting
an original issue discount of , and payment of for the Investor s legal, accounting, due diligence, asset monitoring,
and other transaction expenses), which is anticipated to close on the date that the Company closes its business combination (the Business
Combination with Alpha Modus, Corp. Alpha Modus ). 

27 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

to the Company, with the Company s consent, through the date that is six months following repayment of the Note in full (the Reinvestment
Right ), and (ii) the exclusive right, on customary market terms, to enter into an equity line of credit or other similar financing
arrangement with the Company for at least , through the date that is one year following the Purchase Price Date (defined below).
Pursuant the SPA, Alpha Modus is required to guarantee all of the Company s obligations under the Note and related transaction documents
pursuant to a guaranty agreement (the Guaranty ), and the Note will also be secured by security agreements (the Security
Agreements by and between the Investor and both the Company and Alpha Modus, granting the Investor first priority security
interests in all assets of the Company, as well as all assets of Alpha Modus, including all of Alpha Modus intellectual property
(and including Alpha Modus patent portfolio) pursuant to a separate intellectual property security agreement (the IP
Security Agreement ). Additionally, the Company and Alpha Modus (collectively the Borrowers ), and William
Alessi, his entity, Janbella Group, LLC, and the trusts deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Alessi (each a Capital Party 
and collectively the Capital Parties ), are required to execute at closing a subordination and voting agreement (the
 Subordination Agreement pursuant to which (i) all of the Borrowers indebtedness and obligations to each Capital
Party will be subordinated to Investor, (ii) all security interests of any Capital Party will be subordinate to Investor s security
interests, (iii) the Borrowers will not make any payments to any Capital Party, (iv) none of the Capital Parties will accelerate any subordinated
debt or equity, (v) and no Capital Party will convert or exchange their preferred stock of the Company into Common Stock, until such time
as the Investor has been fully paid and all financing agreements between the Investor and the Borrowers are terminated. 

The Note will mature 18 months following the
date the purchase price is delivered to the Company (the Purchase Price Date ), will accrue interest of per
annum, will be prepayable (after providing trading notice) at a premium to the then-outstanding balance of the
Note, and will be convertible into Class A common stock Common Stock of the Company as described below.
Within 30 days of the Purchase Price Date, the Company will be obligated to file a registration statement on Form S-1 with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC registering a number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Note in an amount no less than two times the number of shares of Common Stock necessary to convert the outstanding
balance under the Note in full as of the date the Company files the registration statement. If the registration statement is not
declared effective by the SEC within 120 days of the Purchase Price Date, the outstanding balance under the Note will automatically
increase by percent and will continue increasing by percent every 30 days thereafter until the registration statement is
declared effective or the Investor is able to sell shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note pursuant to Rule 144
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If by the date that of the shares registered under the registration statement have
been issued to Investor (such date, the Trigger Date the Note has not yet been repaid in full, the Company
will be obligated to file an additional registration statement registering additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Note within 30 days of the Trigger Date. If that additional registration statement is not declared effective by
the SEC within 120 days of the Trigger Date, the outstanding balance under the Note will automatically increase by percent and
will continue increasing by percent every 30 days thereafter until the additional registration statement is declared
effective. 

The Note will be convertible at the election of
the Investor into shares of Common Stock at any time following the earlier of the effective date of the registration statement described
above or one year following the Purchase Price Date, at a conversion price equal to multiplied by the lowest daily volume-weighted
average price during the trading preceding conversion, and provided that (i) the Investor may not convert the Note into shares
of Common Stock to the extent that such conversion would result in the Investor s beneficial ownership of Common Stock being in
excess of (or if the Company s market capitalization is less than million), and provided that (ii) the Note is not
convertible into a total cumulative number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the number of shares of Common Stock permitted by Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635 (the Exchange Cap ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note, the Company will, within 120 days of the
Purchase Price Date, seek shareholder approval of the Note and the issuance of shares of Common Stock, issuable upon conversion of the
Note and pursuant to the Reinvestment Right, in excess of the Exchange Cap (the Shareholder Approvals ). If such shareholder
approval is not obtained within 120 days, the Company will continue to seek shareholder approval every three months thereafter until shareholder
approval is obtained. Pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, each Capital Party is required to vote all of their shares of Company stock
in favor of the Shareholder Approvals. Under the SPA, the Company is required to initially reserve shares of its Common Stock
for issuance to the Investor under the Note, and the Company is required to add additional shares to the reserve in increments of 
shares when requested by the Investor if at the time of the request the number of shares being held in reserve is less than three times
the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the outstanding balance under the Note divided by the applicable conversion price at that
time. 

On October 29, 2024, the Company held a Special
Meeting of stockholders. At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Business Combination Agreement, dated as
of October 13, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2024, by and among
the Company, IAC Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), and Alpha Modus, Corp. Alpha Modus ), and approve the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger of Merger Sub with and into Alpha Modus, with Alpha Modus continuing as the surviving corporation
and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Business Combination ), approved the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended (the IAC Charter ), in connection with the closing of the Business Combination,
by adopting the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Charter ), which includes
the authorization to issue and designation of new shares of preferred stock as Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock ,
and the stockholders also approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
as well as the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company s Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement for purposes of complying with the applicable listing
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting, shares were tendered
for redemption. 

28 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, Insight
Acquisition Corp., Insight, our, us or we refer to Insight Acquisition
Corp.. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the unaudited interim condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Some of the statements contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other factors: 

we have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance following our initial public offering IPO and 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, in our filings with the SEC and in our final prospectus relating to our IPO, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

29 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on April 20, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination that we have not yet identified. Our sponsor
is Insight Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 

Our registration statement for our IPO was declared
effective on September 1, 2021. On September 7, 2021, we consummated an IPO of 24,000,000 Units (and with respect to the Class A
common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of 240.0 million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately 17.5 million, of which approximately 12.0 million and approximately 668,000
was for deferred underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities, respectively. Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 7,500,000 and 1,200,000
warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), to the Sponsor
and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Odeon Group, LLC, respectively, for an aggregate of 8,700,000 Private Placement Warrants, at
a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating proceeds of 8.7 million. 

Upon the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement,
 241.2 million 10.05 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and of the Private Placement Warrants in
the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of
the Trust Account as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the
net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination by December 7, 2023 (the Combination Period ), which may be extended by our board of directors in their sole
discretion on a monthly basis, by depositing 20,000 per month into the Trust Account, up to and including to June 7, 2024, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000
of such interest may be used to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The issuance of additional shares in a Business
Combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock. 

30 

Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur
significant debt, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Initial Proposed Business Combination 

On April 3, 2023, the Company, Avila Amalco
Sub Inc., an Alberta corporation Amalco Sub and Avila Energy Corporation, an Alberta corporation Avila ),
entered into a business combination agreement (the Avila BCA pursuant to which the Company will acquire Avila for consideration
of shares of the Company following its redomicile into the Province of Alberta. The terms of the Avila BCA, which contained customary
representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and other terms relating to the mergers and the other transactions contemplated
thereby, are summarized below. The Company s entry into the Avila BCA was previously disclosed in the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K, which was filed on April 4, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

On August 10, 2023, the Company and Avila entered
into a Letter Agreement providing for the mutual termination of the Avila BCA. The Letter Agreement provides for the mutual release of
claims against the other party and also provides that Avila will pay to SPAC 300,000 in partial reimbursement of expenses incurred by
SPAC in connection with the Avila BCA (the Avila Payment ). The Avila Payment is due and payable as follows: 1) up to 300,000
immediately upon Avila s receipt of net proceeds from any financing, public or private, in excess of U.S. 3,000,000, -or- (2) (i)
 50,000 by December 1, 2023, (ii) 100,000 by February 1, 2024 and (iii) 150,000 by April 1, 2024. The termination of the Avila BCA was
previously disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, which was filed on August 11, 2023, and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

31 

As previously disclosed, on March 29, 2023,
the Company entered into a forward share purchase agreement (the Forward Share Purchase Agreement with Avila, Meteora Special
Opportunity Fund I, LP, Meteora Capital Partners, LP and Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP (collectively, Seller for an OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (the Forward Purchase Transaction ). The Forward Share Purchase Agreement was
terminated as a result of the termination of the Avila BCA on August 10, 2023, as described above. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company, Sponsor and Polar
Multi-Strategy Master Fund Polar ), an investor, entered into an agreement (the Subscription Agreement in which
Polar has agreed to fund the Sponsor up to 1,000,000, pursuant to written draw down requests (a Capital Call ), and the
Sponsor will in turn loan such funds to the Company, to cover the Company s working capital expenses (each a Sponsor Loan ).
In September 2023, Polar funded Sponsor 150,000 under the Subscription Agreement and the Sponsor loaned the Company 150,000 from Polar.
All subsequent Capital Calls are subject to the mutual consent of the Company, Sponsor and Polar. All Capital Calls funded by Polar shall
not accrue interest and are repayable by the Sponsor at the closing of the Company s initial business combination. At the option
of Polar, all Capital Calls funded by Polar may be repaid by the Company through the issuance of 1 share of Class A Common Stock for each
 10 of the outstanding Capital Calls funded by Polar. Sponsor is also responsible to reimburse Polar for its reasonable attorney s
fees incurred in connection with the Subscription Agreement up to 5,000. In the event, a business combination does not occur and the
Company s liquidates, then all Capital Calls funded by Polar out of cash held in the Sponsor s bank accounts and/or the Company s
bank accounts, excluding the Company s Trust Account. The Sponsor Loans shall not accrue interest and shall be repaid by the Company
at the closing of the business combination. 

In consideration of the funds received, the Company
will issue, at the closing of its business combination, to Polar one (1) shares of the company s Class A Common Stock for each dollar
Polar funds through the Capital Calls Subscription Shares ). The Subscription Shares shall not be subject to any transfer
restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs, or other contingencies. The Subscription Shares (i) to the extent feasible and
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations shall be registered as part of any registration statement issuing shares before
or in connect ion with the Business Combination Closing or (ii) if no such registration statement is filed in connection with the Business
Combination Closing, shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity
following the Business Combination Closing, which shall be filed no later than 30 days after the Business Combination Closing and declared
effective no later than 90 days after the Business Combination Closing. The Sponsor shall not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of
any securities owned by the Sponsor until the Subscription Shares have been transferred to the Investor and the registration statement
has been made effective. 

In the event the Sponsor of the Company default
in their obligations under the Subscription Agreement (a Default ), then the Sponsor shall be required to transfer to Polar
0.1 share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock for each 1 that Polar has funded under the Capital Calls as of the date of
such Default and shall be required repeat such issuance for each month the such Default continues. 

The foregoing description of the Subscription
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the actual Subscription Agreement,
a copy of which is attached to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 as Exhibit 10.10, which was filed
on October 25, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference. 

On October 29, 2024, the Company held a Special
Meeting of stockholders. At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Business Combination Agreement, dated as
of October 13, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2024, by and among
the Company, IAC Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), and Alpha Modus, Corp. Alpha Modus ), and approve the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger of Merger Sub with and into Alpha Modus, with Alpha Modus continuing as the surviving corporation
and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Business Combination ), approved the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended (the IAC Charter ), in connection with the closing of the Business Combination,
by adopting the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Charter ), which includes
the authorization to issue and designation of 7,500,000 new shares of preferred stock as Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock ,
and the stockholders also approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
as well as the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company s Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement for purposes of complying with the applicable listing
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting, 426,135 shares were tendered
for redemption. 

Recent Developments 

Effective as of October 13, 2023, the Company,
IAC Merger Sub Inc., a Florida corporation Merger Sub and Alpha Modus, Corp., a Florida corporation Alpha Modus ),
entered into a business combination agreement and plan of merger (the Alpha Modus BCA pursuant to which Merger Sub will
merge with and into Alpha Modus with Alpha Modus as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has unanimously approved and declared advisable the Alpha Modus BCA, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated thereby (the Proposed Transactions ). A copy of the Alpha Modus BCA is filed as Exhibit
2.1 in the current report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2023. In connection with entering into the Alpha Modus BCA, in October 2023, the
Company formed IAC Merger Sub Inc, a Florida corporation. 

On December 28, 2023, the Company filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement in connection with the proposed business combination with Alpha Modus, Corp. based in Metro-Charlotte, NC (the Business Combination ). 

32 

During the preparation of the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board learned that between March 2, 2023 and December 5, 2023, the
Company withdrew an aggregate amount of 2,497,248.57 from the Trust Account pursuant to seven separate written withdrawal requests to
Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Continental ), the trustee for the Trust Account for the payment of taxes. Jeff Gary,
consistent with his position as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, signed and delivered each of the seven separate written withdrawal
requests to Continental. Between March 10, 2023 and December 11, 2023 the Company paid an aggregate amount of 1,447,889.17 of which 1,130,000,
in four payments, was paid for estimated income tax payments for 2022 and 2023 and 317,889.17, in three payments, was paid for Delaware
franchise taxes. Mr. Gary, acting in his capacity as CFO, made each of the seven payments for estimated taxes and Delaware franchise taxes.
The Board learned further that between March 2, 2023 and December 31, 2023, Mr. Gary used the remaining 1,049,359.40, that was withdrawn
from the Trust Account for tax purposes to pay other business expenses of the Company. Each of the transactions described above was recorded
on the books of the Company and no money was used for anything other than tax payments or appropriate Company business related expenses.
The 1,049,359.40 that was withdrawn from the Trust Account for tax purposes to pay business expenses of the Company was fully paid back
to the Trust Account by the Sponsor on March 15, 2024 and on March 26, 2024, and the Sponsor wired an additional 36,285.07 in to the
Trust Account to reimburse the Trust Account for interest that would have accrued on the funds that were erroneously withdrawn from the
Trust Account. As a result, there has been no financial loss to shareholders or the Trust Account. The Sponsor s reimbursement of
the Trust Account in the amount of 1,085,644.32 is memorialized in a Capital Contribution Agreement, dated May 9, 2024 between the Company
and Insight Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.20. 

On July 20, 2023 Mr. Gary effected the transfer
of 480,000 from the Company s operating account to the Sponsor and on August 7, 2023, Mr. Gary effected the transfer of an additional
 411,000 from the Company s operating account to the Sponsor. The Board learned on or about November 14, 2023, that Mr. Gary had
transferred funds from the Company s operating account to the Sponsor. Mr. Gary informed the Board that the money was being used
by the Sponsor to pay Company expenses. The Board directed Mr. Gary to have the Sponsor return all such funds to the Company. The Sponsor
transferred 891,000 to the Company between October 10, 2023 and November 2, 2023. 

As a result of the above conduct by Mr. Gary,
the Board adopted resolutions taking the following actions: 

1. On
April 21, 2024, Mr. Gary was removed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

2. On
April 21, 2024, Mr. Gary was appointed as an Assistant Finance Manager of the Company and shall report to the new Chief Financial Officer
of the Company. 

3. On
April 21, 2024, Michael Singer, the Executive Chairman of the Company, was appointed to the position of Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. 

4. On
April 21, 2024, Mr. Gary resigned as a director of the Company and the Board has accepted Mr. Gary s resignation. 

5. Mr.
Gary shall be removed from all Company bank accounts, including the Trust Account and Mr. Gary s authority to withdraw funds from
the Company bank accounts, including the Trust Account has been terminated. 

6. On
April 21, 2024, the Board engaged Glenn Worman as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and that Mr. Worman will approve and sign
the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Mr. Worman s background is as follows: 

Glenn Worman, 65 years old, has been a Partner
in the New York office of SeatonHill Partners, LP since November 2022. Mr. Worman is an accomplished and diverse financial services executive
with a history of providing strong, effective leadership and developing and executing strategy across a spectrum of businesses. With nearly
four decades of experience, he is adept at organizational analysis and implementing change, ensuring proper controls and sources of liquidity
are in place, and advising executive management on business direction. Mr. Worman s prior experience in senior finance and chief
operating officer positions in corporate finance, fixed income and equity capital markets, wealth management, investment management, strategic
analysis, interdealer brokerage, and compliance underscore his ability to handle industry segment and public company chief financial officer
requirements. Between 2015 and 2022, Mr. Worman served as the CFO and President of National Holdings Corporation. From 2011 to 2015, he
served as the Chief Financial Officer for the Americas for ICAP, plc. Prior to ICAP, plc Mr. Worman held senior positions at, among other
companies, Duetsche Bank, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch. Mr. Worman earned a BS degree from Ramapo College of New Jersey and an MBA
from Fairleigh Dickinson University. 

33 

7. Mr.
Gary agreed to reimburse the Company for all fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Company s engagement
of Mr. Worman as the new Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

8. Going
forward all withdrawals from the Trust Account, payments of taxes and all fund transfers between the Company and the Sponsor will require
the approval of both the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

9. All
deferred compensation owed to Mr. Gary by the Company to date, in the aggregate amount of 132,500 shall be forfeited by Mr. Gary, and
that henceforth Mr. Gary shall cease to accrue 7,500 per month in service fees. 

10. Mr.
Gary shall not be the Company s designee to be a member of the board of directors of the post-transaction company in the Company s
planned business combination with Alpha Modus Corp. 

The removal of Mr. Gary as Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, the appointment of Mr. Gary as an Assistant Finance Manager of the Company, Mr. Gary s resignation
as a director of the Company, the appointment of Michael Singer as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the appointment of Glenn
Worman as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company was previously disclosed by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on April 24, 2024 and in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

On May 9, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor entered
into a capital contribution agreement, which memorialized that the 1,085,644.32 deposited by the Sponsor in the Company s trust
account in March 2024, were to be considered a capital contribution to the Company. A copy of the Capital Contribution Agreement, effective
as of May 9, 2024, between the Company and the Sponsor is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.12. 

On May 15, 2024, the Company, Sponsor and Polar
entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Subscription Agreement (the Polar Amendment pursuant to which Polar s aggregate
advance under the Subscription Agreement was reduced from 1,000,000 to 975,000 and in the event the Company consummates the business
combination with Alpha Modus Corp., then the Company will not be obligated to issue to Polar one (1) share of the Company s Class
A Common Stock for each dollar Polar advances to the Company under at Subscription Agreement at the closing of the business combination.
However, if the Company consummates a business combination with an entity other than Alpha Modus, Corp., then the Company is obligated
to issue to Polar one (1) share of the Company s Class A Common Stock for each dollar Polar advances to the Company under at Subscription
Agreement at the closing of the business combination with an entity other than Alpha Modus, Corp. (the Subscription Shares ).
The Subscription Shares shall be subject to no transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs, or other contingencies.
The Subscription Shares (i) to the extent feasible and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations shall be registered as part
of any registration statement issuing shares before or in connection with the closing of the business combination or (ii) if no such registration
statement is filed in connection with the closing of the business combination, shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration
statement filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the closing of the business combination, which shall be filed no later
than 30 days after the closing of the business combination and declared effective no later than 90 days after the closing of the business
combination. Sponsor shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any securities owned by the Sponsor until the Subscription Shares
have been transferred to the Investor and the registration statement has been made effective. 

The foregoing description of the Polar Amendment
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the actual Polar Amendment, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.13. 

On June 20, 2024, IAC entered into a Settlement
Agreement (the Odeon Settlement Agreement with Odeon Capital Group LLC Odeon providing that
(i) Odeon will be issued 90,000 shares of IAC common stock at the closing of the Business Combination, and (ii) Odeon will waive the right
to any further underwriting commission or other payment by IAC under the Underwriting Agreement. IAC also entered into a Fee Modification
Agreement (the Cantor Fee Modification Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor on June 20, 2024, providing that (i) Cantor will be issued 210,000 shares of IAC common stock at the closing of the Business Combination,
(ii) Cantor will waive the right to any further underwriting commission or other payment by IAC under the Underwriting Agreement, (iii)
IAC will use its best efforts to file a registration statement with the SEC registering Cantor s shares within 45 days of closing
and cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC no later than 180 days after closing, (iv) IAC will generally
be liable to Cantor for liquidated damages of 4,000,000 if IAC has not complied with its resale registration obligations such that Cantor
is unable to freely trade its shares within 9 months of closing. 

34 

The foregoing description of Odeon Settlement
Agreement, and Cantor Fee Modification Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the terms and conditions
of each of the actual agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 1.2 and Exhibit 1.3, respectively, and incorporated by
reference. 

On June 21, 2024, IAC, Alpha Modus and Merger
Sub entered into an amendment to the AM BCA (the BCA Amendment ). The BCA Amendment (i) provides that each share of
Alpha Modus 6,145,000 shares common stock outstanding prior to the business combination will be exchanged for the right to receive
1 share of IAC Class A common stock, and a contingent right to receive a pro rata portion of the 2,200,000 earnout shares; (ii) provides
that each share of Alpha Modus 7,500,000 shares Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding prior to the business
combination will be exchanged for the right to receive 1 share of IAC Series C Preferred Stock (having substantially the same rights as
the Alpha Modus Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock), and a contingent right to receive a pro rata portion of the 2,200,000
earnout shares; (iii) eliminates the closing condition that the combined company is obligated to pay off Polar s indebtedness (up
to a maximum of 1,000,000) and Janbella Group, LLC s Janbella indebtedness (up to a maximum of 1,000,000)
at closing of the business combination; (iv) eliminates the combined company s obligation to issue each of Polar and Janbella at
closing a number of shares of common stock equal to the amount of indebtedness paid off divided by 1.00; (v) requires the combined company
to issue the following shares of common stock at closing: (a) 1,392,308 shares to Janbella, (b) 210,000 shares to Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co., (c) 90,000 shares to Odeon Group, LLC, and (d) 125,000 shares to Michael Singer (the Singer Shares and (vi)
extends the Outside Date (the date by which the business combination must occur, after which either the Company or
Alpha Modus may terminate the AM BCA by providing written notice to the other) to September 9, 2024, from June 7, 2024. 

The foregoing description of the BCA Amendment
does not purport to be complete and are qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the actual BCA Amendment, a copy of which
are attached hereto as Exhibit 2.3, and incorporated by reference. 

On that June 21, 2024, IAC, the Sponsor, Mr. Singer
and Alpha Modus entered into a Fee Waiver Agreement (the Singer Fee Waiver Agreement providing that Mr. Singer would
be issued the Singer Shares at closing of the Business Combination, and the Sponsor and Mr. Singer waived, effective upon the issuance
of the Singer Shares at closing of the Business Combination, the right to any amounts owed to them for services provided to IAC pursuant
to (i) the September 1, 2021, Sponsor payment agreement pursuant to which IAC agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for
office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to or incurred by members of IAC s Management Team until the earlier
of IAC s consummation of a business combination and IAC s liquidation, and (ii) IAC s prior agreement to pay members
of IAC s Management Team, including Mr. Singer, up to 15,000 per month, through the earlier of IAC s consummation of a business
combination and IAC s liquidation, for services rendered by them to IAC. 

The foregoing description of the Singer Fee Waiver
Agreement does not purport to be complete and are qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the actual Singer Fee Waiver
Agreement, a copy of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.14, and incorporated by reference. 

On September 27, 2024, the Company received the Notice from the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), stating that the Company did not comply with Nasdaq Interpretive Material IM-5101-2, and that
its securities are now subject to delisting. The Company s registration statement filed in connection with the Company s IPO
became effective on September 1, 2021. Pursuant to IM-5101-2, the Company, a special purpose acquisition company, must complete one or
more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. Since the Company failed to complete
its initial business combination by September 1, 2024, the Company did not comply with IM5101-2, and its securities are now subject to
delisting. Unless the Company requests an appeal of this determination by October 4, 2024, trading of the Company s securities will
be suspended at the opening of business on October 8, 2024, and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on The Nasdaq Stock Market. The
Company appealed the determination contained in the Notice and a hearing on the appeal was scheduled for November 14, 2024 (the Hearing ).
The Hearing was held on November 14, 2024 and the Company requested an extension until December 31, 2024 to complete the Business Combination.
The Company is waiting for the decision on its appeal. 

35 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 11,810 in our
operating bank account for operating expenses and working capital deficit of 5,274,211. 

Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation
of the IPO were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company
in exchange for issuance of the Founder Shares, and the loan from the Sponsor of approximately 163,000 under the Note. We repaid 157,000
of the Note balance on September 7, 2021 and repaid the remaining balance of approximately 6,000 in full on September 13, 2021,
at which time the Note was terminated. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds
from the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

On August 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 480,000 (the Note to the Sponsor, in exchange for the Sponsor advancing
 480,000 to the Company to fund six one-month extensions of the amount of time the Company has to complete its initial business combination,
from March 7, 2023 to September 7, 2023. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination
by the Company. In addition, at the option of the holder, the Note may be paid by the Company through the issuance of private placement
warrants of the Company at a price of 1.00 per unit. The loan will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the
Company s trust account, by the Sponsor, if Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination. On November 6, 2023,
the Company and the Sponsor entered into a written agreement (the Rescission Agreement to rescind and nullify that certain
promissory note in the principal amount of 480,000 and executed on August 17, 2023 (the Note pursuant to which the Company
agreed to pay the Sponsor the principal amount of 480,000 subject to the terms and conditions of the Note. Upon execution and delivery
of the Rescission Agreement, the Note, in its entirety, is hereby irrevocably rescinded, abrogated, cancelled and rendered null and void
ab initio and of no force or effect whatsoever, and the positions among the Company and the Sponsor shall be restored to what would have
existed had they not entered into the Note. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company, Sponsor and Polar
Multi-Strategy Master Fund Polar ), an investor, entered into an agreement (the Subscription Agreement in
which Polar has agreed to fund the Sponsor up to 1,000,000, pursuant to written draw down requests (a Capital Call ), and
the Sponsor will in turn loan such funds to the Company, to cover the Company s working capital expenses (each a Sponsor
Loan ). On May 15, 2024, the Company, Sponsor and Polar entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Subscription Agreement (the Polar
Amendment pursuant to which Polar s aggregate advance under the Subscription Agreement was reduced from 1,000,000 to 975,000
(see Note 6). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Polar funded Sponsor additional 375,000 under the Subscription Agreement
and the Sponsor loaned the Company 375,000 from Polar. For the year ended December 31, 2023, Polar funded Sponsor 600,000 under the
Subscription Agreement and the Sponsor loaned the Company 600,000 from Polar. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were
 975,000 and 600,000 outstanding due to Polar, respectively. 

On July 25, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 35,000 (the Note to a related party, the Note being entered into
in consideration of two transfers made by Jeffrey J. Gary to the Maker on April 18, 2024 for 25,000 and on May 22, 2024 for 10,000.
The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of an initial business combination by the Company. The principal balance
may be prepaid at any time. The principal balance shall be payable by the Company either: (i) in cash, or (ii) at the Payee s election
in writing, by issuance of Maker s private placement warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a price of 1.00 per Private
Warrant. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. As of September 30,
2024, there was 35,000 outstanding amount under this Note included on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company had until December
7, 2024 (extended monthly through extension payments), to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). It
is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that the insufficient liquidity
as well as the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We intend to complete a Business Combination by close of business
on December 7, 2024. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to
liquidate after December 7, 2024. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus
commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have
instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on
the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The specific impact
on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

36 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 
excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been
given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share
redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote
or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection
with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value
of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business
Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination
(or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination)
and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. 

The Company held a meeting on March 6, 2023 where
the stockholders voted to approve a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend
the Combination Period, from March 7, 2023, monthly for up to six additional months at the election of the Company, ultimately until as
late as September 7, 2023 (the Extension , and such extension date the Extended Date ). In connection with the
March 6, 2023 meeting, 21,151,393 shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed with a total redemption payment of 215,621,387. 

The Company held its annual meeting on September
6, 2023 where the stockholders voted to approve a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to extend the Combination Period, from September 7, 2023 to June 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of 20,000 and
 0.02 for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account, as defined
in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Annual Meeting, 1,847,662 shares were
tendered for redemption in exchange for a total redemption payment of 19,208,848. 

The Company held a special meeting on June 5,
2024 where the stockholders voted to approve a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to extend the Combination Period, from June 7, 2024 to December 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of 20,000 and
 0.02 for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account, as defined
in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Special Meeting, 481,865 shares were
tendered for redemption in exchange for a total redemption payment of 5,421,323. 

As a result, the Company booked a liability of
 2,402,516 for the excise tax based on 1 of shares redeemed during the reporting period. For interim periods, an entity is not required
to estimate future stock repurchases and stock issuances to measure its excise tax obligation. Rather, an entity can generally record
the obligation on an as-incurred basis. In other words, the excise tax obligation recognized at the end of a quarterly financial reporting
period is calculated as if the end of the quarterly period was the end of the annual period for which the excise tax obligation is payable. 

Pursuant to the AM BCA, (i) in the event the business
combination contemplated by the AM BCA occurs, then the surviving company shall pay the Company s excise tax liability; (ii) if
Alpha Modus does not obtain its shareholders approval of the business combination, or Alpha Modus breaches the AM BCA, then Alpha Modus
will be responsible to pay the Company s excise tax liability; and (iii) if an Alpha Modus material adverse effect occurs and the
business combination does not close, or if Alpha Modus fails to close the business combination for any reason other than a material breach
by the Company, then Alpha Modus will be responsible to pay the Company s excise tax liability. In all other circumstances the Company
will be responsible to pay the Company s excise tax liability, except if the Company liquidates prior to December 31, 2023, in which
event there will be no excise tax liability. The Company will not use any of the funds held in the Trust Account and any additional amounts
deposited into the Trust Account, as well as any interest earned thereon, to pay for the Company s excise tax liability. In addition,
because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holders, the mechanics of any required payment of the
excise tax by the Company have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a
Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

During the second quarter of 2024, the Internal
Revenue Service (the IRS issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. Pursuant to
those regulations, the Company would need to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred during the period from January
1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 on or before October 31, 2024. 

The Company is currently evaluating its options
with respect to payment of this obligation. If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional interest
and penalties which are currently estimated at 10 interest per annum and a 5 underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up
to 25 of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

In October 2023, the Israel-Hamas war commenced.
As a result of the war, instability in the Middle East and various other regions of the world may occur and effect the world economy.
Various nations, including the United States, as a reaction to the Israel-Hamas war have begun taking actions that may further affect
the world economy. Such effects on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is also not determinable
as of the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

37 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since inception up to September
30, 2024 was in preparation for our formation, the IPO and search for a business combination target. We will not generate any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of approximately 236,000, which consisted of approximately 228,000 of loss on change in the fair value of derivative
liabilities, approximately 105,000 in general and administrative costs, approximately 21,000 franchise tax expenses and approximately
 12,000 income tax expense, partially offset by approximately 53,000 in general and administrative costs related party, net of
forfeited costs, and approximately 77,000 of gain on investments held in Trust Account. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of approximately 2.7 million, which consisted of approximately 412,000 of loss on change in the fair value of derivative
liabilities, approximately 960,000 in general and administrative costs, approximately 77,000 franchise tax expenses, approximately 456,000
interest expense debt discount, 1,109,000 stock compensation expense, and approximately 59,000 income tax expense, partially
offset by net of forfeited costs and approximately 357,000 of gain on investments held in Trust Account and approximately 58,000 in
general and administrative costs related party. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net loss of approximately 228,000, which consisted approximately 575,000 in general and administrative costs, approximately 75,000
in general and administrative costs related party, approximately 50,000 franchise tax expenses and approximately 52,000 of income
tax expense, partially offset by approximately 384,000 investments held in Trust Account, approximately 8,000 of gain on change in the
fair value of forward purchase agreement liability and approximately 7,000 of gain on change in the fair value of derivative liabilities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of approximately 284,000, which consisted of approximately 2.9 million of gain on investments held in Trust Account,
approximately 273,000 in other income, and approximately 86,000 of gain on change in the fair value of the forward purchase agreement
liability, partially offset by approximately 589,000 of loss on change in the fair value of derivative liabilities, approximately 1.7
million in general and administrative costs, approximately 225,000 in general and administrative costs related party, approximately
 150,000 franchise tax expenses and approximately 637,000 income tax expense. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares),
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement signed prior to the consummation of the
IPO. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of 0.20 per unit, or 4.8 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the IPO. An additional fee of 0.50 per unit,
or 12.0 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will
become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On April 3, 2023, the Company received a waiver from one of the
underwriters of its Initial Public Offering pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to 5.4 million of its 8.4 million
deferred underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter
also agreed that the remainder of the deferred underwriting fee of 3.0 million will be payable upon the consummation of the business
combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 6,600,000 were outstanding under deferred underwriting fee payable. 

38 

On June 20, 2024, the Company entered an agreement
with Cantor, pursuant to which Cantor agreed to accept 210,000 shares at the closing of the Business Combination in full satisfaction
of the remaining 3.0 million of deferred underwriting discount that was payable in cash to Cantor at the closing of the Business Combination
(the Cantor Fee Modification Agreement ). 

Also in March 2023, the Company entered into an
agreement with Odeon Capital Group, LLC Odeon ), the other IPO Underwriter, pursuant to which Odeon agreed to irrevocably
forfeit 2.6 million of the deferred underwriting discount of 3.6 million that Odeon was previously entitled to receive at the closing
of the Business Combination. Such remaining 1.0 million of deferred underwriting discount was to be payable in cash to Odeon at the closing
of the Business Combination. 

On June 20, 2024, the Company entered an agreement
with Odeon, pursuant to which Odeon agreed to accept 90,000 shares at the closing of the Business Combination in full satisfaction of
the remaining 1.0 million of deferred underwriting discount that was payable in cash to Cantor at the closing of the Business Combination
(the Odeon Settlement Agreement ). 

Services Agreement 

On September 1, 2021, we entered into an
agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial
and administrative services provided to or incurred by members of our management team until the earlier of the consummation of a Business
Combination and the Company s liquidation. On June 21, 2024, the Company entered into a fee waiver agreement with the Sponsor and
a member of the management team whereas 125,000 shares of the post Business Combination entity shall be issued in full satisfaction of
all compensation through March 31, 2024 and in the future. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred approximately
 30,000 and 90,000, respectively, under the services agreement of which 60,000 was offset due to the fee waiver agreement in the statements
of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred approximately 30,000 and 90,000, respectively, under
the services agreement in the condensed statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 190,000 and 160,000,
respectively, was included in accrued expenses related party on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The Board has also approved payments of up to
 15,000 per month, through the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation, to members of our management
team for services rendered to us. In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or the Company s or their affiliates. On April 21, 2024, all deferred
compensation owed to Mr. Gary by the Company to date, in the aggregate amount of 132,500, shall be forfeited, and henceforth shall cease
to accrue 7,500 per month in service fees currently recorded in due to related party on the balance sheets. On June 21, 2024, the Company
entered into a fee waiver agreement with the Sponsor and a member of the management team whereas 125,000 shares of the post Business Combination
entity shall be issued in full satisfaction of all compensation through March 31, 2024 and in the future. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, we incurred approximately 22,500 and 90,000, respectively, under the services agreement of which 133,000
was offset due to the forfeiture of Mr. Gary s deferred compensation and 45,000 was offset due to the fee waiver agreement. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred approximately 45,000 and 135,000, respectively, under the services agreement
in the condensed statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 137,000 and 225,000, respectively, was included
in due to related party on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of these unaudited condensed financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our unaudited condensed financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate
our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates
on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. One of the more significant accounting estimates included in these unaudited condensed financial statements is the
determination of the fair value of the warrant liability. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information becomes
available and, accordingly, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K. 

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other
things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and
under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly
traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with
new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies.
As a result, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised
accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

39 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that
may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain
executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the executive
compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
September 30, 2024 due to the Company s inability to timely file the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2023, and the subsequent June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 Form 10-Qs, as well as the over withdrawal of the trust funds,
incorrect transfer of funds to the Sponsor account, as noted below, and restatement of prior periods, which resulted in material weaknesses. 

Between March 2, 2023 and December 5, 2023, the
Company withdrew an aggregate amount of 2,497,248 from the Trust Account pursuant to seven separate written withdrawal requests to Continental
Stock Transfer and Trust Continental ), the trustee for the Trust Account for the payment of taxes. While the Company paid
an aggregate amount of 1,447,889 for tax payments, the remaining amount of 1,049,359, that was withdrawn from the Trust Account for
tax purposes, was used to pay other business expenses of the Company. On March 15, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 1,049,359 into the Trust
Account, and on March 26, 2024, the Sponsor deposited an additional amount 36,285 in to the Trust Account to reimburse the Trust Account
for interest that would have earned on the 1,049,359 that was erroneously withdrawn from the Trust Account. This resulted in a material
weakness. Subsequent to the period ended, the funds were returned by the Sponsor to the Company s Trust Account. 

Additionally, during the year ended December 31,
2023, funds were transferred from the Trust account to the Company s operating bank account and then to the Sponsor, which is not
in accordance with the trust agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2023 we did not have controls in place to prevent or detect
such transfer of funds. This resulted in a material weakness. Subsequent to the period ended, the funds were returned by the Sponsor to
the Company s operating bank account. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

40 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were not
effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the deficiencies noted above. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management
intends to remediate the identified material weakness by implementing a more timely reporting schedule and incorporating additional reviews
of the financial statement support for future quarters. 

Subsequent Event 

On October 14, 2024, the Company held its Special
Meeting for the purpose of approving the proposals set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on September 18, 2024 (the Proxy Statement ). The only matter presented at the Special Meeting was
to adjourn the Special Meeting to Tuesday, October 29, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. The Chairman proposed to adjourn the Special Meeting to Tuesday,
October 29, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. and 5,512,500 shares of common stock of the Company were voted in favor of the adjournment, and that such
number constituted a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled
to vote and voted at the Special Meeting. Accordingly, the Special Meeting was adjourned to Tuesday, October 29, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. 

In connection with the adjournment of the Special
Meeting, the Company also extended the deadline for stockholders of the Company to exercise their redemption rights to Friday, October
25, 2024 at 5:00 p.m. Accordingly, all stockholders have until October 25, 2024 at 5:00 p.m. to redeem their shares and any stockholder
who has previously tendered its shares for redemption and now decides that it does not want to redeem its shares may withdraw such redemption
request. 

On October 23, 2024, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the Investor ), an
entity controlled by John M. Fife, pursuant to which the Company will sell, and the Investor will purchase, a secured convertible promissory
note in the original principal amount of 2,890,000 (the Note for a net purchase price of 2,600,000 (after deducting
an original issue discount of 260,000, and payment of 30,000 for the Investor s legal, accounting, due diligence, asset monitoring,
and other transaction expenses), which is anticipated to close on the date that the Company closes its business combination (the Business
Combination with Alpha Modus, Corp. Alpha Modus ). 

The SPA includes customary representations, warranties
and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The SPA grants the Investor (i) the right to fund up to an additional 5,000,000
to the Company, with the Company s consent, through the date that is six months following repayment of the Note in full (the Reinvestment
Right ), and (ii) the exclusive right, on customary market terms, to enter into an equity line of credit or other similar financing
arrangement with the Company for at least 20,000,000, through the date that is one year following the Purchase Price Date (defined below).
Pursuant the SPA, Alpha Modus is required to guarantee all of the Company s obligations under the Note and related transaction documents
pursuant to a guaranty agreement (the Guaranty ), and the Note will also be secured by security agreements (the Security
Agreements by and between the Investor and both the Company and Alpha Modus, granting the Investor first priority security
interests in all assets of the Company, as well as all assets of Alpha Modus, including all of Alpha Modus intellectual property
(and including Alpha Modus patent portfolio) pursuant to a separate intellectual property security agreement (the IP
Security Agreement ). Additionally, the Company and Alpha Modus (collectively the Borrowers ), and William
Alessi, his entity, Janbella Group, LLC, and the trusts deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Alessi (each a Capital Party 
and collectively the Capital Parties ), are required to execute at closing a subordination and voting agreement (the
 Subordination Agreement pursuant to which (i) all of the Borrowers indebtedness and obligations to each Capital
Party will be subordinated to Investor, (ii) all security interests of any Capital Party will be subordinate to Investor s security
interests, (iii) the Borrowers will not make any payments to any Capital Party, (iv) none of the Capital Parties will accelerate any subordinated
debt or equity, (v) and no Capital Party will convert or exchange their preferred stock of the Company into Common Stock, until such time
as the Investor has been fully paid and all financing agreements between the Investor and the Borrowers are terminated. 

41 

The Note will mature 18 months following the
date the purchase price is delivered to the Company (the Purchase Price Date ), will accrue interest of 10 per
annum, will be prepayable (after providing five trading days notice) at a 20 premium to the then-outstanding balance of the
Note, and will be convertible into Class A common stock Common Stock of the Company as described below.
Within 30 days of the Purchase Price Date, the Company will be obligated to file a registration statement on Form S-1 with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC registering a number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Note in an amount no less than two times the number of shares of Common Stock necessary to convert the outstanding
balance under the Note in full as of the date the Company files the registration statement. If the registration statement is not
declared effective by the SEC within 120 days of the Purchase Price Date, the outstanding balance under the Note will automatically
increase by one percent and will continue increasing by one percent every 30 days thereafter until the registration statement is
declared effective or the Investor is able to sell shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note pursuant to Rule 144
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If by the date that 50 of the shares registered under the registration statement have
been issued to Investor (such date, the Trigger Date the Note has not yet been repaid in full, the Company
will be obligated to file an additional registration statement registering additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Note within 30 days of the Trigger Date. If that additional registration statement is not declared effective by
the SEC within 120 days of the Trigger Date, the outstanding balance under the Note will automatically increase by one percent and
will continue increasing by one percent every 30 days thereafter until the additional registration statement is declared
effective. 

The Note will be convertible at the election of
the Investor into shares of Common Stock at any time following the earlier of the effective date of the registration statement described
above or one year following the Purchase Price Date, at a conversion price equal to 90 multiplied by the lowest daily volume-weighted
average price during the five trading days preceding conversion, and provided that (i) the Investor may not convert the Note into shares
of Common Stock to the extent that such conversion would result in the Investor s beneficial ownership of Common Stock being in
excess of 4.99 (or 9.99 if the Company s market capitalization is less than 10 million), and provided that (ii) the Note is not
convertible into a total cumulative number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the number of shares of Common Stock permitted by Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635 (the Exchange Cap ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note, the Company will, within 120 days of the
Purchase Price Date, seek shareholder approval of the Note and the issuance of shares of Common Stock, issuable upon conversion of the
Note and pursuant to the Reinvestment Right, in excess of the Exchange Cap (the Shareholder Approvals ). If such shareholder
approval is not obtained within 120 days, the Company will continue to seek shareholder approval every three months thereafter until shareholder
approval is obtained. Pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, each Capital Party is required to vote all of their shares of Company stock
in favor of the Shareholder Approvals. Under the SPA, the Company is required to initially reserve 7,500,000 shares of its Common Stock
for issuance to the Investor under the Note, and the Company is required to add additional shares to the reserve in increments of 100,000
shares when requested by the Investor if at the time of the request the number of shares being held in reserve is less than three times
the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the outstanding balance under the Note divided by the applicable conversion price at that
time. 

The foregoing description of the SPA, as well
as the Guaranty, Security Agreements, IP Security Agreement, Subordination Agreement, and Note, do not purport to be complete and are
qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the agreements, a copy of which (in the case of the SPA), or the form of
which (in the case of the Guaranty, Security Agreements, IP Security Agreement, Subordination Agreement and Note) are filed as Exhibit
10.1 (and included as exhibits to it), to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2024. 

On October 29, 2024, the Company held a Special
Meeting of stockholders. At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Business Combination Agreement, dated as
of October 13, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2024, by and among
the Company, IAC Merger Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), and Alpha Modus, Corp. Alpha Modus ), and approve the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger of Merger Sub with and into Alpha Modus, with Alpha Modus continuing as the surviving corporation
and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Business Combination ), approved the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended (the IAC Charter ), in connection with the closing of the Business Combination,
by adopting the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Charter ), which includes
the authorization to issue and designation of 7,500,000 new shares of preferred stock as Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock ,
and the stockholders also approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
as well as the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company s Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement for purposes of complying with the applicable listing
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting, 426,135 shares were tendered
for redemption. 

42 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on May 14, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or
financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business
or results of operations. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the
risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 14, 2024, except we may disclose changes to such
factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities,
Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Information. 

On June 5, 2024, the Company held a special meeting
of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting the Company s stockholders approved the filing of a
Third Amendment (the Third Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter with the Delaware Secretary of State to modify the terms and extend time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination
(the Business Combination from June 7, 2024 to December 7, 2024, provided that the Company deposits the lesser of 20,000
and 0.02 for each outstanding share of common stock sold in the Company s initial public offering into the Trust Account, as defined
in the Charter for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder s vote at the Special Meeting and the planned filing
of the Third Amendment, 481,865 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, were tendered for redemption.
The Company disclosed the results of the Special Meeting in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2024, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

43 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed or furnished
as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 1.2(9) 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated June 20, 2024, by and among Odeon Capital Group LLC and Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 1.3(9) 
 
 Fee Modification Agreement, dated June 20, 2024, among Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Insight Acquisition Corp., and Alpha Modus, Corp. 
 
 2.1(1) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Avila Amalco Sub Inc. and Avila Energy Corporation 
 
 2.2(4) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., IAC Merger Sub Inc. and Alpha Modus, Corp. 
 
 2.3 
 
 First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2024, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., IAC Merger Sub Inc. and Alpha Modus, Corp. 
 
 3.1(2) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 3.2(5) 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 3.3(3) 
 
 Bylaws of Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 10.1(1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Avila Energy Corporation and founding stockholders of Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 10.2(1) 
 
 Form of Company Support Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, by and among Avila Energy Corporation, Insight Acquisition Corp. and certain stockholders of Avila Energy Corporation 
 
 10.3(1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Avila Energy Corporation and IPO underwriters of Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 10.4(1) 
 
 Forward Share Purchase Agreement dated as of March 29 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Avila Energy Corporation, Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I, LP, Meteora Capital Partners, LP and Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP 
 
 10.5(4) 
 
 Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Alpha Modus, Corp. and Insight Acquisition Sponsor LLC 
 
 10.6(4) 
 
 Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Alpha Modus, Corp. and The Alessi 2020 Irrevocable Trust 
 
 10.7(4) 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, by and among Alpha Modus, Corp., Insight Acquisition Corp. and Insight Acquisition Sponsor LLC 
 
 10.8(4) 
 
 Confidentiality and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, by and among Alpha Modus, Corp., Insight Acquisition Corp., and the Stockholder Parties 
 
 10.9(4) 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2023, by and among Insight Acquisition Corp., Alpha Modus, Corp., Insight Acquisition Sponsor LLC and IPO underwriters of Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 10.10(6) 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated August 30, 2023, by and between Insight Acquisition Corp., Insight Acquisition Sponsor, LLC and Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund. 
 
 10.11(7) 
 
 Letter Agreement dated August 10, 2023 
 
 10.12(8) 
 
 Capital Contribution Agreement, effective as of May 9, 2024, between the Insight Acquisition Corp. and Insight Acquisition Sponsor, LLC 
 
 10.13(8) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Subscription Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2024, by and between Insight Acquisition Corp., Insight Acquisition Sponsor, LLC and Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund. 
 
 10.14(9) 
 
 Fee Waiver Agreement, dated June 21, 2024, among Insight Acquisition Corp., Insight Acquisition Sponsor LLC and Michael Singer 
 
 10.15 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 25, 2024 issued to Jeffrey J. Gary by Insight Acquisition Corp. 
 
 10.16(10) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 23, 2024, by and between Insight Acquisition Corp. and Streeterville Capital, LLC. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document, which is contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2023 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

44 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2021 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1 of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2021 (Registration Number 333-258727). 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2023 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 7, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 25, 2023 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2023 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 24, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Insight
Acquisition Corp. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2024 (Commission File No. 001-40775). 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 18, 2024 
 INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael Singer 

Name: 
 Michael Singer 

Title: 
 
 Executive Chairman and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal executive officer) 

Dated: November 18, 2024 
 INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Glenn Worman 

Name: 
 Glenn Worman 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

46 

<EX-2.3>
 2
 ea022124001ex2-3_insight.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 21, 2024, BY AND AMONG INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP., IAC MERGER SUB INC. AND ALPHA MODUS, CORP

Exhibit 2.3 

Execution Copy 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO BUSINESS
COMBINATION AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into as of June 12, 2024 (the Effective Date ),
by and between Alpha Modus, Corp., a Florida corporation Company ), Insight Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation IAC ), IAC Merger Sub Inc., a Florida corporation Merger Sub and
together with Company and IAC, the Parties ), and amends that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of October 13, 2023, by and among the Company, IAC and Merger Sub (the Business Combination Agreement ).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Parties previously
entered into the Business Combination Agreement; 

WHEREAS, in accordance with
the provisions of Section 9.03 of the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the Parties
(by action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors) wish to amend the Business Combination Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements and subject to the conditions precedent set forth herein, the Parties hereby agree
as follows: 

1. Terms Defined
in the Business Combination Agreement . As used in this Agreement, except as may otherwise be provided herein, all capitalized
terms defined in the Business Combination Agreement shall have the same meaning herein as therein, all of such terms and their definitions
being incorporated herein by reference. 

2. Amendments to the Business Combination
Agreement . 

a. 
 The definitions of Company Preferred Stock , Company Securities , Earnout Pro Rata Portion , Per Share Stock Consideration , and Stock Consideration in Section 1.01 of the Business Combination Agreement shall be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following: 

Company Preferred Stock 
means the Company Series A Preferred Stock, the Company Series B Preferred Stock, and the Company Series C Preferred Stock. 

Company Securities 
means the Company Common Stock, the Company Series A Preferred Stock, the Company Series B Preferred Stock, the Company Series C Preferred
Stock, the Company Options, Company Warrants and any other Equity Equivalents of the Company. 

Earnout Pro Rata Portion 
means, with respect to each holder of outstanding Company Shares as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, a fraction expressed as
a percentage equal to (i) the number of shares of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC Series C Preferred Stock, as applicable, into
which such holder s Company Shares (after giving effect to the conversions contemplated by Section 3.01(a) are converted
in accordance with Section 3.01(b) , divided by (ii) the total number of shares of IAC s Class A
Common Stock and IAC Series C Preferred Stock in the aggregate into which all outstanding Company Shares are converted in accordance with Section
3.01(b) . In no event shall the aggregate Earnout Pro Rata Portion exceed 100 . 

Per Share Common Stock Consideration 
means one share of IAC Class A Common Stock. 

Stock Consideration 
means 6,145,000 shares of IAC Class A Common Stock and 7,500,000 shares of IAC Series C Preferred Stock. 

b. 
 The following definitions shall be added to Section 1.01 of the Business Combination Agreement in their corresponding alphabetical order: 

Company Series C Preferred
Stock means the shares of the Company s Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, designated as Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock in the Company Charter. 

IAC Series C Preferred Stock 
means [the Series C Preferred Stock of IAC, as set forth in the IAC Second A R Charter.] 

Per Share Preferred Stock
Consideration means one share of IAC Series C Preferred Stock. 

c. 
 The following definitions shall be removed in their entirety from Section 1.01 of the Business Combination Agreement: Equity Value and Per Share Merger Consideration Value . 

d. 
 Sections 3.01(a) and 3.01(b) of the Business Combination Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: 

(a) At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of IAC, Merger Sub, the Company or the Company Stockholders, (i) each share of
Company Common Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Dissenting Shares and the
Cancelled Shares) shall be converted into the right to receive (a) the contingent right to receive a number of Earnout Shares (which
may be 0) following the Closing in accordance with Section 3.06 and Annex 1 , and (b) the Per Share Common
Stock Consideration; and (ii) each share of Company Preferred Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than the Dissenting Shares and the Cancelled Shares) shall be converted into the right to receive (a) the contingent right
to receive a number of Earnout Shares (which may be 0) following the Closing in accordance with Section 3.06 and Annex 1 ,
and (b) the Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration. 

(b) From and after the Effective
Time, all of the Company Shares converted into the right to receive consideration as described in Section 3.01(a) shall no
longer be outstanding and shall cease to exist, and each holder of Company Shares shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect
to such securities, except the right to receive the applicable consideration described in this Section 3.01(a) into which
such Company Shares shall have been converted. 

2 

e. 
 Section 3.02 of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Section 3.02. Exchange of
Company Securities . 

(a) Exchange Fund . On the
Closing Date, IAC shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with an exchange agent to be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto
(the Exchange Agent for the benefit of the Company Stockholders, for exchange in accordance with this Section
3.02 , the number of shares of IAC Class A Common Stock and IAC Series C Preferred Stock equal to the Stock Consideration (such shares
of IAC Class A Common Stock and IAC Series C Preferred Stock, the Exchange Fund ). IAC shall cause the Exchange Agent,
pursuant to irrevocable instructions, to pay the applicable portion of the Stock Consideration out of the Exchange Fund in accordance
with the Merger Payment Schedule and the other applicable provisions contained in this Agreement. The Exchange Fund shall not be used
for any other purpose other than as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b) Exchange Procedures .
As soon as practicable following the Effective Time, and in any event within two Business Days following the Effective Time (but in no
event prior to the Effective Time), IAC shall cause the Exchange Agent to deliver to each holder of Company Common Stock entitled to receive
the Per Share Common Stock Consideration, and each holder of Company Preferred Stock entitled to receive the Per Share Preferred Stock
Consideration, pursuant to Section 3.01 a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in exchanging such Company Stockholder s
Company Shares for such Company Stockholder s applicable portion of the Stock Consideration from the Exchange Fund, and that shall
be in form and contain provisions which IAC may specify and which are reasonably acceptable to the Company (a Letter of Transmittal ),
which shall (i) contain customary representations and warranties as to title, authorization, execution and delivery, (ii) contain
a customary release of all claims against IAC and the Company arising out of or related to such holder s ownership of Company Shares,
(iii) specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Company Shares shall pass, only upon proper delivery
of any stock certificate representing the Company Shares (a Certificate to the Exchange Agent, and (iv) include
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates pursuant to the Letter of Transmittal. Promptly following the surrender
to the Exchange Agent of all Certificates held by such holder for cancellation (to the extent such Company Shares are or were certificated),
together with a Letter of Transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto and such other
documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefore,
and IAC shall instruct the Exchange Agent to deliver the Per Share Common Stock Consideration or Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration,
as applicable, in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01 , and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 3.02 , each Certificate entitled to receive the Per Share Common Stock Consideration
or Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration, as applicable, in accordance with Section 3.01 shall be deemed at all times after
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Per Share Common Stock Consideration or Per Share Preferred
Stock Consideration that such holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01 . 

3 

(c) Termination of Exchange
Fund . Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the Company Stockholders for one year after the Effective Time shall
be delivered to IAC by the Exchange Agent, upon demand, and any Company Stockholders who have not theretofore complied with this Section
3.02 shall thereafter look only to IAC for their Per Share Common Stock Consideration or Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration.
Any portion of the Exchange Fund remaining unclaimed by Company Stockholders as of a date that is immediately prior to such time as such
amounts would otherwise escheat to or become property of any authority shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the property
of IAC free and clear of any claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto. 

(d) No Further Rights in Company
Shares . The Per Share Common Stock Consideration or Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration payable upon conversion of the Company
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been paid and issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining
to such Company Shares. 

(e) Adjustments to Per Share
Consideration . The Per Share Common Stock Consideration and Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration shall be adjusted to reflect appropriately
the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange
of shares or other like change with respect to IAC Class A Common Stock occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time. 

(f) No Liability . None
of IAC or the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any holder of Company Shares for any such Company Shares (or dividends or distributions
with respect thereto) or cash delivered to a public official pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat or similar Law in accordance
with Section 3.02(c) . 

(g) Withholding Rights .
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each of the Surviving Corporation, IAC and Merger Sub shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from amounts (including shares or other property) otherwise payable, issuable or transferable pursuant to this Agreement
to any holder of Company Shares such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to such payment, issuance or transfer
under the Code or any provision of state, local or non U.S. Tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld and timely
paid to the applicable Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid, issued or transferred to the holder of the Company Securities (or intended recipients
of compensatory payments) in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. 

4 

(h) Lost Certificates .
If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate,
the Per Share Common Stock Consideration or Per Share Preferred Stock Consideration that such holder is otherwise entitled to receive
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the provisions of Section 3.01 . 

(i) Fractional Shares .
No certificates or scrip or shares representing fractional shares of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC Series C Preferred Stock shall
be issued upon the exchange of Company Shares, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to have
any rights of a stockholder of IAC or a holder of shares of IAC. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no fraction
of a share of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC Series C Preferred Stock shall be issued by virtue of the Merger or the Transactions
contemplated hereby, and each holder who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC
Series C Preferred Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of IAC Class A Common Stock that otherwise would be received by
such holder) shall instead have the number of shares of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC Series C Preferred Stock issued to such holder
rounded in the aggregate to the nearest whole share of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC Series C Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

(j) Merger Payment Schedule .
At least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to IAC a schedule (the Merger Payment
Schedule that is true, complete and correct showing the following, in each case as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time, (i) the name and address of record of each Company Securityholder and the number and class, type, or series of shares of Company
Securities held by such Person, (ii) the percentage allocation of the Stock Consideration to each of the holders of Company Securities
at the Closing as well as the corresponding number of shares of IAC Class A Common Stock or IAC Series C Preferred Stock to be issued
to such holders of Company Securities in accordance with Section 3.01 and the Company Charter, (iii) with respect to
each holder of Company Securities, the Earnout Pro Rata Portion in respect of such holder s Company Securities, and (iv) the number
of Company Outstanding Shares . The Company shall provide explanatory or supporting information, including calculations, as
IAC may reasonably request. 

5 

f. 
 The reference to Company Common Stock in the first sentence of Section 3.05(a) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby replaced with a reference to Company Shares . 

g. 
 Section 3.07 of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Section 3.07 IAC Financing
Shares . Provided IAC has received satisfactory evidence of the Company s receipt of at least 600,000 in funding from Janbella
Group, LLC Janbella between October 13, 2023, and Closing, IAC and Sponsor agree that Sponsor shall forfeit 750,000
shares of IAC Class A Common Stock conditioned upon the Closing (the IAC Financing Shares ). 

h. 
 The first sentence of Section 4.03(a) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(a) The authorized capital stock
of the Company consists of (i) 490,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 6,145,000 shares are issued and outstanding;
(ii) 0 shares of Company Series A Preferred Stock, none of which are issued and outstanding; (iii) 0 shares of Company Series B Preferred
Stock, none of which are issued and outstanding; and (iv) 8,500,000 shares of Company Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock,
of which 7,500,000 are issued and outstanding. 

i. 
 Section 7.01(b)(iii) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: (iii) to the extent required by the Nasdaq listing rules, the approval of the issuance of the aggregate Per Share Common Stock Consideration and the Earnout Shares (the Nasdaq Proposal ), 

j. 
 Section 7.01(f) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(f) IAC (with the assistance
and cooperation of the Company as reasonably requested by IAC) agrees to file as soon as practicable after the filing of the amendment
to the Registration Statement following the receipt of the first round of comments on the Registration Statement from the SEC, a registration
statement on Form S-1 (the Shelf to register the resale of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) on a continuous basis in accordance with the provisions and requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement,
as applicable, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts (with assistance and cooperation of the Company as reasonably requested by
IAC) to have the Shelf declared effective concurrently with the Closing or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter. It is the intent
of the Parties that the Shelf shall meet the obligations of IAC under the Registration Rights Agreement, as applicable; provided that
the filing of the Shelf shall in no way be deemed to modify the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

6 

k. 
 The last sentence of Section 7.13(b) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended to remove the following language: , including for the interim period ending on June 30, 2023; provided that the Company shall have until November 14, 2023 to deliver the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements as of and for the periods ending September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2023. 

l. 
 Section 7.13(c) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the subsequent sections of Section 7.13 of the Business Combination Agreement shall be relettered. 

m. 
 Section 7.13(d) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended to remove the following language: Aside from the Form 10-Q for the quarter ending June 30, 2023 as contemplated by Section 7.13(d) , 

n. 
 The references to Oscar Brito from the twelfth recital of the Business Combination Agreement and Section 7.20 (Employment Agreements) are hereby removed. 

o. 
 Section 7.21 of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Section 7.21 Issuance of
Shares . At the Closing, (i) IAC shall issue to Janbella 1,392,308 shares of Class A Common Stock, (ii) IAC shall issue to Cantor
Fitzgerald Co. Cantor 210,000 shares of IAC Class A Common Stock, (iii) IAC shall issue to Odeon Capital Group LLC Odeon 90,000 shares of IAC Class A Common Stock and (iv) IAC shall issue to Michael Singer 125,000 shares of IAC Class
A Common Stock. 

p. 
 Section 9.01(b) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(b) by written notice from either
IAC or the Company to the other if the Effective Time shall not have occurred prior to September 9, 2024 (the Outside Date ). 

q. 
 The references to each holder of Company Stock as the eligible recipients of the 13.00 Company Earnout Shares, the 15.00 Earnout Shares and the 17.00 Earnout Shares clause (i) of each of Sections 1, 2 and 3 in Annex 1 (Earnout Merger Consideration) of the Business Combination Agreement are hereby replaced with references to each holder of Company Shares (at Closing) . 

7 

3. Effectiveness .
All of the provisions of this Amendment shall be effective on the Effective Date. Except as specifically provided for in this Amendment,
all of the terms of the Business Combination Agreement shall remain unchanged and are hereby confirmed and remain in full force and effect,
and, to the extent applicable, such terms shall apply to this Amendment as if it formed part of the Business Combination Agreement. Should
there be any discrepancy between the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall
control. 

4. Representations
and Warranties . Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party, with full knowledge that such other Party is relying on
the following representations and warranties in executing this Amendment, as follows: 

(a) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by each Party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on the part of such Party. 

(b) This
Amendment, the Business Combination Agreement and each other document executed and delivered in connection herewith has been duly executed
and delivered by each Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against
such Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 

(c) The
execution, delivery, and performance by each Party of this Amendment, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, do
not and will not (i) violate any provision of the articles of incorporation or bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of such
Party, or (ii) assuming that the consents and approvals referred to in the Business Combination Agreement are duly obtained, (x) violate
in any material respect any Law, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to
such Party or any of its respective properties or assets, or (y) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or
the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default)
under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result
in the creation of any Lien upon any of such Party s properties or assets under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which such Party is a party,
or by which they or any of such Party s properties or assets may be bound, except (in the case of clause (y) above) for such
violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults that, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on such Party. 

8 

5. Reference to
and Effect on the Business Combination Agreement . Upon the effectiveness hereof, on and after the date hereof, (i) each reference
in the Business Combination Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , 
 herein , or words of like import and (ii) each reference to the Business Combination Agreement 
in any other ancillary document relating to the Business Combination Agreement shall, in each case, mean and be a reference to the Business
Combination Agreement after giving effect to this Agreement. 

6. Effect of Amendment .
Whenever the Business Combination Agreement is referred to in the Business Combination Agreement or in any other agreements, documents
or instruments, such reference shall be deemed to be to the Business Combination Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 

7. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original,
but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Amendment
by facsimile, Adobe .pdf file or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this
Agreement. 

8. Severability .
In case any provision or obligation hereunder shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in
any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

9. Governing Law;
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . The provisions of Section 10.06 (Governing Law; Jurisdiction) and Section 10.07 
(Waiver of Jury Trial) of the Business Combination Agreement are hereby incorporated herein mutatis mutandis . 

10. Headings .
Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose
or be given any substantive effect. 

11. NOTICE OF
FINAL AGREEMENT . THIS AMENDMENT AND EACH OTHER DOCUMENT EXECUTED AND DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT
AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND THEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS,
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES . 

[ Remainder of Page Left Blank; Signature Pages
to Follow ] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized. 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael Singer 

Title: 
 Executive Chairman 

IAC MERGER SUB INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael Singer 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ALPHA MODUS, CORP. 

By: 

Name: 
 William Alessi 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Solely for purposes of Section 2(g) of this Amendment
and 

 Section 3.07 of the Business Combination Agreement: 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael Singer 

Title: 
 Managing Member 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Business
Combination Agreement] 

</EX-2.3>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 ea022124001ex10-15_insight.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED JULY 25, 2024 ISSUED TO JEFFREY J. GARY BY INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP

Exhibit 10.15 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE
HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 35,000 
 Issuance Date July 25, 2024 

Insight
Acquisition Corp. or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of
Jeffrey J. Gary (the Payee ), the principal sum as set forth above
(the Principal Amount in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. The
Maker and Payee shall collectively be referred to as the Parties . All payments on this Note shall be made by check
or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to
time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. This Note is being entered into in consideration of two
transfers made by Jeffrey J. Gary to the Maker on April 18, 2024 for 25,000 and on May 22, 2024 for 10,000. 

1.
Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable by the Maker on the date on which Maker consummates a
business combination with a target business. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. The principal balance shall be payable
by the Maker either: (i) in cash, or (ii) at the Payee s election in writing, by issuance of Maker s private placement warrants
(the Private Warrants ), at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant. Each Private Warrant is entitles the holder to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer,
director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be personally obligated for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Interest. No
interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Application of Payments. All
payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without
limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid
principal balance of this Note. 

4. Forgiveness . The
Note will be forgiven by the Payee if the Maker is unable to consummate the initial business combination, except to the extent of any
funds held outside of the trust account (the Trust Account maintained with Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company CST pursuant to an investment management trust agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021, by between
the Maker and CST. 

5. Events of Default. The following
shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the Principal Amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days from
the Maker closing on a business combination. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an
involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6.
Remedies. 

(a)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note
to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid Principal Amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other
sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on
the part of Payee. 

7.
Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice
of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted
by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any
property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under
execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that
any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be
sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8.
Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or
enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9.
Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing
and delivered: (i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic
transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other
address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently
provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication
so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt
of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier
service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10.
Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT
OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. The Parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal
court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note.
The Parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying
of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought
in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

2 

11.
Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof,
and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

12.
Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest
or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the Trust Account of the Maker in which the proceeds
of the initial public offering (the IPO (including the deferred underwriters discounts) are deposited, as described
in greater detail in the Maker s Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 11, 2021 (Registration Number 333-258727) and prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with
the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any
reason whatsoever. 

13.
Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written
consent of the Maker and the Payee. 

14.
Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation
of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent
shall be void. 

[Signature page follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first
above written. 

INSIGHT ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Glenn Worman 

Name: 
 Glenn Worman 

Title: 
 CFO 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ea022124001ex31-1_insight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Singer, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024
 of Insight Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f)
 and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Singer 

Michael Singer 

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ea022124001ex31-2_insight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Glenn Worman, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Insight Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. [Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November
 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Glenn Worman 

Glenn Worman 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ea022124001ex32-1_insight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Insight Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Singer, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 18, 2024 
 /s/
 Michael Singer 

Name: 
 Michael Singer 

Title: 
 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ea022124001ex32-2_insight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Insight Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Glenn Worman, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 18, 2024 
 /s/
 Glenn Worman 

Name: 
 Glenn Worman 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 inaq-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 inaq-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 inaq-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 inaq-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 inaq-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

