<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-Q_edgar_data_84748_0000084748-24-000061.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9563743</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93880</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1516049</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3901753</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2042409</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1796461</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000084748-24-000061.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025135121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000084748-24-000061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROGERS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000084748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				060513860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04347
		FILM NUMBER:		241396220

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2225 W CHANDLER BLVD
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85224
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-917-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2225 W CHANDLER BLVD
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000084748-24-000061.txt : 20241025

10-Q
 1
 rog-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rog-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 Commission file number 
 _______________________________ 
 ORATION 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) Incorporation or Organization) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 par value 1.00 per share 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s capital stock as of October 21, 2024 was . 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 September 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Financial Information Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 Part II Other Information Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 35 
 Item 5. 
 Other 
 35 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 36 
 Signatures 
 37 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Refer to Forward-Looking Statements in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position for additional information. 
 2 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 Defined Terms (1) 
 
 Term Definition 4th Amended Credit Agreement 4th Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2020, among Rogers Corporation, the lenders from time to time party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Citibank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents 5th Amended Credit Agreement 5th Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2023, among Rogers Corporation, the lenders from time to time party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Citibank, N.A. and Citizens Bank, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents ADAS Advanced driver assistance systems AES Advanced Electronics Solutions APAC Asia - Pacific ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update EMEA Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMS Elastomeric Material Solutions ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan EURIBOR Euro Interbank Offered Rate EV Electric vehicles Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States HEV Hybrid electric vehicles LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate NYFRB Federal Reserve Bank of New York OECD Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development R D Research and development RIC Rogers Inoac Corporation RIS Rogers Inoac Suzhou Corporation SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SG A Selling, general and administrative SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SONIA Sterling Overnight Index Average TIBOR Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate Union Plan Rogers Corporation Employees Pension Plan U.S. United States of America 
 (1) Certain terms used within this Form 10-Q are defined in the table above. 
 3 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 ROGERS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Restructuring and impairment charges Other operating (income) expense, net ) ) Operating income Equity income in unconsolidated joint ventures Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Shares used in computing: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits: Amortization of loss, net of tax (Note 2) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except par value 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and 
 Contract assets Inventories, net Asbestos-related insurance receivables, current portion Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net of amortization Asbestos-related insurance receivables, non-current portion Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued employee benefits and compensation Accrued income taxes payable Operating lease obligations, current portion Asbestos-related liabilities, current portion Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Borrowings under revolving credit facility Operating lease obligations, non-current portion Asbestos-related liabilities, non-current portion Non-current income tax Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 and Note 10) par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars and shares in millions) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Capital Stock Balance, beginning of period Shares issued for vested restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes Shares issued for employee stock purchase plan Shares issued to directors Shares repurchased ) Balance, end of period Additional Paid-In Capital Balance, beginning of period Shares issued for vested restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Shares issued for employee stock purchase plan Shares issued to directors Equity compensation expense Shares repurchased ) Balance, end of period Retained Earnings Balance, beginning of period Net income Balance, end of period Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) Total Shareholders Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Equity compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Equity in undistributed income of unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Dividends received from unconsolidated joint ventures Gain on sale of business ) (Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment ) Other non-cash charges, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Proceeds from insurance related to operations Contract assets ) Inventories, net ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable and other accrued expenses ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Disposition of business Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment, net Proceeds from insurance claims Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Repayment of debt principal and finance lease obligations ) ) Line of credit issuance costs ) Payments of taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of shares to employee stock purchase plan Share repurchases ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosures: Accrued capital additions Cash paid during the year for: Interest, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes, net of refunds 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

ROGERS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1 
 
 Note 2) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) Net of taxes of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Net of taxes of million and million as of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Note 3 
 9 

EUR/USD KRW/USD JPY/EUR HUF/EUR Ft 
 Commodity 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding contracts to hedge exposure related to the purchase of copper in our AES operating segment. These contracts are held with financial institutions and are intended to offset rising copper prices and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. As a result, any fair value adjustments required on these contracts are recorded in Other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations in the period in which the adjustment occurred. 
 metric tons per month 
 January 2025 - March 2025 metric tons per month 
 April 2025 - June 2025 metric tons per month 
 July 2025 - September 2025 metric tons per month 
 
 Effects on Financial Statements) ) Copper Derivative Contracts Contracts not designated as hedging instruments Other income (expense), net ) ) ) 
 The accounting guidance for fair value measurements establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
 10 

Copper derivative contracts 
 Derivative Instruments at Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (1) 
 Foreign currency contracts ) ) Copper derivative contracts 
 (1) All balances were recorded in the Other current assets or Other accrued liabilities line items in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position. 
 
 Note 4 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 Note 5 - 

Accounts Receivable 
 Accounts Receivable - Other Total 
 Accounts Payable 
 Accounts Payable - Other Total 
 11 

Note 6 - 
 
 Short-term leases expense Payments on operating lease obligations 
 Lease Balances in Statements of Financial Position 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease obligations, current portion Other accrued liabilities Finance lease obligations, non-current portion Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease obligations Operating lease obligations, current portion Operating lease obligations, current portion Operating lease obligations, non-current portion Operating lease obligations, non-current portion Total operating lease obligations 
 Net Future Minimum Lease Payments 
 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) Total lease payments ) Less: Interest ) ) ) ) Present Value of Net Future Minimum Lease Payments ) 
 12 

years years Operating leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Finance leases Operating leases 
 
 Note 7 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment September 30, 2024 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Technology Trademarks and trade names Covenants not to compete Total definite-lived other intangible assets Indefinite-lived other intangible asset Total other intangible assets 
 In the table above, gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization may differ from prior periods due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimated future amortization expense is million, million, million, million, and million in 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively. These amounts could vary based on changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 years Technology years Trademarks and trade names years Covenants not to compete years Total definite-lived other intangible assets years 
 13 

Note 8 
 qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan, the Union Plan, which was frozen and ceased accruing benefits in 2013. Additionally, we sponsor other postretirement benefit plans, including multiple fully insured or self-funded medical plans and life insurance plans for certain retirees. The measurement date for all plans is December 31 st for each respective plan year. 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) 
 Expected return of plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss (gain) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
 Employer Contributions 
 There were required or voluntary contributions made to the Union Plan for each of the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Additionally, we are t required to make additional contributions to the Union Plan for the remainder of 2024. 
 As there is no funding requirement for the other postretirement benefit plans, we funded these benefit payments as incurred, which were immaterial for each of the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, using cash from operations. 
 
 Note 9 
 million of revolving loans, with sub-limits for multicurrency borrowings, letters of credit and swing-line notes, and (2) a million expansion feature. Borrowings may be used to finance working capital needs, for letters of credit and for general corporate purposes in the ordinary course of business, including the financing of permitted acquisitions (as defined in the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement). The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement extends the maturity, the date on which all amounts borrowed or outstanding under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement are due, from March 31, 2024 to March 24, 2028. 
 All obligations under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of our existing and future material domestic subsidiaries, as defined in the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement (the Guarantors). The obligations are also secured by a Fifth Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2023, entered into by us and the Guarantors which grants to the administrative agent, for the benefit of the lenders, a security interest, subject to certain exceptions, in substantially all of the non-real estate assets of ours and the Guarantors. These assets include, but are not limited to, receivables, equipment, intellectual property, inventory, and stock in certain subsidiaries. 
 Borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement bear interest based on one of options. Alternate base rate loans will bear interest at a rate that includes a base reference rate plus a spread of to basis points, depending on our leverage ratio. The base reference rate will be the greater of the (1) prime rate, (2) federal funds effective rate plus basis points, and (3) one-month Term SOFR plus basis points. Loans bearing an interest rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR, or the Adjusted TIBOR (each as defined in the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement) will bear interest based on the screen rate plus a spread of to basis points, depending on our leverage ratio. Based on our leverage ratio as of September 30, 2024, the spread was basis points. 
 In addition to interest payable on the principal amount of indebtedness outstanding, we incur an annual fee of to basis points (based upon our leverage ratio), paid quarterly, of the unused amount of the lenders commitments under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement. 
 14 

to 1.00, subject to a one-time election to increase the maximum total net leverage ratio to to 1.00 for one fiscal year in connection with a permitted acquisition, and (2) an interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00. We are permitted to net up to million of unrestricted domestic cash and cash equivalents in the calculation of the total net leverage ratio. The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement generally permits us to pay cash dividends to our shareholders, provided that (i) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the dividend payment and (ii) our total net leverage ratio does not exceed to 1.00. If our total net leverage ratio exceeds to 1.00, we may nonetheless make up to million in restricted payments, including cash dividends, during the fiscal year, provided that no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the payments. Our total net leverage ratio did not exceed to 1.00 and our interest coverage ratio was greater than or equal to to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. 
 There were borrowings under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. We are not required to make any quarterly principal payments under the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement. We made payments and a million discretionary principal payment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. We made million and million of discretionary principal payments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 We had outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2024, and million as of December 31, 2023. We had million and million of outstanding line of credit issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which will be amortized over the life of the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Note 10 
 New claims filed Pending claims concluded (1) 
 ) Claims outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, claims were dismissed and claims were settled. Settlements totaled approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Impact on Financial Statements 
 We recognize a liability for asbestos-related contingencies that are probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. In connection with the recognition of liabilities for asbestos-related matters, we record asbestos-related insurance receivables that are deemed probable. 
 The liability projection period covers all current and future indemnity and defense costs through 2064, which represents the expected end of our asbestos liability exposure with no further ongoing claims expected beyond that date. This conclusion was based on our history and experience with the claims data, the diminished volatility and consistency of observable claims data, 
 15 

Asbestos-related insurance receivables 
 Environmental Voluntary Corrective Action Program 
 Our location in Rogers, Connecticut is part of the Connecticut Voluntary Corrective Action Program (VCAP). As part of this program, we partnered with the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection (CT DEEP) to determine the corrective actions to be taken at the site related to contamination issues. We evaluated this matter and completed internal due diligence work related to the site in the fourth quarter of 2015. Remediation activities on the site are ongoing and are recorded as reductions to the accrual as they are incurred. We have incurred million of aggregate remediation costs through September 30, 2024, and the accrual for future remediation efforts is million. 
 Other Matters 
 In addition to the above issues, the nature and scope of our business brings us in regular contact with the general public and a variety of businesses and government agencies. Such activities inherently subject us to the possibility of litigation, including environmental and product liability matters that are defended and handled in the ordinary course of business. We have established accruals for matters for which management considers a loss to be probable and reasonably estimable. It is the opinion of management that facts known at the present time do not indicate that such litigation will have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 16 

Note 11 
 Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive shares Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 an immaterial number of shares were excluded. 
 
 Note 12 
 million of the Company s capital stock to mitigate the dilutive effects of stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock units granted by the Company, in addition to enhancing shareholder value. In 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional million to be used for share repurchases. The Program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased shares and shares, respectively, for a total value of and million, respectively, using cash from operations and cash on hand. As of September 30, 2024, million remained available to purchase under the Program. Our stock repurchases may occur from time to time through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 April 1, 2024 to April 31, 2024 
 Equity Compensation 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding performance-based restricted stock units with a market condition from 2024 and 2023. These awards generally cliff vest at the end of a measurement period. However, employees whose employment terminates during the measurement period due to death, disability, or, in certain cases, retirement may receive a pro-rata payout based on the number of days they were employed during the measurement period. Participants are eligible to be awarded shares ranging from to of the original award amount, based on certain defined performance measures. 
 The performance-based restricted stock units with a market condition have one measurement criterion: the total shareholder return TSR on our capital stock as compared to that of a specified group of peer companies. The fair value of this measurement criterion was determined on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. We recognize compensation expense on all of these awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period with no changes for final projected payout of the awards. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 17 

Expected term (in years) Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected volatility In determining expected volatility, we have considered a number of factors, including historical volatility. 
 Expected term We use the vesting period of the award to determine the expected term assumption for the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. 
 Risk-free interest rate We use an implied spot rate yield on U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity rates as of the grant date for our assumption of the risk-free interest rate. 
 Expected dividend yield We do not currently pay dividends on our capital stock; therefore, a dividend yield of was used in the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding performance-based restricted stock units with a performance condition from 2024. These awards generally cliff vest at the end of a performance period. However, employees whose employment terminates during the measurement period due to death, disability, or, in certain cases, retirement may receive a pro-rata payout based on the number of days they were employed during the measurement period. Participants are eligible to be awarded shares ranging from to of the original award amount, based on certain defined performance measures. 
 The performance-based restricted stock units with a performance condition have one measurement criterion: 2025 net revenue. The fair value of these awards was determined based on the market value of the underlying stock price at the grant date with cumulative compensation expense recognized to-date being increased or decreased based on the changes in the forecasted payout percentage as of the end of each reporting period. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 Awards granted Stock issued Awards cancelled ) Awards outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 We recognized million of compensation expense for performance-based restricted stock units for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We recognized million and million of compensation expense for performance-based restricted stock units for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had time-based restricted stock unit awards from 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021 outstanding. The outstanding awards all ratably vest on the first, second and third anniversaries of the original grant date. However, employees whose employment terminates during the measurement period due to death, disability, or, in certain cases, retirement may receive a pro-rata payout based on the number of days they were employed subsequent to the last grant anniversary date. Each time-based restricted stock unit represents a right to receive share of Rogers capital stock at the end of the vesting period. The fair value of the award is determined by the market value of the underlying stock price at the grant date. We recognize compensation expense on all of these awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 18 

Awards granted Stock issued ) Awards cancelled ) Awards outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 We recognized million and million of compensation expense for time-based restricted stock units for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recognized million and million of compensation expense for time-based restricted stock units for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Deferred Stock Units 
 We grant deferred stock units to non-management directors. These awards are fully vested on the date of grant and the related shares are generally issued on the -month anniversary of the grant date unless the individual elects to defer the receipt of those shares. Each deferred stock unit results in the issuance of share of Rogers capital stock. The grant of deferred stock units is typically done annually during the second quarter of each year. The fair value of the award is determined by the market value of the underlying stock price at the grant date. 
 Awards granted Stock issued ) Awards outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 We recognized compensation expense for deferred stock units for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We recognized million and million of compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We have an ESPP that allows eligible employees to purchase, through payroll deductions, shares of our capital stock at a discount to fair market value. The ESPP has offering periods each year, the first beginning in mid-December and ending in mid-June and the second beginning in mid-June and ending in mid-December. The ESPP contains a look-back feature that allows the employee to acquire shares of our capital stock at a discount from the underlying market price at the beginning or end of the applicable period, whichever is lower. We recognize compensation expense on this plan ratably over the offering period based on the fair value of the anticipated number of shares that will be issued at the end of each offering period. Compensation expense is adjusted at the end of each offering period for the actual number of shares issued. Fair value is determined based on two factors: (i) the discount on the underlying stock s market value on the first day of the applicable offering period, and (ii) the fair value of the look-back feature determined by using the Black-Scholes model. We recognized million and million of expense associated with the ESPP for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Note 13 
 19 

Net sales - recognized at a point in time Total net sales Operating income Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net sales - recognized over time Net sales - recognized at a point in time Total net sales Operating income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Net sales - recognized over time Net sales - recognized at a point in time Total net sales Operating income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net sales - recognized over time Net sales - recognized at a point in time Total net sales Operating income 
 20 

Other Americas Total Americas China Other APAC Total APAC Germany Other EMEA Total EMEA Total net sales Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 United States Other Americas Total Americas China Other APAC Total APAC Germany Other EMEA Total EMEA Total net sales 
 (1) Net sales are allocated to countries based on the location of the customer. The table above lists individual countries with 10 or more of net sales for the periods indicated. 
 21 

Other Americas Total Americas China Other APAC Total APAC Germany Other EMEA Total EMEA Total net sales Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 United States Other Americas Total Americas China Other APAC Total APAC Germany Other EMEA Total EMEA Total net sales 
 (1) Net sales are allocated to countries based on the location of the customer. The table above lists individual countries with 10 or more of net sales for the periods indicated. 
 We have contract assets primarily related to unbilled revenue for revenue recognized related to products that are deemed to have no alternative use whereby we have the right to payment. Revenue is recognized in advance of billing to the customer in these circumstances as billing is typically performed at the time of shipment to the customer. The unbilled revenue is included in contract assets on the condensed consolidated statements of financial position. 
 Elastomeric Material Solutions Other Total contract assets 
 We did not have any contract liabilities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. No impairment losses were recognized for each of the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, on any receivables or contract assets arising from our contracts with customers. 
 22 

Note 14 
 Facility consolidations Manufacturing footprint consolidation R D facility exit Total restructuring charges Total restructuring and impairment charges 
 Restructuring Charges - Global Workforce Reduction 
 On February 16, 2023, we announced a plan to reduce our global workforce that was substantially completed in the first half of 2023, and concluded in the fourth quarter of 2023. The plan significantly reduced our manufacturing costs and operating expenses. We incurred million in pre-tax restructuring charges related to this plan, of which million and million was incurred in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and substantially all of which was in the form of cash-based expenditures, employee severance and other termination benefits. 
 Restructuring Charges - Facility Consolidations 
 In late 2022 and early 2023, we announced our intention to exit certain facilities in the U.S. and Asia. The plan significantly reduced our manufacturing costs and operating expenses. We have incurred million in pre-tax restructuring charges to-date related to these facility consolidations, of which an amount and million was incurred in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million was incurred in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, the majority of which were in the form of accelerated depreciation. 
 As part of our facility consolidations plan, in February 2023, we entered into an asset purchase agreement to sell our high-performance engineered cellular elastomer business in our EMS operating segment for a purchase price of million. The first phase of the deal, which pertained to the net assets other than the land and building, was completed in late March 2023, while the second phase, which pertained to the sale of the land and building, was completed in early September 2023. Of the million purchase price, million and million were allocated to the first and second phases of the deal, respectively. The first phase of the deal included million in assets and million in liabilities. The assets were primarily comprised of accounts receivable, contract assets and inventories, while the liabilities were primarily comprised of accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, along with the previously recognized accrual against the net assets of the business based on the estimated fair value of the business in December 2022. We incurred million of selling costs in 2023, which were recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and as of December 31, 2023, we included million of assets held for sale within the Other current assets financial statement line item of our condensed consolidated statements of financial position, representing the land and building at our Price Road facility in Chandler, Arizona. We expect the sale of this facility to be completed in late 2024 or early 2025. In September 2023, we entered into an agreement to sell one of our Suzhou, China facilities, which had a carrying value of million, for million resulting in a pre-tax gain of million, inclusive of selling and disposal costs. The sale was completed in December 2023. The net impact of this transaction was recorded in the Other operating (income) expense, net line item in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 23 

million and million annually. We expect to incur approximately million to million in pre-tax restructuring charges related to this plan, the majority of which are expected to be in the form of cash-based expenditures related to employee severance and other termination benefits. Most of the non-cash expenditures will be in the form of accelerated depreciation. 
 We incurred million of restructuring charges related to this plan in the three months ended September 30, 2024, of which million relates to severance and other termination benefits and million in the form of accelerated depreciation. We incurred million of restructuring charges related to this plan in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which million relates to severance and other termination benefits and million in the form of accelerated depreciation. 
 Provisions Payments Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Restructuring Charges - R D Facility Exit 
 On June 13, 2024, we announced that we will close our Burlington, Massachusetts Innovation Center facility by the end of 2024. We expect to incur approximately million to million in pre-tax restructuring charges related to this plan, almost all of which are expected to be in the form of cash-based expenditures related to employee severance and other termination benefits or non-cash expenditures in the form of accelerated depreciation and amortization. 
 We incurred million in pre-tax restructuring charges in the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, of which million relates to severance and other termination benefits. We incurred million in pre-tax restructuring charges in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which million relates to severance and other termination benefits and million in the form of accelerated depreciation. 
 Allocation of Restructuring and Impairment Charges to Operating Segments 
 Elastomeric Material Solutions Allocated restructuring charges Total restructuring and impairment charges 
 24 

Insurance recoveries ) ) Total UTIS fire ) ) (Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment ) ) Total other operating (income) expense, net ) ) 
 In early February 2021, there was a fire at our UTIS manufacturing facility in Ansan, South Korea, which manufactures eSorba polyurethane foams used in portable electronics and display applications. The site was safely evacuated and there were no reported injuries; however, there was extensive damage to the manufacturing site and some damage to nearby property. Commercial production at our new location in Siheung, South Korea commenced in late January 2023. 
 In connection with the UTIS fire, we recognized insurance recoveries of million and million related to our ongoing insurance claims for business interruption and property damage for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We incurred million and million for various professional services for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, in connection with the pursuit of our insurance claims. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 ) ) ) Line of credit fees ) ) ) ) Debt issuance amortization costs ) ) ) ) Interest income Other ) ) ) ) Total interest expense, net ) ) ) 
 
 Note 15 
 in the third quarter of 2024. During the third quarter of 2024, our effective tax rate was favorably impacted by a decrease of reserves for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, our effective tax rate was . During the third quarter of 2023, our effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted primarily by the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, the Company s effective tax rate on its income before taxes was . The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 was unfavorably impacted primarily by (i) the write-off of deferred tax assets related to stock compensation and, (ii) the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions, partially offset by (iii) a decrease of reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
 During the first nine months of 2023, the Company s effective tax rate on its income before taxes was . The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2023 was unfavorably impacted by (i) the increase in the valuation allowance attributable to loss jurisdictions in which no benefit is anticipated to be realized and (ii) the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 The OECD Pillar 2 guidelines published to date include transition and safe harbor rules around the implementation of the Pillar 2 global minimum tax of 15 . Based on current enacted legislation effective in 2024 and our structure, we do not expect a 
 25 

Note 16 - 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position 
 As used herein, the Company, Rogers, we, us, our and similar terms include Rogers Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such statements are generally accompanied by words such as anticipate, assume, believe, could, estimate, expect, foresee, goal, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, should, seek, target or similar expressions that convey uncertainty as to future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and beliefs that we believe to be reasonable; however, assumed facts almost always vary from actual results, and the differences between assumed facts and actual results could be material depending upon the circumstances. Where we express an expectation or belief as to future results, that expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and based on assumptions believed to have a reasonable basis. We cannot assure you, however, that the stated expectation or belief will occur or be achieved or accomplished. Among the factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties inherent in our business including, without limitation: 
 failure to capitalize on, volatility within, or other adverse changes with respect to our growth drivers, such as delays in adoption or implementation of new technologies; 
 failure to successfully execute on our long-term growth strategy as a standalone company; 
 uncertain business, economic and political conditions in the U.S. and abroad, particularly in China, Germany, Belgium, England, South Korea and Hungary where we maintain significant manufacturing, sales or administrative operations; 
 the trade policy dynamics between the U.S. and China reflected in trade agreement negotiations, the imposition of tariffs and other trade restrictions, as well as the potential for U.S.-China supply chain decoupling; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to develop innovative products and the extent to which they are incorporated into end-user products and systems; 
 the extent to which end-user products and systems incorporating our products achieve commercial success; 
 the ability and willingness of our sole or limited source suppliers to deliver certain key raw materials, including commodities, to us in a timely and cost-effective manner; 
 intense global competition affecting both our existing products and products currently under development; 
 business interruptions due to catastrophes or other similar events, such as natural disasters, war, terrorism or public health crises; 
 the impact of sanctions, export controls and other foreign asset or investment restriction; 
 failure to realize, or delays in the realization of, anticipated benefits of acquisitions and divestitures due to, among other things, the existence of unknown liabilities or difficulty integrating acquired businesses; 
 our ability to attract and retain management and skilled technical personnel; 
 26 

our ability to protect our proprietary technology from infringement by third parties and/or allegations that our technology infringes third party rights; 
 changes in effective tax rates or tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 failure to comply with financial and restrictive covenants in our credit agreement or restrictions on our operational and financial flexibility due to such covenants; 
 the outcome of ongoing and future litigation, including our asbestos-related product liability litigation; 
 changes in environmental laws and regulations applicable to our business; and 
 disruptions in, or breaches of, our information technology systems. 
 Our forward-looking statements are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements, which you should consider carefully, along with the risks discussed in this section and elsewhere in this report, including under the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report) and our other reports filed with the SEC, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or anticipated results. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-Q along with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto in our Annual Report. 
 Company Overview and Strategy 
 We design, develop, manufacture and sell high-performance and high-reliability engineered materials and components to meet our customers demanding challenges. We operate two strategic operating segments: AES and EMS. Our remaining operations, which represent non-core businesses, are reported in our Other operating segment. We are headquartered in Chandler, Arizona. 
 Our growth and profitability strategy is based upon the following principles: (1) market-driven organization, (2) innovation leadership, (3) synergistic mergers and acquisitions, and (4) operational excellence. Our priorities in executing this strategy are focused on driving near-term improvements to profitability and improving the growth outlook for the Company over the next several years by further strengthening our focus on commercial activities, expanding capacity to meet customer demand and driving innovation. 
 As a market-driven organization, we are focused on capitalizing on growth opportunities in the increasing electrification of vehicles, including EV/HEV, and increasing use of ADAS in the automotive industry, the advancement of communication systems in aerospace and defense, the growth of 5G smartphones in the portable electronics industry, and in renewable energy. In addition to our focus on these markets, we sell into a variety of other markets including general industrial, wireless infrastructure and mass transit. 
 Our growth strategy is based on addressing trends in these markets and applying our repeatable customer engagement process. Our sales engineers and technical service employees work closely with our customers to understand their complex challenges. They then leverage our innovation and technology capabilities and deep applications expertise to provide unique solutions to customers challenges. In addition to these capabilities, our strategy for success as a manufacturer of engineered materials and components is also built on our reputation for high performance and reliability solutions, trusted customer relationships, a broad product portfolio and custom design capabilities. Through this strategy we expect to be able to drive further commercial wins, which provide the potential for higher growth in the future. We have also expanded our capabilities through organic investment and acquisitions and strive to ensure high quality solutions for our customers. 
 Our operational excellence efforts are focused on driving significant near-term enhancements to our profitability and ongoing cost structure improvements. These efforts include focusing on improving yields, throughput, procurement capabilities and manufacturing processes and selectively adding strategic new hires to achieve better performance. We have also taken specific cost improvement actions in recent quarters that have benefited our performance. These actions include optimizing our manufacturing footprint, divesting non-core product lines and reductions to manufacturing and corporate employees. We continue to review and re-align our manufacturing and engineering footprint in an effort to maintain a leading competitive position globally and to support our customers growth initiatives. 
 We seek to enhance our operational and financial performance by investing in research and development, manufacturing and materials efficiencies, and new product initiatives that respond to the needs of our customers. We strive to evaluate operational and strategic alternatives to improve our business structure and align our business with the changing needs of our customers and major industry trends affecting our business. 
 If we are able to successfully execute on our strategy, we see an opportunity, over the next several years, to return to historical levels of profitability and meaningfully improve revenues from current levels, led by organic growth and complemented by targeted acquisitions. This outlook is supported by our participation in a number of growth markets and by our competitive positions in these markets. The fastest growing market opportunity is expected to be EV/HEV where third-party analysis 
 27 

projects that the market will increase at a compound annual growth rate of between 15 and 20 over the next several years. Within the EV/HEV market, we believe our advanced battery cell pads and ceramic substrates provide multiple content opportunities to capitalize on this growth. Across these areas we have secured a number of design wins and have a strong opportunity pipeline. Other markets with good growth trajectories include ADAS, aerospace and defense, portable electronics and renewable energy. 
 Executive Summary 
 The following key highlights and factors should be considered when reviewing our results of operations, financial position and liquidity: 
 In the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023, our net sales decreased approximately 8.2 to 210.3 million, our gross margin increased approximately 10 basis points to 35.2 from 35.1 , and we had an operating margin of 6.9 compared to an operating margin of 11.8 , a decrease of approximately 490 basis points. 
 We made 30.0 million of discretionary principal payments on our revolving credit facility in the first quarter of 2024. 
 We recognized restructuring charges of 5.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 in connection to our manufacturing footprint consolidation plan that is expected to be completed in the second half of 2025. 
 We recognized restructuring charges of 0.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 in connection to our plan to exit our Burlington, Massachusetts Innovation Center facility that is expected to be completed by the end of 2024. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, selected operations data expressed as a percentage of net sales: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Gross margin 35.2 35.1 33.8 34.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 21.4 19.4 22.5 21.4 Research and development expenses 3.9 3.4 4.2 3.6 Restructuring and impairment charges 3.0 0.8 1.2 2.3 Other operating (income) expense, net (0.3) (1.0) Operating income 6.9 11.8 5.9 7.8 Equity income in unconsolidated joint ventures 0.2 0.3 0.2 0.2 Other income (expense), net (0.7) 0.3 (0.1) Interest expense, net (1.0) (0.2) (1.2) Income before income taxes 6.4 11.4 5.8 6.8 Income tax expense 1.3 3.1 1.6 2.1 Net income 5.1 8.3 4.2 4.7 
 Net Sales and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 210.3 229.1 637.9 703.8 Gross margin 74.1 80.4 215.4 239.7 Percentage of net sales 35.2 35.1 33.8 34.1 
 Net sales decreased by 8.2 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. Our AES and EMS operating segments had net sales decreases of 11.2 and 3.9 , respectively. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales in the EV/HEV, industrial power systems, ADAS and renewable energy markets in our AES operating segment and lower net sales in the aerospace and defense and portable electronics markets in our EMS operating segment. The decrease was partially offset by higher net sales in the wireless infrastructure and aerospace and defense markets in our AES operating segment and higher net sales in the EV/HEV market in our EMS operating segment. We experienced lower EV/HEV net sales in our AES operating segment as customers continued to manage inventory levels and adjusted to softer end market demand. 
 28 

Net sales decreased by 9.4 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. Our AES and EMS operating segments had net sales decreases of 10.9 and 7.1 , respectively. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales in the EV/HEV, ADAS, industrial power systems and renewable energy markets in our AES operating segment and lower net sales in the general industrial and aerospace and defense markets in our EMS operating segment. The decrease was partially offset by higher net sales in the wireless infrastructure and aerospace and defense markets in our AES operating segment and higher net sales in the EV/HEV market in our EMS operating segment. We experienced lower EV/HEV net sales in our AES operating segment as customers continued to manage inventory levels and adjusted to softer end market demand. 
 Gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased approximately 10 basis points to 35.2 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 35.1 in the third quarter of 2023. Gross margin in the third quarter of 2024 improved due to favorable scrap and yield performance in our AES and EMS operating segments, less manufacturing spend from our factory optimization efforts in our AES operating segment, as well as favorable impacts in factory utilization and lower inventory reserves provisions in our EMS operating segment, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable mix in our AES and EMS operating segments. 
 Gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased approximately 30 basis points to 33.8 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 34.1 in the first nine months of 2023. Gross margin in the first nine months of 2024 declined due to unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable mix in our AES and EMS operating segments, as well as unfavorable factory utilization in our AES operating segment. This was partially offset by favorable scrap and yield performance and lower raw material costs in our AES and EMS operating segments, as well as favorable impacts in factory utilization and lower inventory reserves provisions in our EMS operating segment. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Selling, general and administrative expenses 45.1 44.2 143.5 150.5 Percentage of net sales 21.4 19.4 22.5 21.4 
 SG A expenses increased 2.0 in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to a 0.8 million increase in software costs and a 0.2 million increase in recruiting, relocation and training expenses and a 0.1 million increase in fixed asset depreciation expense, as well as the non-recurrence of the 0.7 million gain on the sale of our high-performance engineered cellular elastomer business in 2023, partially offset by a 0.5 million decrease in professional services expense, a 0.5 million decrease in compensation and benefits expense and a 0.3 million decrease in other intangible asset amortization expense. 
 SG A expenses decreased 4.7 in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to an 7.9 million decrease in professional services expense, a 1.0 million decrease in recruiting, relocation and training expenses and a 0.7 million decrease in other intangible asset amortization expense, partially offset by a 0.8 million increase in compensation and benefits expense, a 1.3 million increase in software costs and a 0.4 million increase in fixed asset depreciation expense, as well as the non-recurrence of the 0.7 million gain on the sale of our high-performance engineered cellular elastomer business in 2023. The decrease in professional services expense was primarily attributable to the non-recurrence of the 7.6 million of non-routine shareholder advisory costs and 1.1 million of expenses in connection with the sale of our high-performance engineered cellular elastomer business. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Research and development expenses 8.1 7.8 26.5 25.5 Percentage of net sales 3.9 3.4 4.2 3.6 
 R D expenses increased 3.8 in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023 due to a 0.7 million increase in trial costs for alternative raw materials, a 0.4 million increase in professional services expense and a 0.1 million increase in fixed assets depreciation expense, partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease in compensation and benefits expense. 
 R D expenses increased 3.9 in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023 due to a 1.8 million increase in trial costs for alternative raw materials and a 0.5 million increase in fixed assets depreciation expense, partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in compensation and benefits expense. 
 29 

Restructuring and Impairment Charges and Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Restructuring and impairment charges 6.3 2.0 7.8 16.4 Other operating (income) expense, net (0.8) (7.5) 
 We incurred restructuring charges and related expenses in 2024 associated with our announced intent to wind down manufacturing operations in our Evergem, Belgium facility for our AES operating segment and our announced exit from our Burlington, Massachusetts Innovation Center facility. We recognized restructuring charges and related expenses pertaining to these restructuring plans of 6.3 million and 7.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We incurred restructuring charges and related expenses in 2024 and 2023 associated with the announced reduction of our global workforce along with certain facility consolidation efforts, which were substantially completed as of December 31, 2023. The plans significantly reduced our manufacturing costs and operating expenses. We recognized restructuring charges and related expenses pertaining to these restructuring projects of an immaterial amount and 0.2 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 2.0 million and 16.4 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. For additional information, refer to Note 14 Supplemental Financial Information to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 With respect to other operating (income) expense, net, we recognized no income and income of 0.8 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and no income and income of 7.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The impact in the second quarter and first nine months of 2023 primarily consisted of insurance recoveries, partially offset by professional service costs, from the fire at our UTIS manufacturing facility in Ansan, South Korea. For additional information, refer to Note 14 Supplemental Financial Information to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 Equity Income in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Equity income in unconsolidated joint ventures 0.4 0.6 1.2 1.5 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had two unconsolidated joint ventures, each 50 owned: RIC and RIS. Equity income in those unconsolidated joint ventures decreased 0.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023 and decreased 0.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023. On a quarter-to-date basis and a year-to-date basis, the decrease was due to lower net sales and unfavorable operational performance for RIS, partially offset by higher net sales and lower SG A costs for RIC. The higher net sales for RIC was primarily driven by the portable electronics market in Asia. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Other income (expense), net (1.5) 0.7 (0.8) 
 Other income (expense), net decreased to expense of 1.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 from income of 0.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. On a quarter-to-date basis, the decrease was due to an unfavorable year-over-year change in impacts from our foreign currency transactions and an unfavorable year-over-year change in impacts from our foreign currency derivatives, partially offset by a favorable year-over-year change in impacts from our copper derivative contracts. 
 Other income (expense), net decreased to expense of 0.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 from income of less than 0.1 million in the first nine months of 2023. On a year-to-date basis, the decrease was due to an unfavorable year-over-year change in impacts from our foreign currency derivatives, partially offset by a favorable year-over-year change in impacts from our foreign currency transactions and a favorable year-over-year change in impacts from our copper derivative contracts. 
 30 

Interest Expense, Net 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest expense, net (2.3) (1.0) (8.6) 
 Interest expense, net, decreased by 2.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023, and decreased by 7.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023. The decreases on a year-over-year quarter-to-date basis and a year-to-date basis were primarily due to a lower weighted-average outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income tax expense 2.8 7.2 10.4 14.3 Effective tax rate 20.7 27.3 28.1 30.0 
 The below discussion of the effective tax rate for the periods presented in the consolidated statements of operations is in comparison to the 21 U.S. statutory federal income tax rate. 
 Our effective tax rate was 20.7 in the third quarter of 2024. During the third quarter of 2024, our effective tax rate was favorably impacted by a decrease of reserves for uncertain tax positions, partially offset by the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, our effective tax rate was 27.3 . During the third quarter of 2023, our effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted primarily by the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, the Company s effective tax rate on its income before taxes was 28.1 . The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 was unfavorably impacted primarily by (i) the write-off of deferred tax assets related to stock compensation and, (ii) the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions, partially offset by (iii) a decrease of reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
 During the first nine months of 2023, the Company s effective tax rate on its income before taxes was 30.0 . The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2023 was unfavorably impacted by (i) the increase in the valuation allowance attributable to loss jurisdictions in which no benefit is anticipated to be realized and (ii) the mix of income in higher tax rate jurisdictions. 
 
 Operating Segment Net Sales and Operating Income 
 Advanced Electronics Solutions 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 112.2 126.3 349.8 392.4 Operating income 0.3 5.7 7.7 6.0 
 AES net sales decreased by 11.2 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in net sales over the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by lower net sales in the EV/HEV, industrial power systems, ADAS and renewable energy markets, partially offset by higher net sales in the wireless infrastructure and aerospace and defense markets. We experienced lower EV/HEV net sales as customers continued to manage inventory levels and adjusted to softer end market demand. 
 AES net sales decreased by 10.9 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net sales over the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by lower net sales in the EV/HEV, ADAS, industrial power systems and renewable energy markets, partially offset by higher net sales in the wireless infrastructure and aerospace and defense markets. We experienced lower EV/HEV net sales as customers continued to manage inventory levels and adjusted to softer end market demand. 
 We recognized operating income of 0.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to an operating income of 5.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to a 4.5 million unfavorable year-over-year change in restructuring charges, unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable mix and unfavorable factory utilization. The decrease in operating income was partially offset by favorable scrap and yield performance. As a percentage of net sales, the operating income in the third quarter of 2024 was 0.3 compared to 4.5 of operating income reported in the third quarter of 2023. 
 31 

We recognized operating income of 7.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to operating income of 6.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily due to a 3.0 million favorable year-over-year change in restructuring charges, as well as favorable scrap and yield performance and lower raw material costs. The increase in operating income was partially offset by unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable mix as well as unfavorable factory utilization. As a percentage of net sales, operating income in the first nine months of 2024 was 2.2 compared to 1.5 of operating income reported in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Elastomeric Material Solutions 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 94.2 98.0 274.6 295.6 Operating income 13.2 19.9 25.7 43.3 
 EMS net sales decreased by 3.9 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in net sales over the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by lower net sales in the aerospace and defense and portable electronics markets, partially offset by higher net sales in the EV/HEV market. 
 EMS net sales decreased by 7.1 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net sales over the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by lower net sales in the general industrial and aerospace and defense markets, partially offset by higher net sales in the EV/HEV market. 
 We recognized operating income of 13.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to operating income of 19.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating income was due to a 0.6 million unfavorable year-over-year change in charges/benefits related to the UTIS fire, higher general and administrative expenses due to our capacity expansion efforts in Suzhou, China, higher trial costs for alternative raw materials and the non-recurrence of the 0.7 million gain on the sale of our high-performance engineered cellular elastomer business in 2023, as well as unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable mix. The decrease in operating income was partially offset by a 0.2 million favorable year-over-year change in restructuring charges, favorable scrap and yield performance, favorable impacts in factory utilization and lower inventory reserves provisions. As a percentage of net sales, operating income in the third quarter of 2024 was 14.0 compared to an operating income of 20.3 reported in the third quarter of 2023. 
 We recognized operating income of 25.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to operating income of 43.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating income was due to a 6.8 million unfavorable year-over-year change in charges/benefits related to the UTIS fire, higher general and administrative expenses due to our capacity expansion efforts in Suzhou, China, higher trial costs for alternative raw materials and the non-recurrence of the 0.7 million gain on the sale of our high-performance engineered cellular elastomer business in 2023, as well as unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable mix. The decrease in operating income was partially offset by a 5.6 million favorable year-over-year change in restructuring charges, as well as favorable scrap and yield performance, favorable impacts in factory utilization, lower raw material costs and lower inventory reserves provisions. As a percentage of net sales, operating income in the first nine months of 2024 was 9.4 compared to 14.6 reported in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Other 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 3.9 4.8 13.5 15.8 Operating income 1.1 1.6 4.2 5.5 
 Net sales in this segment decreased by 18.8 in the third quarter of 2024 from the third quarter of 2023. Operating income decreased 31.3 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating income was primarily driven by unfavorable impacts from lower volume. As a percentage of net sales, the operating income in the third quarter of 2024 was 28.2 compared to an operating income of 33.5 reported in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Net sales in this segment decreased by 14.6 in the first nine months of 2024 from the first nine months of 2023. Operating income decreased 23.6 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating income was primarily driven by unfavorable impacts from lower volume and unfavorable factory utilization. As a percentage of net sales, operating income in the first nine months of 2024 was 31.1 compared to 34.6 in the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position 
 We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash flows that we expect to generate from our operations, together with our available credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our operations, currently planned capital expenditures, research and 
 32 

development efforts and our debt service commitments, for at least the next 12 months. We regularly review and evaluate the adequacy of our cash flows, borrowing facilities and banking relationships in an effort to ensure that we have the appropriate access to cash to fund both our near-term operating needs and our long-term strategic initiatives. 
 The following table illustrates the location of our cash and cash equivalents by our three major geographic areas: 
 (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 United States 52.9 60.0 Europe 40.0 37.6 Asia 53.5 34.1 Total cash and cash equivalents 146.4 131.7 
 Approximately 93.5 million of our cash and cash equivalents were held by non-U.S. subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024. We did not make any changes in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to our position on the permanent reinvestment of our earnings from foreign operations. With the exception of certain of our Chinese subsidiaries, where a substantial portion of our Asia cash and cash equivalents are held, we continue to assert that historical foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. 
 (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Key Financial Position Accounts: Cash and cash equivalents 146.4 131.7 Accounts receivable, net 156.3 161.9 Inventories, net 154.4 153.5 Borrowings under revolving credit facility 30.0 
 Changes in key financial position accounts and other significant changes in our statements of financial position from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 146.4 million as compared to 131.7 million as of December 31, 2023, an increase of 14.7 million, or 11.2 . This increase was primarily due to cash flows provided by operations, partially offset by 30.0 million in discretionary principal payments on our revolving credit facility, 40.7 million in capital expenditures, 7.9 million in share repurchases and 1.3 million in tax payments related to net share settlement of equity awards. 
 Accounts receivable, net decreased 3.5 to 156.3 million as of September 30, 2024 from 161.9 million as of December 31, 2023. The decrease from year-end was primarily due to a 4.1 million receipt of previously recognized UTIS fire insurance receivables for our business interruption claims and a 1.5 million decrease in our income taxes receivable. 
 Inventories, net increased 0.6 to 154.4 million as of September 30, 2024, from 153.5 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily driven by higher finished goods and raw materials levels, partially offset by higher inventory reserves provisions. 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility were nil as of September 30, 2024 compared to 30.0 million as of December 31, 2023. This decrease was due to 30.0 million in discretionary principal payments on our revolving credit facility made in the first three months of 2024. For additional information regarding this facility and the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement, refer to Note 9 Debt to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Key Cash Flow Measures: Net cash provided by operating activities 93.4 59.5 Net cash used in investing activities (40.7) (30.3) Net cash used in financing activities (38.6) (139.6) 
 In 2024, we expect capital spending to be in the range of approximately 50.0 million to 60.0 million. We plan to fund our capital spending in 2024 with cash from operations and cash on-hand, as well as our existing revolving credit facility, if necessary. 
 33 

Restrictions on Payment of Dividends 
 The Fifth Amended Credit Agreement generally permits us to pay cash dividends to our shareholders, provided that (i) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the dividend payment and (ii) our total net leverage ratio does not exceed 2.75 to 1.00. If our total net leverage ratio exceeds 2.75 to 1.00, we may nonetheless make up to 20.0 million in restricted payments, including cash dividends, during the fiscal year, provided that no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the payments. Our total net leverage ratio did not exceed 2.75 to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Contingencies 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we did not become aware of any material developments related to environmental matters disclosed in our Annual Report, our asbestos litigation or other material contingencies previously disclosed or incur any material costs or capital expenditures related to such matters. Refer to Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further discussion of these contingencies. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 There were no material changes in our critical accounting policies during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes in our exposure to market risk during the third quarter of 2024. For discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk contained in our Annual Report. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We conducted, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed (i) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 34 

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Refer to the discussion of certain environmental, asbestos and other litigation matters in Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Items 2 (a) and (b) are not applicable. 
 (c) Stock Repurchases 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased no shares under a 200.0 million share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors. The share repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. As of September 30, 2024, 116.2 million remained for repurchase under the share repurchase program. All repurchases are made using cash from operations. Our stock repurchases may occur from time to time through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement , as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 35 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 List of Exhibits: 10.1 Letter Agreement between the Company and Laura Russell, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2024. 
 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, furnished herewith. 
 101 The following materials from Rogers Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) Cover Page. 
 104 The cover page from Rogers Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 36 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ROGERS CORPORATION (Registrant) 
 /s/ Laura Russell Laura Russell Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Principal Financial Officer Dated: October 25, 2024 
 37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rog-20240930x10ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, R. Colin Gouveia, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rogers Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 25, 2024 
 s R. Colin Gouveia R. Colin Gouveia President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rog-20240930x10ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Laura Russell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rogers Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 25, 2024 
 s Laura Russell Laura Russell Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 rog-20240930x10ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Rogers Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby certify that 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Corporation fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 s R. Colin Gouveia R. Colin Gouveia President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer October 25, 2024 
 s Laura Russell Laura Russell Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 October 25, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rog-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rog-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rog-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rog-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rog-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

