<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_65596_0001213900-24-096271.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7435883</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>304116</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1570796</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1795065</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1782746</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1777553</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096271.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112083037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096271
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				111796714
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05703
		FILM NUMBER:		241443743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-644-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICHAELS J INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096271.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0219891-10q_siebertfin.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from___________to___________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer
 Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company
 Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes
 No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of November
12, 2024 , there were 41,120,936 issued and shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock. 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. 

INDEX 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 1 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 2 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
 3 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 4 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 5 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 21 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 29 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 30 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 31 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 31 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 31 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 31 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 31 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 31 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 31 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 
 33 

- i - 

Forward-Looking Statements 

For
purposes of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Report ), the terms Siebert, Company, we, 
 us and our refer to Siebert Financial Corp., its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries collectively,
unless the context otherwise requires. 

The
statements contained throughout this Report that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements may appear throughout this Report, including in Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, 
 could, would, should, believe, expect, anticipate, 
 plan, estimate, target, project, intend and similar words or expressions.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are
forward-looking statements. 

These
forward-looking statements, which reflect our beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are based on the best judgement
of management. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in such statements, including the following: economic, social and political conditions, global economic downturns resulting from extraordinary
events; securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity risks; credit risk with clients and counterparties; risk of liability
for errors in clearing functions; systemic risk; systems failures, delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; competition;
reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations affecting our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation,
regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain relationships with employees, customers, business partners or governmental
entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties
detailed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2023 Form 10-K ), and our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

We
caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur,
that could impact our business. The forward-looking statements are based upon management s beliefs and assumptions and are made
as of the date of this Report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required
by the federal securities laws. 

- ii - 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes; (Cash of million, securities with a fair value of million as of September 30, 2024; Cash of million, securities with a fair value of million as of December 31, 2023) 

Receivables from customers 

Receivables from broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Receivables from non-customers 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Securities borrowed 

Securities owned, at fair value 

Total Current assets 

Deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Property, office facilities, and equipment, net 

Software, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Payables to customers 

Payables to non-customers 

Drafts payable 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Taxes payable 

Securities loaned 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of deferred contract incentive 

Current portion of contract termination liability 

Total Current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, less current portion 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Deferred contract incentive, less current portion 

Contract termination liability, less current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 19) 

Equity 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024, respectively. shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Treasury stock, at cost; shares held as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 1 - 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Commissions and fees 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees 

Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Market making 

Stock borrow / stock loan 

Advisory fees 

Other income 

Total Revenue 

Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Clearing fees, including execution costs 

Technology and communications 

Other general and administrative 

Data processing 

Rent and occupancy 

Professional fees 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense 

Advertising and promotion 

Total Expenses 

Operating income 

Impairment of investments 

Earnings of equity method investment in related party 

Non-operating loss 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income available to common stockholders 

Net income available to common stockholders per share of common stock 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 2 - 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

(unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 

Number of Shares Issued 
 .01 Par Value 
 Number 
of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Total Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Kakaopay transaction, net of issuance cost 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Reacquisition of shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) 

Balance September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 

Number of Shares Issued 
 .01 Par Value 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Total Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2024 

Transaction with J2 Financial 

Share-based compensation 

Net income (loss) 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Share-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance September 30 2024 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 3 - 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Deferred income tax expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Earnings of equity method investment in related party 

Share-based compensation 

Impairment of investments 

Interest related to contract termination liability payment 

Changes in 

Receivables from customers 

Receivables from non-customers 

Receivables from and deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Securities borrowed 

Securities owned, at fair value 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Payables to customers 

Payables to non-customers 

Drafts payable 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Securities loaned 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Net lease liabilities 

Taxes payable 

Deferred contract incentive 

Trading platform implementation 

Contract termination liability payment 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Purchase of office facilities and equipment 

Purchase of software 

Additions to property, office facilities, and equipment 

Transaction with J2 Financial 

Cash paid in a business acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Kakaopay issuance cost 

Proceeds received from shares issued for Kakaopay transaction 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Net cash (used in) / provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes 

Cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - end of period 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 

Cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - end of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Kakaopay issuance cost (1) 

Transaction with J2 Financial (2) 

Share-based compensation (3) 

Treasury stock (4) 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

- 4 - 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(unaudited) 

of GE from
related parties. Refer to Note 3 Business Combinations for more detail. 

The Company is headquartered
in Miami Beach, FL with primary operations in Florida, New York, and California. The Company has 10 branch offices throughout the U.S.
and clients around the world. The Company s SEC filings are available through the Company s website at www.siebert.com, where
investors can obtain copies of the Company s public filings free of charge. The Company s common stock, par value per
share, trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SIEB. 

The Company primarily operates
in the securities brokerage and asset management industry and has no other reportable segments. All of the Company s revenues for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were derived from its operations in the U.S. 

 The
Company has evaluated the impact of its recent acquisition of GE on its consolidated financial statements and has determined that the
acquisition is immaterial. As of September 30, 2024, the Company operates as a single reportable segment based on the factors related
to management s decision-making framework as well as management evaluating performance and allocating resources based on assessments
of the Company from a consolidated perspective. Management will continue to monitor the financial significance of the GE acquisition and
may report additional segments in accordance with ASC 280 Segment Reporting. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements financial statements of the Company have been prepared on the accrual basis
of accounting in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP for interim financial information
with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes
required by GAAP for complete annual financial statements. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of the Company and numbers are rounded
for presentation purposes. 

In the opinion of management,
the financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring entries) necessary to fairly present such interim results.
Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations which may be expected for a full year or any subsequent period.
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto in the Company s 2023 Form
10-K. 

Reclassification 

Certain amounts for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and certain cash flows within the Investing Activities section have been reclassified to conform
to the presentation of the current period. The reclassification has not materially impacted the Company s financial statements,
and did not result in a change in total revenue, net income or cash flows from operations or investing activities for the periods presented. 

- 5 - 

as of both September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 5 RISE for more information. 

For
consolidated subsidiaries that are not wholly-owned, the third-party holdings of equity interests are referred to as noncontrolling interests.
The net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as net income or loss attributable
to noncontrolling interests in the statements of operations. The portion of total equity that is attributable to noncontrolling interests
for such subsidiaries is presented as noncontrolling interests in the statements of financial condition. 

For
investments in entities in which the Company does not have a controlling financial interest but has significant influence over its operating
and financial decisions, the Company applies the equity method of accounting with net income and losses recorded in earnings of equity
method investment in related party. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

The Company s significant
accounting policies are included in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K and
any updates as of September 30, 2024 are listed below. 

Accounting for Acquisitions 

ASC
805 is used for accounting in business acquisitions. ASC 805 requires that goodwill be recognized separately from assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill, as of the date of acquisition, is determined as the excess of the
consideration transferred net of the acquisition date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Fair value estimates at
acquisition date may be assessed internally or externally using third parties. As part of the valuation and appraisal process, the third-party
appraiser prepares a report assigning estimated acquisition date fair values to assets and liabilities. These fair value estimations are
subjective and require careful consideration and sound judgment. Management reviews the third-party reports for fairness of the assigned
values. 

Intangible
Assets, Net 

Certain
identifiable intangible assets the Company acquires are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. Amortization
expense associated with such intangible assets is included in the Depreciation and amortization line item on the statements
of income. 

The
Company evaluates intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or when events or changes indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. The Company also evaluates the remaining useful lives of intangible assets on an annual basis or when events or changes warrants
the remaining period of amortization to be revised. 

- 6 - 

. 

Accounting for Acquisition 

The acquisition will be accounted
for under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations pursuant to ASC 805 Business Combinations which requires,
among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the proposed acquisition
date. ASC 802 Fair Value Measurements, which establishes a framework for measuring fair values, defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asse or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date . 

Allocation of Purchase Price 

The Company was required to allocate the GE purchase price to tangible
and identifiable intangible assets acquired based on their fair values as of August 12, 2024. The excess of the purchase price over those
fair values is recorded as goodwill. The Company acquired intangible assets consisting of GE artist contracts, the fair value of which
were as of the acquisition date. 

The
fair value of identifiable intangible assets and goodwill was determined primarily through a Discounted Cash Flow DCF analysis, which falls under the income approach. The valuation included the projection of future cash flows from the intangible asset,
discounted at a rate that reflected the company s weighted average cost of capital and accounting for a company-specific risk premium.
Additionally, a perpetuity growth rate was applied beyond the forecast period. Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the acquisition
price over the fair value of separable assets, capturing anticipated synergies from the business combination. 

Accounts receivable 

Security deposits 

Other Intangible assets, net 

Total Assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Purchase price 

Since the date of acquisition,
there has been no material impact on the Company s financial statements for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

and
 , respectively. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no interest in Tigress. 

- 7 - 

and Siebert consolidated RISE under the voting
interest model VOE model . As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, RISE reported assets of million
and liabilities of . There are no restrictions on RISE s assets. 

shares of the Company s common stock (the First Tranche Shares 
and, such transaction, the First Tranche at a per share price of Two Dollars Fifteen Cents ), which represented 
of the outstanding equity securities of the Company on a fully diluted basis (taking into account the issuance of the First Tranche Shares).
The First Tranche closed on May 18, 2023. 

Refer to Note 5 Kakaopay
Transaction in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for further detail. 

Goldman Sachs Co. LLC GSCO 

National Financial Services, LLC NFS 

Securities fail-to-deliver 

Globalshares 

Total Receivables from and deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Securities fail-to-receive 

Payables to broker-dealers 

Total Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Under the DTCC shareholders 
agreement, MSCO is required to participate in the DTCC common stock mandatory purchase. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
MSCO had shares of DTCC common stock valued at approximately and , respectively, which is included within the line
item Deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations on the statements of financial condition. 

In September 2022, MSCO and
RISE entered into a clearing agreement whereby RISE would introduce clients to MSCO. As part of the agreement, RISE deposited a clearing
fund escrow deposit of to MSCO, and had cash of approximately million and million in its brokerage account at MSCO as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The resulting asset of RISE and liability of MSCO is eliminated in consolidation. 

- 8 - 

Securities owned, at fair value 

U.S. government securities 

Certificates of deposit 

Municipal securities 

Corporate bonds 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

Options 

Equity securities 

Total Securities owned, at fair value 

Liabilities 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Options 

Total Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Securities owned, at fair value 

U.S. government securities 

Certificates of deposit 

Corporate bonds 

Options 

Equity securities 

Total Securities owned, at fair value 

Liabilities 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Equity securities 

Total Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Maturing in 2025 

Maturing in 2026 

Maturing after 2026 

Accrued interest 

Total Market value 

- 9 - 

Maturing in 2024 

Maturing in 2025 

Maturing after 2025 

Accrued interest 

Total Market value 

Financial Assets and
Liabilities Not Carried at Fair Value 

Cash segregated for regulatory purposes 

Securities borrowed 

Receivables from customers 

Receivables from non-customers 

Receivables from broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Other receivables 

Deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Total financial assets, not measured at fair value 

Financial liabilities, not measured at fair value 

Securities loaned 

Payables to customers 

Payables to non-customers 

Drafts payable 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Deferred contract incentive 

Long-term debt 

Contract termination liability 

Total financial liabilities, not measured at fair value 

- 10 - 

Cash segregated for regulatory purposes 

Securities borrowed 

Receivables from customers 

Receivables from non-customers 

Receivables from broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Other receivables 

Deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Total financial assets, not measured at fair value 

Financial liabilities, not measured at fair value 

Securities loaned 

Payables to customers 

Payables to non-customers 

Drafts payable 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Deferred contract incentive 

Long-term debt 

Contract termination liability 

Total financial liabilities, not measured at fair value 

Office facilities 

Equipment 

Total Property, office facilities, and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Total Property, office facilities, and equipment, net 

Total depreciation expense
for property, office facilities, and equipment was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Total depreciation expense for property, office facilities, and equipment was and for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

On
July 7, 2023, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for office space in the World Financial Center in New York City. Depreciation
expense commenced in March 2024, when the New York office space was placed into service. The Company invested and in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 to build out the New York office space. For both the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, the Company invested to build out the New York office space. 

In
the second quarter of 2024, the Company completed the construction of its office in Omaha, Nebraska, investing and during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Miami Office Building 

On
December 30, 2021, the Company purchased an office building located at 653 Collins Ave, Miami Beach, FL Miami office building ).
The Miami office building contains approximately square feet of office space and serves as the headquarters of the Company. 

Depreciation
expense commenced in April 2023 when the Miami office building was completed and placed in service. The Company invested and
 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to build out the Miami office building. The Company invested
 and in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to build out the Miami office building. 

- 11 - 

Retail Platform 

Total Software 

Less accumulated amortization Software 

() 

() 
 
 Less accumulated amortization Retail Platform 

Total Software, net 

The Company contracted with
a technology vendor in the fourth quarter of 2023 to develop a new retail platform for the Company s customers and integrate this
platform into the Company s operations Retail Platform ). The total software development expense related to this project
was as of September 30, 2024, all of which was capitalized. Amortization for the Retail Platform will commence once it is placed
in service, which is expected to be in the second quarter of 2025. 

Total amortization of software
was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total amortization of software was 
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and after 

Total 

Transaction with J2
Financial Technology 

On
January 18, 2024, STCH entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with J2 Financial Technology, Inc., d/b/a
 Guild , a Delaware corporation J2 Financial ). 

Under
the Purchase Agreement, STCH purchased a mobile self-directed trading app for the total purchase price of . The purchase price
consisted of of cash and restricted shares of the Company s common stock (priced at the historical 30-day moving
average as of January 18, 2024) worth approximately . This purchase is part of the software related to the Retail Platform and
recorded in the line item Software, net on the statements of financial condition. 

- 12 - 

million. 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total Rent and occupancy 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 

Operating leases 

Lease Commitments 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Remaining balance of lease payments 

Less: difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows 

Lease liabilities 

and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024,
 of the Company s carrying amount of goodwill came from the Company s acquisition of RISE and came from
the Company s acquisition of GE. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, management concluded that there have been no impairments
to the carrying value of the Company s goodwill and no impairment charges related to goodwill were recognized during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Company s
2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

Other Intangible Assets, Net 

As a result of the Company s acquisition of GE, the Company acquired
intangible assets consisting of GE artist contracts, the fair value of which were as of the acquisition date. The useful life
of the GE artist contracts is years. 

million, and the Company entered into a mortgage
with East West Bancorp, Inc. East West Bank for approximately million to finance part of the purchase of the Miami
office building as well as to finance part of the build out of the Miami office building. 

- 13 - 

The interest rate
is for the first years, and thereafter the interest rate shall be at the prime rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal,
provided that the minimum interest rate on any term loan will not be less than . As part of the agreement, The loan is subject to a prepayment penalty over the first five years which is calculated
as a percentage of the principal amount outstanding at the time of prepayment. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance
with all of its covenants related to this agreement. 

Remaining Payments 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

The
interest expense related to this mortgage was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
The interest expense related to this mortgage was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate for this mortgage was . 

million from NFS, and NFS will pay the Company four annual credits of
 , which are recorded in the line item Deferred contract incentive on the statements of financial condition. Annual
credits shall be paid on the anniversary of the date on which the first credit was paid. The business development credit and annual credits
will be recognized as contra expense over and , respectively, in the line item Clearing fees, including execution
costs on the statements of operations. The amendment also provides for an early termination fee if the Company chooses to end its
agreement before the end of the contract term. 

In relation to this agreement,
the Company recognized in contra expense for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For both the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized in contra expense. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the balance of the deferred contract incentive was million and million, respectively. 

- 14 - 

Realized and unrealized gain on portfolio of U.S. government securities 

Total Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Realized and unrealized gain on portfolio of U.S. government securities 

Total Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Disaggregation of
Revenue 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees revenue 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees expense 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees 

Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Market making 

Stock borrow / stock loan 

Stock rebate revenue 

Retail fees 

Stock locate fees 

Stock borrow / stock loan 

Advisory fees 

Other income 

Total revenue 

on pre-tax book income of 
and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and respectively.
The effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of primarily related to certain permanent tax differences and state
and local taxes including the impact of finalizing the prior year tax filings. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of and on pre-tax book income of 
and , respectively. The effective tax rate for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively.
The effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate of primarily related to certain permanent tax differences and state
and local taxes including the impact of finalizing the prior year tax filings. 

As of both September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an uncertain tax position of related to various tax matters, which is included
in the line item Taxes payable in the statements of financial condition. 

- 15 - 

million or of aggregate debit items arising from customer transactions. As of September 30,
2024, MSCO s net capital was million, which was approximately million in excess of its required net capital of 
million, and its percentage of aggregate debit balances to net capital was . 

As of December 31, 2023, MSCO s
net capital was million, which was approximately million in excess of its required net capital of million, and its percentage
of aggregate debit balances to net capital was . 

Special Reserve Account 

MSCO is subject to Customer
Protection Rule 15c3-3 which requires segregation of funds in a special reserve account for the exclusive benefit of customers. As of
September 30, 2024, MSCO had cash and securities deposits of million (cash of million, securities with a fair value of 
million) in the special reserve accounts which was million in excess of the deposit requirement of million. After adjustments
for deposit(s) and / or withdrawal(s) made on October 1, 2024, MSCO had million in excess of the deposit requirement. 

As
of December 31, 2023, MSCO had cash and securities deposits of million (cash of million, securities with a fair
value of million) in the special reserve accounts which was million in excess of the deposit requirement of 
million. After adjustments for deposit(s) and / or withdrawal(s) made on January 2, 2024, MSCO had million in excess of the
deposit requirement. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company was subject to the PAB Account Rule 15c3-3 of the SEC which requires segregation of funds in a special
reserve account for the exclusive benefit of proprietary accounts of introducing broker-dealers. As of September 30, 2024, the Company
had million in the special reserve account which was approximately million in excess of the deposit requirement of approximately
 million. The Company made no subsequent deposits or withdrawals on October 1, 2024. 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had million in the special reserve account which was approximately million in excess of the
deposit requirement of approximately million. The Company made no subsequent deposits or withdrawals on January 2, 2024. 

RISE 

Net Capital 

RISE, as a member of FINRA,
is subject to the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1. This rule requires the maintenance of minimum net capital and that the ratio of
aggregate indebtedness to net capital, both as defined, shall not exceed 15 to 1 and that equity capital may not be withdrawn, or cash
dividends paid if the resulting net capital ratio would exceed 10 to 1. RISE is also subject to the CFTC s minimum financial requirements
which require that RISE maintain net capital, as defined, equal to the greater of its requirements under Regulation 1.17 under the Commodity
Exchange Act or Rule 15c3-1. 

As of September 30, 2024,
RISE s regulatory net capital was approximately million which was million in excess of its minimum requirement of 
under 15c3-1. As of December 31, 2023, RISE s regulatory net capital was approximately million which was million in excess
of its minimum requirement of under 15c3-1. 

million, of which million
is within the line item Receivables from customers on the statements of financial condition. As of December 31, 2023, the
Company had margin loans extended to its customers of approximately million, of which million is in the line item Receivables
from customers on the statements of financial condition. There were no material losses for unsettled customer transactions for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The Company accounts for securities
lending transactions in accordance with ASC Topic 210-20. The Company does not net securities borrowed and securities loaned and these
items are presented on a gross basis on the statements of financial condition. 

- 16 - 

Liabilities 

Securities loaned 

Liabilities 

Securities loaned 

The company did not net any securities borrowed or securities loaned as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

million. As of those dates, MSCO had no outstanding loan balance and there were
no commitment fees or other restrictions on the line of credit. The Company utilizes customer or firm securities as a pledge for short-term
borrowing needs. There was and in interest expense for this line of credit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. There was and in interest expense for this line of credit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. There were no fees related to this line of credit for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Credit Agreement 

On August 15, 2024, the Company
entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with East West Bank (the Lender ), a California
banking corporation, dated as of July 29, 2024. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of up to . The
initial term of the Credit Agreement is two years. The Company may use any borrowings under the Credit Agreement for acquisitions, stock
buybacks, and for general corporate purposes in an amount not to exceed 10,000,000. Obligations under the Credit Agreement shall be guaranteed
by John J. Gebbia, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Gloria E. Gebbia, a Director of the Company, and John J. Gebbia and Gloria
E. Gebbia, as co-trustees of the John and Gloria Living Trust. 

Borrowings under the Credit
Agreement will bear interest on the outstanding daily balance at a rate of interest per annum equal to the greater of: (a) the one-month
Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR ), as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration plus and
(b) . The origination fee is equal to one half of one percent of the revolver cap. The Credit Agreement contains
customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants and requires the Company to maintain a and minimum net capital of . 

- 17 - 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there has been no expense recognized for any early termination fees. The Company believes that it is
unlikely it will have to make material payments related to early termination fees and has not recorded any contingent liability in the
financial statements related to this arrangement. 

Technology Vendor 

The
Company has entered into agreements with technology vendors for certain development projects related to its Retail Platform. As of September
30, 2024, the Company incurred costs of approximately million for these vendors. 

General Contingencies 

The
Company s general contingencies are included in Note 21 Commitments, Contingencies, and Other in the Company s 2023
Form 10-K. Other than the below, there have been no material updates to the Company s general contingencies during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

The
Company is self-insured with respect to employee health claims. As part of this plan, the Company recognized expenses of and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
the Company recognized expenses of and , respectively. 

 The
Company had an accrual of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which represents the estimate
of future expense to be recognized for claims incurred during the periods. 

The
Company believes that its present insurance coverage and reserves are sufficient to cover currently estimated exposures, but there can
be no assurance that the Company will not incur liabilities in excess of recorded reserves or in excess of its insurance limits. 

and for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred an
expense of and , respectively. 

On
September 17, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved the Siebert Financial Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ).
The Plan provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, and other equity awards of the Company s common stock to employees,
officers, consultants, directors, affiliates and other service providers of the Company. There were million shares reserved under the
Plan and and and shares remained as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Vested 

Nonvested as of September 30, 2024 

- 18 - 

of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares granted. The cost is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, with included in
 Employee compensation and benefits and fully capitalized within Software, net on the statements of
financial condition. 

and of expenses related to these services for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. This agreement was terminated as of January 1, 2024. 

KCA
owns a license from the Muriel Siebert Estate / Foundation to use the names Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. and Siebert 
within business activities, which expires in 2025. For the use of these names, KCA passed through to the Company its cost of in
both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, KCA passed through
to the Company its cost of . 

Other than the above arrangements,
KCA has earned no profit for providing any services to the Company as KCA passed through any revenue or expenses to the Company s
subsidiaries for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

PW 

PW
brokers the insurance policies for related parties. Revenue for PW from related parties was and for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Revenue for PW from related parties was and for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Gloria E. Gebbia,
John J. Gebbia, and Gebbia Family Members 

The
three sons of Gloria E. Gebbia and John J. Gebbia hold executive positions within the Company s subsidiaries and their compensation
was in aggregate and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The compensation for the
sons of Gloria E. Gebbia and John J. Gebbia was in aggregate and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. Part of their compensation includes payments related to key revenue streams. 

On
May 22, 2023, Gloria E. Gebbia issued a warrant to BCW Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, to purchase shares
of common stock of the Company held by Gloria E. Gebbia at an exercise price of per share. Refer to Note 6 - Kakaopay Transaction
for more information. 

Gebbia Sullivan County Land Trust 

The Company operates on a
month-to-month lease agreement for its branch office in Omaha, Nebraska with the Gebbia Sullivan County Land Trust, the trustee of which
is a member of the Gebbia Family. For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, rent expense was for this branch
office. For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, rent expense was for this branch office. 

The Company has completed construction of its branch
office in Omaha, Nebraska. Refer to Note 9 Property, Office Facilities, and Equipment, net for further detail. 

Credit Agreement 

On August 15, 2024, the Company entered into the
Credit Agreement with the Lender whereby John J. Gebbia and Gloria E. Gebbia, along with the John and Gloria Living Trust, are guaranteeing
the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement with the Lender. Refer to Note 19 - Commitments, Contingencies, and Other for
more information. 

Gebbia Entertainment, LLC 

On August 12, 2024, the Company acquired of
GE, a music and entertainment company owned by John J. Gebbia, Gloria E. Gebbia, and David Gebbia. Refer to Note 3 Business Combinations,
for further detail. 

- 19 - 

). Refer to Note 6 Kakaopay Transaction
for further details on the transaction. MSCO entered into an agreement whereby it would provide an omnibus trading account for Kakaopay s
subsidiary, Kakao Pay Securities Corp., and provide trade execution services to Kakao Pay Securities Corp., subject to compliance with
applicable U.S. laws, rules and regulations. 

Tigress 

The
Company has entered into various agreements and subsequent terminations with Tigress. Refer to Note 4 Transaction with Tigress
for further detail. 

RISE 

In
September 2022, MSCO and RISE entered into a clearing arrangement whereby RISE would introduce clients to MSCO. As part of the agreement,
RISE deposited a clearing fund escrow deposit of to MSCO, and had excess cash of approximately million and million in
its brokerage account at MSCO as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The resulting asset of RISE and liability
of MSCO is eliminated in consolidation. 

- 20 - 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion provides a narrative of our financial performance and condition that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
financial statements and related notes included under Part I, Item 1 of this Report. In addition to our historical consolidated financial
information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences
include those discussed below and elsewhere in our 2023 Form 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Overview 

We
are a financial services company and provide a wide variety of financial services to our clients. We operate in business lines such as
retail brokerage, investment advisory, insurance, and technology development through our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. 

Results
in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of
the U.S. equity and fixed-income markets. Market volatility, overall market conditions, interest rates, economic, political, and regulatory
trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control. These
factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants who include investors and competitors, impacting their level of participation
in the financial markets. In addition, in periods of reduced financial market activity, profitability is likely to be adversely affected
because certain expenses remain relatively fixed, including salaries and related costs, as well as portions of communications costs and
occupancy expenses. Accordingly, earnings for any period should not be considered representative of earnings to be expected for any other
period. 

Financial Overview 

Earnings
per share were 0.10 for the current quarter, compared to earnings per share of 0.07 for the prior-year quarter. For the current quarter,
our net revenues were 22.6 million and operating income before taxes was 4.8 million, compared to net revenues of 18.1 million and
operating income before taxes of 4.3 million in the prior-year quarter. 

Financial highlights
as of September 30, 2024: 

Retail customer net worth increased by 10 to 17.5 billion
compared to December 31, 2023 

Stock borrow / stock loan increased by 44 to 5.8 million
compared to the prior-year quarter 

Commissions and fees increased by 19 to 2.3 million compared
to the prior-year quarter 

Trends and Key Factors
Affecting our Operations 

Market Risk 

Market
risk is our risk of loss resulting from the impact of changes in market prices on our trading inventory and investment positions. We have
exposure to market risk primarily through our broker-dealer trading operations. Through our broker-dealer subsidiary, we trade debt obligations
and equity securities and maintain trading inventories to ensure availability of securities to facilitate client transactions. Inventory
levels may fluctuate daily as a result of client demand. Our primary market risks relate to interest rates and equity prices. Equity risk
results from changes in prices of equity securities, affecting the value of the equity securities and other instruments that derive their
value from a particular stock. 

We
may enter into underwriting commitments and, as a result, we may be subject to market risk on any unsold securities issued in the offerings
to which we are committed. Risk exposure is controlled by limiting our participation, the transaction size, or through the syndication
process. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to market risk
from changes in interest rates. Such changes in interest rates primarily impact revenue from interest, marketing, and distribution fees.
We primarily earn interest, marketing and distribution fees from margin interest charged on clients margin balances, interest on
cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes, and distribution fees from money market mutual funds in clients accounts.
Securities segregated for regulatory purposes consist solely of U.S. government securities. If prices of U.S. government securities within
our portfolio decline, we anticipate the impact to be temporary as we intend to hold these securities to maturity. We seek to mitigate
this risk by managing the average maturities of our U.S. government securities portfolio and setting risk parameters for securities owned,
at fair value. 

- 21 - 

The following table presents
simulated changes to net interest revenue over the next 12 months beginning September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 of a gradual increase
or decrease in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates at the end of each reporting period: 

As of 

September 30, 
2024 
 December 31, 
2023 
 
 Increase of 200 basis points 
 26 
 35 
 
 Increase of 100 basis points 
 12 
 19 
 
 Increase of 50 basis points 
 6 
 4 
 
 Decrease of 50 basis points 
 (8 
 (3 
 
 Decrease of 100 basis points 
 (14 
 (11 
 
 Decrease of 200 basis points 
 (28 
 (26 

The difference in our simulated
incremental increases and decreases in the market interest rates as of September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 is primarily due
to an increase in the proportion of segregated cash to segregated securities and an increase in the proportion of margin debit balances
to cash credit balances. 

Technology Initiatives 

At the end of 2023, we hired
new technology personnel, changed our primary software development vendor, and made investments in technology development. 

Some of these technology investments
include the development of a Siebert mobile retail trading application, online platform for our retail customer base and corporate services
clients, as well as upgrades to our technological and operational infrastructure to support these platforms and future growth. We believe
that these ongoing investments in technology will be key in meeting the needs of our retail customers, correspondent clearing, corporate
services as well as our expansion into new markets and demographics. 

Client Account and Activity Metrics 

The following tables set forth
metrics we use in analyzing our client account and activity trends for the periods indicated. 

Client Account Metrics 

As of 

September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 
 Retail customer net worth (in billions) 
 17.5 
 15.9 
 
 Retail customer margin debit balances (in billions) 
 0.4 
 0.3 
 
 Retail customer credit balances (in billions) 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 
 Retail customer money market fund value (in billions) 
 0.8 
 0.7 
 
 Retail customer accounts 
 158,594 
 153,727 

Retail customer net worth represents the total value of securities
and cash in the retail customer accounts after deducting margin debits 

Retail customer margin debit balances represent credit extended
to our customers to finance their purchases against current positions 

Retail customer credit balances represent client cash held
in brokerage accounts 

Retail customer money market fund value represents all retail
customers accounts invested in money market funds 

Retail customer accounts represent the number of retail customers 

Statements of Operations and Financial Condition 

Statements of Operations for the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Revenue 

Commissions and fees for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 were 2,270,000 and increased by 367,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily
due to strong market conditions. 

- 22 - 

Interest, marketing and distribution
fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 8,350,000 and increased by 1,156,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year primarily due to an increase in interest income received on U.S. government securities and bank deposits. 

Principal transactions and
proprietary trading for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 4,197,000 and increased by 444,000 from the corresponding period
in the prior year, primarily due to the factors discussed below. 

The increase in realized and
unrealized gain on primarily riskless principal transactions was primarily due to strong market conditions. The increase in unrealized
gain on our portfolio of U.S. government securities was due to the following. We invested in 1-year treasury bills and 2-year treasury
notes in order to enhance our yield on excess 15c3-3 deposits. During 2022, there was an increase in U.S. government securities yields,
which created an unrealized loss on our U.S. government securities portfolio. In 2023, we began to record substantially all of the reversal
of the unrealized loss resulting in an unrealized gain due to the securities coming closer to maturity. We continually invest in US government
securities based on market yields and cash needs. 

Below is a summary of the
change in the principal transactions and proprietary trading line item for the periods presented. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Increase 
(Decrease) 
 
 Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Realized and unrealized gain on primarily riskless principal transactions 
 3,865,000 
 2,657,000 
 1,208,000 
 
 Realized and unrealized gain on portfolio of U.S. government securities 
 332,000 
 1,096,000 
 (764,000 
 
 Total Principal transactions and proprietary trading 
 4,197,000 
 3,753,000 
 444,000 

Market making for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was 597,000 and increased by 374,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due
to strong equity markets. 

Stock borrow / stock loan
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 5,784,000 and increased by 1,776,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year,
primarily due to growth in stock locate services. 

Advisory fees for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 were 629,000 and increased by 123,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due
to growth in platform assets. 

Other income for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was 733,000 and increased by 270,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due to
fees related to administrative services. 

Operating Expenses 

Employee compensation and
benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 11,886,000 and increased by 3,163,000 from the corresponding period in the
prior year, primarily due to an increase in commission payouts, executive compensation, as well
as additional personnel related to technology initiatives. 

Clearing fees, including execution
costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 345,000 and decreased by 236,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to a reduction in volume. 

Technology and communications
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,147,000 and increased by 320,000 from the corresponding period in the
prior year, primarily due to an expansion of technological infrastructure. 

Other general and administrative
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,070,000 and decreased by 38,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year. 

Data processing expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 894,000 and increased by 169,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily
due to increased market activities. 

Rent and occupancy expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 365,000 and decreased by 102,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year,
primarily due to the expiration of short term leases. 

Professional fees for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,464,000 and increased by 485,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily
due to an increase in legal and accounting fees offset by an decrease in consulting services. 

- 23 - 

Depreciation and amortization
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 350,000 and increased by 85,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to an increase in depreciation related to office facilities in 2024. 

Interest expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was 72,000 and increased by 32,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due to
the interest related to an agreement with Kakaopay in 2024. 

Advertising and promotion
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 128,000 and increased by 66,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to a reversal related to advertising expenses in 2023 as well as an increase in marketing initiatives in 2024. 

Provision For (Benefit From) Income Taxes 

The
provision from income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,005,000 and decreased by 511,000 from the corresponding
period in the prior year. The change from the corresponding period in the prior year is primarily due to the impact of finalizing the
prior year tax filings in the third quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 16 Income Taxes for additional detail. 

Net Income (Loss)
Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

As
further discussed in Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation, we consolidate RISE s financial results into our financial
statements and reflect the portion of RISE not held by Siebert as a noncontrolling interest in our financial statements. The net income
attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8,000, and increased by 12,000 from the corresponding
period in the prior year. 

Statements of Operations for the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Revenue 

Commissions and fees for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 7,173,000 and increased by 1,566,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily
due to strong market conditions. 

Interest, marketing and distribution
fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 24,948,000 and increased by 3,365,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year primarily due to an increase in interest income received on U.S. government securities and bank deposits. 

Principal transactions and
proprietary trading for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 11,277,000 and increased by 2,070,000 from the corresponding period
in the prior year, primarily due to the factors discussed below. 

The increase in realized and
unrealized gain on primarily riskless principal transactions was primarily due to strong market conditions. The increase in unrealized
gain on our portfolio of U.S. government securities was due to the following. We invested in 1-year treasury bills and 2-year treasury
notes in order to enhance our yield on excess 15c3-3 deposits. During 2022, there was an increase in U.S. government securities yields,
which created an unrealized loss on our U.S. government securities portfolio. In 2023, we began to record substantially all of the reversal
of the unrealized loss resulting in an unrealized gain due to the securities coming closer to maturity. We continually invest in US government
securities based on market yields and cash needs. 

Below is a summary of the
change in the principal transactions and proprietary trading line item for the periods presented. 

Nine Months Ended September 30 

2024 
 2023 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Realized and unrealized gain on primarily riskless principal transactions 
 10,788,000 
 6,642,000 
 4,146,000 
 
 Realized and unrealized gain on portfolio of U.S. government securities 
 489,000 
 2,565,000 
 (2,076,000 
 
 Total Principal transactions and proprietary trading 
 11,277,000 
 9,207,000 
 2,070,000 

Market making for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,706,000 and increased by 870,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due
to strong equity markets. 

Stock borrow / stock loan
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 14,578,000 and increased by 2,615,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year,
primarily due to a growth in stock locate services. 

Advisory fees for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,670,000 and increased by 249,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due
to growth in platform assets. 

Other income for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 2,527,000 and increased by 1,332,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily
due to fees related to administrative services. 

- 24 - 

Operating Expenses 

Employee compensation and
benefits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 32,569,000 and increased by 8,799,000 from the corresponding period in the
prior year, primarily due to an increase in commission payouts, executive compensation, as well
as additional personnel related to technology initiatives. 

Clearing fees, including execution
costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,011,000 and decreased by 254,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to a reduction in volume. 

Technology and communications
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2,903,000 and increased by 494,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to an expansion of technological infrastructure. 

Other general and administrative
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 3,169,000 and decreased by 151,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to a decrease in office expenses. 

Data processing expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2,377,000 and increased by 60,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily
due to increased market activities. 

Rent and occupancy expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,240,000 and decreased by 196,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year,
primarily due to a discontinued rent expense related to the temporary Miami office. 

Professional fees for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 3,741,000 and increased by 681,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily
due to an increase in legal and accounting fees offset by an decrease in consulting services. 

Depreciation and amortization
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 941,000 and increased by 225,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to an increase in depreciation related to office facilities in 2024. 

Interest expense for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 183,000 and decreased by 39,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due to
the repayment of a loan with East West Bank in the second quarter of 2023. 

Advertising and promotion
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 225,000 and increased by 173,000 from the corresponding period in the prior
year, primarily due to a reversal related to advertising expenses in 2023 as well as an increase in marketing initiatives in 2024. 

Non-Operating Income (Loss) 

The earnings of equity method
investment in related party for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0 and decreased by
 111,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due to the exit of our investment in Tigress in the third quarter
of 2023. 

The impairment of investment
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0 and decreased by 1,035,000 from the corresponding
period in the prior year, primarily due to the impairment of our investment in a trading technology provider and the impairment of our
investment in Tigress occurring in 2023. 

Provision For (Benefit From) Income Taxes 

The
provision from income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3,952,000 and increased by 331,000 from the corresponding
period in the prior year. The change from the corresponding period in the prior year is primarily due to increased pre-tax earnings in
the nine months ending September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 16 Income Taxes for additional detail. 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling
Interests 

As
further discussed in Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation, we consolidate RISE s financial results into our financial
statements and reflect the portion of RISE not held by Siebert as a noncontrolling interest in our financial statements. The net income
attributable to noncontrolling interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 14,000, and decreased by 26,000 from the corresponding
period in the prior year,. 

- 25 - 

Statements of Financial Condition As of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Assets 

Assets as of September 30,
2024 were 579,156,000 and decreased by 222,644,000 from December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in cash and securities segregated
for regulatory purposes and securities borrowed. 

Liabilities 

Liabilities as of September
30, 2024 were 495,833,000 and decreased by 235,258,000 from December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in payables to customers
and securities loaned. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

As
of September 30, 2024, a significant portion of our assets were liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
A significant portion of our assets not held by customers or used for stock borrow / stock loan consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents,
securities owned, at fair value, which are marked-to-market daily, and receivables from and deposits with broker-dealers and clearing
organizations. 

We
expect to use our available cash, cash equivalents, and potential future borrowings under our debt agreements and potential issuance of
new debt or equity, to support and invest in our core business, including investing in new ways to serve our customers, potentially seeking
strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities, and for general capital needs (including capital, deposit, and collateral requirements
imposed by regulators and SROs). 

Based
on our current level of operations, we believe our available cash, available lines of credit, overall access to capital markets, and cash
provided by operations will be adequate to meet our current liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. As of the date of this Report,
other than the items detailed in the section below, there are no known or material events that would require us to use large amounts of
our liquid assets to cover expenses. 

Kakaopay 

The
net capital infusion from Kakaopay to Siebert from the First Tranche transaction was approximately 14.8 million after the issuance cost.
This capital is currently being used to enhance our regulatory capital, and is primarily invested in U.S. government securities and is
in the line item Securities owned, at fair value on the statements of financial condition. Refer to Note 5 
Kakaopay Transaction in our 2023 Form 10-K for further detail. 

Credit Agreement 

On
August 15, 2024, we entered into the Credit Agreement with East West Bank providing a 20 million revolving credit facility, which offers
substantial financial flexibility to support our strategic initiatives. This credit facility allows the Company to fund acquisitions,
execute stock buybacks, and meet general corporate needs up to 10 million, ensuring access to capital for both growth and operational
purposes. The two-year term of the Credit Agreement, combined with a competitive interest rate structure that is tied to either the one-month
Term SOFR plus 3.15 or a minimum of 7.50 , provides a stable and predictable financing source. The personal guarantees provided by key
executives, John J. Gebbia and Gloria E. Gebbia, and their trust, further strengthen the Company s borrowing position and help secure
favorable terms. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Our
cash and cash equivalents were 4.4 million and 5.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

- 26 - 

Debt Agreements 

We
have 4.2 million outstanding on our mortgage with East West Bank and an unutilized line of credit for short term overnight demand borrowing
of up to 25 million with BMO Harris as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants related
to our mortgage agreement. 

Cash Requirements 

The
following table summarizes our short- and long-term material cash requirements as of September 30, 2024. 

Payments Due By Period 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Operating lease commitments 
 209,000 
 909,000 
 694,000 
 520,000 
 443,000 
 
 2,775,000 
 
 Kakaopay fee (1) 
 1,000,000 
 2,000,000 
 1,000,000 

4,000,000 
 
 Mortgage with East West Bank (2) 
 22,000 
 88,000 
 91,000 
 95,000 
 98,000 
 3,855,000 
 4,249,000 
 
 Technology vendors (3) 
 39,000 
 1,521,000 

1,560,000 
 
 Broadridge contract (4) 
 102,000 
 407,000 
 170,000 

679,000 
 
 Total 
 1,372,000 
 4,925,000 
 1,955,000 
 615,000 
 541,000 
 3,855,000 
 13,263,000 

(1) Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement with Kakaopay, we will
pay Kakaopay a fee of 5 million payable in ten quarterly installments beginning in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 5 
Kakaopay Transaction in our 2023 Form 10-K for further detail. 

(2) On December 30, 2021, we purchased the Miami office building
and financed part of the purchase price with a mortgage with East West Bank. 

(3) We have entered into agreements with technology vendors for
certain development projects related to our Retail Platform. As of September 30, 2024, we have incurred approximately 2.8 million out
of the 4.4 million total budget for these vendors. 

(4) In June 2023, we entered into an amendment to its service agreement
with Broadridge Securities Processing Solutions, LLC with a total minimum expense of approximately 1.2 million for this arrangement. 

Shelf Registration
Statement 

On
February 18, 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was declared effective on March 2, 2022 by the SEC for the
potential offering, issuance and sale by Siebert of up to 100.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, warrants to purchase our
common stock and/or preferred stock, units consisting of all or some of these securities and subscription rights to purchase all or some
of these securities. However, since we filed the 2023 Form 10-K after its scheduled due date, we no longer satisfy the eligibility requirements
for use of registration statements on Form S-3, which requires that we file in a timely manner all reports required to be filed during
the prior twelve calendar months. As a result, we have suspended use of the shelf registration statement. 

Net Capital, Reserve
Accounts, Segregation of Funds, and Other Regulatory Requirements 

MSCO
is subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rules of the SEC (Rule 15c3-1) and the Customer Protection Rule (15c3-3) of the Exchange Act and
maintains capital and segregated cash reserves in excess of regulatory requirements. Requirements under these regulations may vary; however,
MSCO has adequate reserves and contingency funding plans in place to sufficiently meet any regulatory requirements. In addition to net
capital requirements, as a self-clearing broker-dealer, MSCO is subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearing houses,
such as the DTCC and OCC, which may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients trading
activity and market volatility. RISE, as a member of FINRA, is subject to the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1 and the corresponding
regulatory capital requirements. 

MSCO can transfer funds to
Siebert as long as MSCO maintains its liquidity and regulatory capital requirements. RISE can transfer funds to its shareholders, of which
Siebert is entitled to its proportional ownership interest, as long as RISE maintains its liquidity and regulatory capital requirements.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, MSCO and RISE had sufficient net capital to meet their respective liquidity
and regulatory capital requirements. Refer to Note 17 Capital Requirements for more detail about our capital requirements. 

Cash Flows 

Cash
used in operating activities consisted of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items. Net operating assets and liabilities at any
specific point in time are subject to many variables, including variability in customer activity, the timing of cash receipts and payments,
and vendor payment terms. The total changes in our statements of cash flows, especially our operating cash flow, are not necessarily indicative
of the ongoing results of our business as we have customer assets and liabilities on our statements of financial condition. 

- 27 - 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities decreased by 15.9 million compared to the prior year period,
which was primarily driven by the net change in securities borrowed and securities loaned, receivables from broker-dealers and clearing
organizations, receivables from customers, payables to non-customers and securities owned, at fair value. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in investing activities increased by 3.4 million compared to the prior year period,
which was primarily driven by the purchase of software related to the Retail Platform as well as the acquisition of GE in 2024. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash flows used in financing activities decreased by 13.1 million compared to 2023, which was primarily driven by
the issuance of shares related to the transaction with Kakaopay in 2023. 

Long Term Contracts 

Effective
August 1, 2021, MSCO entered into an amendment to its clearing agreement with NFS that, among other things, extends the term of their
arrangement for an additional four-year period commencing on August 1, 2021 and ending July 31, 2025. As part of this agreement, we received
a one-time business development credit of 3 million, and NFS will pay us four annual credits of 100,000 over the term of the agreement.
The amendment also provides for an early termination fee; however, as of September 30, 2024, we do not expect to terminate the contract
with NFS before the end of the contract term. Refer to Note 14 Deferred Contract Incentive and Note 19 Commitments, Contingencies
and Other for additional detail. 

Effective
June 2023, MSCO entered into an amendment to its service agreement with Broadridge Securities Processing Solutions, LLC that, among other
things, extends the term of their arrangement for a five-year period ending June 2028, with an option to terminate after three years.
The total minimum expense for this arrangement is estimated at approximately 1.2 million over the duration of the contract. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We
enter into various transactions to meet the needs of customers, conduct trading activities, and manage market risks and are, therefore,
subject to varying degrees of market and credit risk. In the normal course of business, our customer activities involve the execution,
settlement, and financing of various customer securities transactions. These activities may expose us to off-balance sheet risk in the
event the customer or other broker is unable to fulfill their contracted obligations and we are forced to purchase or sell the financial
instrument underlying the contract at a loss. There were no material losses for unsettled customer transactions for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Refer to Note 18 Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk for additional detail. 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

We account for uncertain tax
positions in accordance with the authoritative guidance issued under ASC 740-10, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits
claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. We may recognize the tax benefit from
an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740-10 also
provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements. 

We recognize interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the provision for income taxes line on the statements of operations. Accrued interest
and penalties would be included on the related tax liability line on the statements of financial condition. 

As of both September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an uncertain tax position of 1,405,000 related to various tax matters, which is included
in the line item Taxes payable in the statements of financial condition. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Certain of our accounting
policies that involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity are discussed in Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Form 10-K. As of September 30, 2024, there have
been no changes to our critical accounting policies or estimates. 

- 28 - 

New Accounting Standards 

In November 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. This ASU
updates reportable segment disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. This ASU
is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented
in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company s disclosures. 

In December 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ). The ASU is intended to enhance the
transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The amendments in the ASU address investor requests for enhanced income
tax information primarily through changes to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. ASU 2023-09 will be effective
for us for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, though early adoption is permitted. We are still evaluating the presentational
effect that ASU 2023-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements, but we expect considerable changes to our income tax footnote. 

Refer to Note 2 New
Accounting Standards for additional information regarding new ASUs issued by the FASB. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Financial Instruments Held For Trading Purposes 

We do not directly engage
in derivative transactions, have no interest in any special purpose entity and have no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, for the debt
of another entity. 

Financial Instruments Held For Purposes Other
Than Trading 

We generally invest our cash
and cash equivalents temporarily in dollar denominated bank account(s). These investments are not subject to material changes in value
due to interest rate movements. 

We invest cash and securities
segregated for regulatory purposes in dollar denominated bank accounts which are not subject to material changes in value due to interest
rate movements. We also invest cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes and securities owned, at fair value in U.S. government
securities which may be subject to material changes in value due to interest rate movements. Securities owned, at fair value invested
in U.S. government securities are generally purchased to enhance yields on required regulatory deposits. While the value of the government
securities may be subject to material changes in value, we believe any reduction in value would be temporary since the securities would
mature at par value. 

Customer transactions are
cleared through clearing brokers on a fully disclosed basis and are also self-cleared by MSCO. If customers do not fulfill their contractual
obligations any loss incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities at prevailing market prices to satisfy customer obligations
may be incurred by Siebert. We regularly monitor the activity in customer accounts for compliance with margin requirements. We are exposed
to the risk of loss on unsettled customer transactions if customers and other counterparties are unable to fulfill their contractual obligations.
There were no material losses for unsettled customer transactions in the last five years. 

See
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Trends and Key Factors
Affecting our Operations of this Report for our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 

- 29 - 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
our Executive Vice President / Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based
on its evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President / Chief Financial Officer, concluded
that as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective, based on the
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as previously disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Ongoing Remediation of Previously Identified
Material Weakness 

Management
is in the process of implementing the following measures to ensure that the control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness
are remediated: (i) designing and implementing controls related to provisioning, privileged access, and user access reviews, (ii) developing
an enhanced risk assessment process to evaluate logical access, and (iii) improving the existing training program associated with control
design and implementation. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient
period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation
will be completed as of the year-ended December 31, 2024. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting 

- 30 - 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are party to certain claims,
suits and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. 

As of the date of this Report,
we do not expect that these claims, suits and complaints will have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In addition to the other information
set forth in this Report, investors should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors in our 2023
Form 10-K and under Part II, Item 1A. of our Form 10-Qs. Each of such risk factors could materially affect our business, financial position,
and results of operations. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our 2023
Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

None
of our directors or officers , or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

- 31 - 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 

10.44 
 
 East West Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 29, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-05703) filed on August 20, 2024). 

10.45 
 
 East West Revolver Note Agreement, dated July 29, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-05703) filed on August 20, 2024). 

10.46 
 
 Continuing Guaranty, dated July 29, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-05703) filed on August 20, 2024). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 # 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 # 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith 

# This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it
be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

- 32 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ John J. Gebbia 

John J. Gebbia 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew H. Reich 

Andrew H. Reich 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

- 33 - 

<EX-10.44>
 2
 ea021989101ex10-44_siebert.htm
 EAST WEST LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED JULY 29, 2024

Exhibit 10.44 

Execution
Version 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

by and between 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. , 

 as Borrower 

and 

EAST WEST BANK , 

 as Bank 

Dated as of July 29, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 1. 
 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
 1 

1.1 
 Definitions 
 1 

1.2 
 Accounting Terms 
 1 

1.3 
 Other Definitional Terms; Rules of Interpretation 
 1 

2. 
 LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 
 1 

2.1 
 Credit Extension 
 1 

2.2 
 Payments 
 3 

2.3 
 Crediting Payments 
 4 

2.4 
 Fees 
 4 

2.5 
 Additional Costs 
 4 

2.6 
 Taxes 
 5 

2.7 
 Term 
 5 

3. 
 CONDITIONS OF ADVANCES. 
 6 

3.1 
 Conditions Precedent to Closing 
 6 

3.2 
 Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions 
 7 

4. 
 CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST. 
 8 

4.1 
 Grant of Security Interest 
 8 

4.2 
 Perfection of Security Interest 
 8 

4.3 
 Collateral Management 
 8 

4.4 
 Assignment of Insurance 
 9 

5. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
 9 

5.1 
 Due Organization and Qualification 
 9 

5.2 
 Due Authorization; No Conflict 
 9 

5.3 
 Enforceability 
 10 

5.4 
 Indebtedness 
 10 

5.5 
 Margin Security and Use of Proceeds 
 10 

5.6 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates 
 10 

5.7 
 No Defaults 
 10 

5.8 
 Employee Matters 
 10 

5.9 
 Collateral 
 10 

5.10 
 [intentionally omitted] 
 10 

5.11 
 Environmental Matters 
 10 

5.12 
 ERISA Matters 
 11 

5.13 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Laws 
 11 

5.14 
 Name; Location of Chief Executive Office; Locations of Collateral 
 11 

5.15 
 Litigation 
 11 

5.16 
 Accuracy of Financial Statements 
 11 

5.17 
 Solvency, Payment of Debts 
 11 

5.18 
 Compliance with Laws and Regulations 
 12 

5.19 
 Government Consents 
 12 

5.20 
 Affiliate Transactions 
 12 

5.21 
 Names and Trade Names 
 12 

5.22 
 Beneficial Ownership Certificate 
 12 

5.23 
 Full Disclosure 
 12 

i 

6. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 13 

6.1 
 Good Standing and Government Compliance 
 13 

6.2 
 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates 
 13 

6.3 
 Taxes 
 14 

6.4 
 Insurance 
 14 

6.5 
 Financial Covenants 
 14 

6.6 
 Creation/Acquisition of Subsidiaries 
 14 

6.7 
 Maintenance of Books and Records 
 15 

6.8 
 Notices 
 15 

6.9 
 Compliance with Laws and Maintenance of Permits 
 16 

6.10 
 Inspection and Field Examinations 
 16 

6.11 
 Collateral 
 16 

6.12 
 Use of Proceeds 
 16 

6.13 
 Intellectual Property 
 16 

6.14 
 Patriot Act, Bank Secrecy Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 17 

6.15 
 Deposit Relationships 
 17 

6.16 
 Further Assurances 
 17 

6.17 
 Distributions After Default 
 17 

7. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 
 17 

7.1 
 Transfers 
 17 

7.2 
 Change in Name,
 Location, Executive Office, or Executive Management; Change in Business; Change in Fiscal Year; Change in Control 
 17 

7.3 
 Mergers or Acquisitions 
 17 

7.4 
 Indebtedness 
 17 

7.5 
 Encumbrances 
 18 

7.6 
 Distributions 
 18 

7.7 
 Investments 
 18 

7.8 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 18 

7.9 
 Reserved 
 18 

7.10 
 No Investment Company; Margin Regulation 
 18 

7.11 
 Use of Proceeds 
 18 

7.12 
 ERISA 
 18 

8. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 18 

8.1 
 Payment Default 
 18 

8.2 
 Covenant Default 
 19 

8.3 
 Defective Perfection 
 19 

8.4 
 Levy, Seizure or Attachment 
 19 

8.5 
 Insolvency 
 19 

8.6 
 Other Agreements 
 19 

8.7 
 Subordinated Debt 
 19 

8.8 
 Judgments 
 19 

8.9 
 Misrepresentations 
 19 

8.10 
 Material Adverse Effect 
 20 

8.11 
 Guaranty 
 20 

8.12 
 Change in Control 
 20 

8.13 
 SEC, FINRA, Related Fines 
 20 

8.14 
 SIPC, SEC, FINRA, Further Actions 
 20 

ii 

9. 
 BANK S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. 
 20 

9.1 
 Rights and Remedies 
 20 

9.2 
 Power of Attorney 
 21 

9.3 
 Accounts Collection 
 22 

9.4 
 Bank Expenses 
 22 

9.5 
 Bank s Liability for Collateral 
 22 

9.6 
 No Obligation to Pursue Others 
 22 

9.7 
 Remedies Cumulative 
 22 

9.8 
 Demand; Protest 
 22 

10. 
 NOTICES 
 23 

11. 
 CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; JUDICIAL REFERENCE 
 23 

11.1 
 Governing Law and Venue 
 23 

11.2 
 JURY TRIAL WAIVER 
 23 

11.3 
 JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION 
 23 

12. 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
 24 

12.1 
 Successors and Assigns 
 24 

12.2 
 Indemnification 
 24 

12.3 
 Time of Essence 
 24 

12.4 
 Severability of Provisions 
 24 

12.5 
 Correction of Loan Documents 
 24 

12.6 
 Amendments in Writing, Integration 
 24 

12.7 
 Counterparts; Electronic Execution 
 24 

12.8 
 Survival 
 25 

12.9 
 Confidentiality 
 25 

12.10 
 Right of Set Off 
 25 

12.11 
 Captions 
 25 

12.12 
 Construction of Agreement 
 25 

12.13 
 Relationship 
 25 

12.14 
 Third Parties 
 26 

12.15 
 Patriot Act 
 26 

12.16 
 No Consequential Damages 
 26 

iii 

EXHIBITS 

A 
 - 
 Definitions 
 
 B 
 - 
 [intentionally omitted] 
 
 C 
 - 
 Form of Compliance Certificate Notice of 
 
 D 
 - 
 Borrowing 
 
 E 
 - 
 Form of Extension Request 
 
 F 
 - 
 Form of Revolver Note 

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES 

4.1 
 
 Permitted Liens 
 
 5.4 
 
 Debt 
 
 5.6 
 
 Affiliates 
 
 5.12 
 
 ERISA 
 
 5.14 
 
 Locations 
 
 5.15 
 
 Commercial Tort Claims 
 
 5.20 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 5.21 
 
 Trade Names, Assumed Names, Fictitious Names or Division Names in the operation of its business 
 
 7.7 
 
 Permitted Investments 

iv 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This LOAN AND
SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of July 29, 2024, is entered into by and between EAST WEST BANK ,
a California banking corporation Bank and SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. , a New York corporation Borrower ),
with reference to the following facts: 

RECITALS 

A. 
 Borrower has requested that Bank make revolver loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Revolver Cap, the proceeds
of which Borrower will use (a) to pay a portion of the purchase consideration payable in connection with any Proposed Acquisition or Permitted
Stock Buyback and (b) for general corporate purposes in an amount not to exceed Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000); and 

B. 
 Bank is willing to provide or make such loans and other financial accommodations to Borrower for such purposes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION . 

1.1 Definitions . As used
in this Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the respective meanings set forth on Exhibit A. The terms Account Debtor, 
 Chattel Paper, Commercial Tort Claims, Control, Control Agreement, Deposit
Accounts, Documents, Electronic Chattel Paper, Fixtures, General Intangibles, 
 Goods, Instruments, Inventory, Investment Property, Letter-of-Credit Right, 
 Proceeds, Security Certificate, Intangible Chattel Paper, and any other term defined in the
UCC and used herein without definition shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the UCC. 

1.2 
 Accounting Terms . Any accounting term not specifically defined on Exhibit A shall be construed in accordance with GAAP,
and all financial covenant calculations shall be made in accordance with GAAP. The term financial statements shall include
the accompanying notes and schedules. 

1.3 
 Other Definitional Terms; Rules of Interpretation . The words hereof, herein and hereunder 
and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement. References to Sections, subsections, Exhibits, Schedules and the like, are to Sections and subsections of, or Exhibits
or Schedules attached to, this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided. The words include, includes 
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. Unless the context in which
used herein otherwise clearly requires, or has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase and/or. Defined
terms include in the singular number the plural and in the plural number the singular. Reference to any agreement (including the Loan
Documents), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or modified and in effect from time to time
in accordance with the terms thereof (and, if applicable, in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Loan Documents), except where
otherwise explicitly provided, and reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note which is an extension or renewal thereof
or a substitute or replacement therefor. Reference to any law, rule, regulation, order, decree, requirement, policy, guideline, directive
or interpretation means as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect on the determination
date, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT. 

2.1 Credit Extension. 

(a) Promise to Pay .
Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to Bank, in lawful money of the United States of America, the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of all Credit Extensions made by Bank to Borrower, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid
principal amount of such Credit Extensions at the rates set forth herein, and all other Obligations owing by Borrower to Bank, in
each case as and when due in accordance with the terms hereof. 

1 

(b) Advances under
Revolver Line . Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Borrower may request Advances in an aggregate
outstanding amount at any time not to exceed the Revolver Cap. Amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1(b) may be repaid
and reborrowed at any time prior to the Revolver Maturity Date. On the Revolver Maturity Date, all outstanding Obligations under
this Section 2.1(b) shall be immediately due and payable. Borrower may prepay Advances under this Section 2.1(b) at
any time without prepayment premium or penalty. Interest shall accrue from the date of each Advance at the rate specified in Section
2.1(d) and shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.2 . 

(c) Form of Advance Request .
Whenever Borrower desires an Advance under this Section 2.1(c) , Borrower will notify Bank by e-mail transmission of a completed
an advance request in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto (each, a Advance Request no later than 4:00 p.m. Pacific
time on the Business Day that an Advance is to be made. Bank is authorized to make Advances under this Agreement based upon instructions
received from a Responsible Officer or a designee of a Responsible Officer, or without instructions if in Bank s reasonable discretion
such Advances are necessary to meet Obligations which have become due and remain unpaid. Bank shall be entitled to rely on any telephonic
notice given by a person who Bank reasonably believes to be a Responsible Officer or a designee thereof, and Borrower shall indemnify
and hold Bank harmless for any damages or loss suffered by Bank as a result of such reliance. Bank will credit the amount of Advances
made under this Section 2.1(c) to such deposit account or Obligation as Borrower specifies. 

(d) Interest Rate . Except
as set forth in Section 2.2(e), each Advance shall bear interest, on the outstanding daily balance thereof, at a rate of interest per
annum equal to the greater of: (a) SOFR plus 3.15 and (b) 7.50 . 

(e) Default Rate . All
Obligations shall bear interest, from and after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, until such time that
such Event of Default has been remedied to Bank s satisfaction, as determined by Bank in its sole discretion or all outstanding
Obligations have been paid in full, at a rate equal to three (3) percentage points above the respective interest rates applicable immediately
prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default. 

(f) Computation of Interest .
All interest chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 360 day year for the actual number of days elapsed. 

(g) Inability to
Determine SOFR . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that (i) the Index is permanently or indefinitely
unavailable or unascertainable, (ii) the Index can no longer be lawfully relied upon in contracts of this nature by one or both of
the parties, or (iii) the Index does not accurately and fairly reflect the cost of making or maintaining the type of loans or
advances under this Agreement and in any such case, such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, then all references to the
interest rate herein will instead be to a replacement rate determined by Bank in its sole judgment, including any adjustment to the
replacement rate to reflect a different credit spread, term or other mathematical adjustment deemed necessary by the Bank in its
sole judgment. Bank will provide reasonable notice to Borrower of such replacement rate, which will be effective on the date of the
earliest event set forth in clauses (i)-(iii) of this paragraph. If there is any ambiguity as to the date of occurrence of any such
event, Bank s judgment will be dispositive. Bank may also from time to time, in Bank s sole discretion, make any
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length or applicability of
lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) Conforming Changes that Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such
replacement rate and to permit the administration of the loans by Bank an administratively and operationally practicable manner. If
there is any ambiguity as to the date of occurrence of any such event, Bank s judgment will be dispositive. Bank does not
warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the administration of, submission of,
calculation of or any other matter related to any replacement rate, any component definition thereof or rates referenced in the
definition thereof or any alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto, including whether the composition or characteristics of
any such alternative, comparable or successor rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have
the same volume or liquidity as the immediately preceding interest index rate or any other interest rate index, or (b) the effect,
implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. 

2 

(h) Additional Conditions on
Advances . In addition to the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 , Bank shall have no obligation to make a requested
Advance if: 

(i) 
 After giving effect to the requested Advance, the aggregate amount of the outstanding Advances would exceed Revolver Cap; 

(ii) Solely with respect to a requested Advance
for a Proposed Acquisition, any of the following apply: 

a. 
 the Required Documentation either (x) has not been delivered to Bank at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the date that
Borrower requests such Advance be funded; or (y) is not in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank; 

b. 
 Either (x) true and correct copies of the fully executed Acquisition Documents with respect to the Proposed Acquisition have not
been delivered to Bank at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date that Borrower requests such Advance be funded, or (y) such Acquisition
Documents are not in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank; and 

c. 
 Either (x) a true and correct copy of the fully executed Acquisition Certificate with respect to the Proposed Acquisition has not
been delivered to Bank at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date that Borrower requests such Advance be funded, or (y) such Acquisition
Certificate is not in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank. 

(i) Solely with respect to a requested Advance
for a Permitted Stock Buyback, the following applies: 

a. 
 Either (x) such Permitted Stock Buyback Certificate is not in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank or (y) the Borrower
has not delivered notice to Bank of such Permitted Stock Buyback concurrently with any announcement made by Borrower to the SEC or any
other relevant Governmental Authority. 

(j) 
 Mandatory Prepayment Upon an Acceleration . If the Obligations are accelerated following the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.1 , Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank an amount equal to the sum of: (i) all outstanding
principal plus accrued but unpaid interest, plus (ii) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable, including Bank Expenses
and interest at the default rate described in Section 2.1(e) with respect to any past due amounts. 

2.2 Payments . 

(a) 
 Interest hereunder on each Advance shall be due and payable on the first Business Day of each month during the term hereof. 

(b) 
 Bank shall, at its option, charge any interest, all Bank Expenses, all Periodic Payments and all other Obligations against any
of Borrower s deposit accounts or against the Revolver Line, in which case those amounts shall thereafter accrue interest at the
highest rate chargeable hereunder. Any interest not paid when due shall be compounded by becoming part of the Obligations, and such interest
shall thereafter accrue interest at the interest rate set forth in Section 2.1(e) . 

3 

(c) 
 Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable Law, payments will be applied first to any accrued unpaid interest as shown on
the most recent statement or bill provided to Borrower (if no statement or bill has been provided for any reason, it shall be applied
to the unpaid interest accrued since the last payment); then to principal; then to any late charges; and then to any unpaid collection
costs. 

(d) 
 Borrower will pay all amounts owing under the Loan Documents to Bank at Bank s address specified herein or at such other
place as Bank may designate in writing. 

(e) If at any time the aggregate
balance of outstanding Advances taken as a whole exceeds the Revolver Cap, such excess principal amount shall be immediately due and
payable to Bank without the necessity of any demand, whether or not an Event of Default has occurred. 

2.3 Crediting Payments . 

(a) Bank shall have the
right, in its sole discretion, to immediately apply any wire transfer of funds, check, or other item of payment Bank may receive to
conditionally reduce Obligations, but such applications of funds shall not be considered a payment on account unless such payment is
of immediately available federal funds or unless and until such check or other item of payment is honored when presented for
payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any wire transfer or payment received by Bank after 12:00 p.m.
Pacific time shall be deemed to have been received by Bank as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day.
Whenever any payment to Bank under the Loan Documents would otherwise be due (except by reason of acceleration) on a date that is
not a Business Day, such payment shall instead be due on the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as the case may be,
shall accrue and be payable for the period of such extension. 

2.4 Fees . Borrower shall pay to Bank the following: 

(a) Origination Fee .
On the Closing Date, a fee equal to one half of one percent (0.50 of the Revolver Line (each an Origination
Fee ). 

(b) Extension Fee .
Subject to Section 2.7(b), if the Bank has agreed in writing to an extension of the Initial Term under the Revolver Maturity Date by
the Renewal Term, a fee equal to one hundred twenty-five thousandths of one percent (0.125 of the Revolver Line on the Approval
Date. 

(c) Bank Expenses .
(i) On the Closing Date, all Bank Expenses incurred through the Closing Date, and (ii) after the Closing Date, all Bank Expenses, as
and when they become due. 

(d) Late Charges . If any amount payable
under the Loan Document is more than ten (10) days late, Borrower will be charged six percent (6 of the unpaid portion of such amount,
or 5.00, whichever is greater. 

2.5 Additional Costs . 

(a) If
Bank shall determine that the adoption or implementation of any applicable Law, rule, regulation, or treaty regarding capital
adequacy, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority,
central bank, or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by Bank (or its
applicable lending office) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any
such authority, central bank, or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of Bank
or any person or entity controlling Bank Bank s Parent as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a
level below that which Bank (or Bank s Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, change, or compliance (taking into
consideration policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Bank to be material, then from time to time, within
five (5) days after demand by Bank, Borrower shall pay to Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Bank for such
reduction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and
all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all requests,
rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) (including pursuant to Basel III) shall in each case be
deemed to be a change in law for purposes of this Agreement, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. A statement of Bank
claiming compensation under this Section 2.5 and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be
conclusive absent manifest error. 

4 

(b) 
 Borrower authorizes Bank, at its sole option, to (i) debit an Advance on or after the Closing Date (ii) debit any other Borrower
account with Bank, or (iii) make demand upon Borrower, for payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by Bank
in connection with the negotiation and documentation of the Revolver Line by counsel retained by Bank, which attorney s fees and
expenses become due through the Closing Date and/or after the Closing Date. 

2.6 Taxes . 

(a) 
 Withholding . Any and all payments by Borrower to or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, provided
that, if Borrower shall be required by any applicable Law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from such payments,
then: (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable
to additional sums payable under this Section 2.6(a) ), Bank receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions been made; (ii) Borrower shall make such deductions; and (iii) Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. 

(b) 
 Obligation to Pay . Without limiting the provisions of Section 2.6(a) , Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. 

(c) 
 Indemnity . Borrower shall indemnify Bank, within ten days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes (including Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.6 paid by
Bank and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by Bank shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) 
 Receipts . If requested in writing by Bank, Borrower shall deliver to Bank, as soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory
to Bank. 

(e) 
 Refunds . If Bank receives a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Borrower or with respect
to which Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.6 , it shall pay to Borrower an amount equal to such refund
(but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Borrower under this Section 2.6 with respect
to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out of pocket expenses of Bank and without interest (other than any
interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that Borrower, upon the request of Bank, agrees
to repay the amount paid over to Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
to Bank in the event Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section 2.6(e) shall not be construed
to require Bank to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to Borrower
or any other Person. 

2.7 
 Term . This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date and shall continue in full force and effect for so long
as any Obligations remain outstanding under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing: 

(a) Bank shall have no obligation
to make any Advance after the Revolver Maturity Date, 

5 

(b) 
 At the option of Borrower, Borrower may extend the Initial Term of the Revolver Maturity Date by the Renewal Term, provided that
the following conditions have been satisfied: 

(i) Bank shall have received approval for such extension request; 

(ii) 
 Borrower shall provide a written request of extension, in substantially the form of Exhibit E hereto, at least thirty (30)
days prior to the end of the Initial Term, but in on event shall such extension request be delivered prior to the first annual anniversary
of the Closing Date; 

(iii) no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension request; 

(iv) 
 no material change to Borrower s or any Guarantor s financial position has occurred since the Closing Date, as determined
by Bank in its sole discretion; 

(v) 
 The Bank has received a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank,
certifying that the conditions set forth in subclauses 

 (iii) and (iv) above have been satisfied and attaching any
financial information, documentation or other information required by Bank supporting such certification. 

(c) 
 Bank shall have the right to terminate its obligation to make Credit Extensions and declare the Obligations to be immediately due
and payable under this Agreement immediately and without notice upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
provided that in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.1 or 8.5, termination and acceleration shall occur automatically without
the need for Bank to take any action. 

3. CONDITIONS OF ADVANCES. 

3.1 
 Conditions Precedent to Closing . The obligation of Bank to make the Advances available to Borrower is subject to Bank s
receipt of each of the following documents (which shall be duly executed by each of the applicable parties thereto and otherwise in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank) and the satisfaction of each of the following conditions: 

(a) Loan Documents. 

(i) this Agreement; 

(ii) a Representations and Warranties of Officers of Borrower; 

(iii) that certain Authorization for Automatic Loan Payment executed
by Borrower as of the date hereof; 

(iv) [reserved]; 

(v) 
 each other Loan Document entered into and delivered on the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation
a guaranty in form and substance acceptable to Bank, duly executed by the Gebbia Parties; 

6 

(b) Secretary s
Certificates . An officer s certificate from Borrower dated as of the Closing Date, certifying as to (i) the Operating
Documents of Borrower (which, to the extent filed with a governmental authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by the
applicable governmental authority), (ii) the resolutions of the governing body of Borrower, (iii) the good standing, existence or
its equivalent of Borrower, certified by the Secretary of State of New York as of a date no earlier than 30 days prior to the
Closing Date, (iv) the certificates of foreign qualification/good standing (for all other jurisdictions in which Borrower is
qualified to do business, if any), certified by the applicable Secretary of State or other applicable authority of any such other
jurisdiction as of a date no earlier than 30 days prior to the Closing Date, and (v) the incumbency (including specimen signatures)
of the Responsible Officers of Borrower; 

(c) 
 Financing Statements . A financing statement on Form UCC-1 for Borrower for filing with the applicable Secretary of State
for Borrower, junior in priority only to other financing statements naming Borrower as the debtor as are approved in writing by Bank; 

(d) [intentionally omitted]; 

(e) Fees and Expenses . Payment of the
fees and Bank Expenses then due specified in Section 2.4(b) ; 

(f) 
 Closing Certificate . A closing certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, stating that (i) all representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, and (ii) on such
date no default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing; 

(g) 
 Material Adverse Effect . No Material Adverse Effect having occurred since the date of the most recent financial statements
delivered by Borrower to Bank; 

(h) 
 Financial Statements . Current financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, including audited
statements for Borrower most recently ended Fiscal Year, together with an unqualified opinion, company prepared consolidated and consolidating
balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows for the most recently ended fiscal quarter in accordance with Section 6.2 ,
and such other updated financial information as Bank may reasonably request; 

(i) [Reserved]; 

(j) [Reserved]; and 

(k) 
 Deposit Relationships . Borrower shall have transferred its primary business depository relationship to Bank, including without
limitation its general operating and administrative deposit accounts, as well its cash management services. 

(l) 
 Other Documents . Such other documents or certificates, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem
necessary or appropriate, including without limitation, a Beneficial Ownership Certificate. 

3.2 
 Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of Bank to make each Credit Extension, including the initial
Credit Extension, is further subject to the following conditions: 

(a) 
 if in connection with a Proposed Acquisition, timely receipt by Bank of the applicable Required Documentation, Acquisition Documents,
Acquisition Certificate in respect of such Credit Extension and such other documents and certifications, and completion of such other
matters (including without limitation payment of the applicable Origination Fee), as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate; 

(b) the
representations and warranties contained in Section 5 shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects on and as
of the date of the request for each Advance in the Required Documentation and on the effective date of each Credit Extension as
though made at and as of each such date provided , however , that (i) those representations and warranties expressly
referring to another date shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of such other date and (ii) any
representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or any similar standard shall be true, correct
and complete in all respects); 

7 

(c) Borrower shall deliver to
Bank an Advance Request pursuant to Section 2.1(b); and 

(d) 
 no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or would exist after giving effect to such Credit Extension. 

The request for each Credit Extension shall be deemed to
be a representation and warranty by Borrower on the date of such Credit Extension as to the accuracy of the facts referred to in this
 Section 3.2 . 

4. CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST. 

4.1 
 Grant of Security Interest . Borrower grants and pledges to Bank a continuing security interest in and Lien on all Collateral,
whether now or hereafter owned, existing, acquired or arising and wherever now or hereafter located, to secure the prompt payment of any
and all Obligations and to secure the prompt performance by Borrower of each of its covenants and duties under the Loan Documents. Except
as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, and subject only to Permitted Liens that may have priority by operation of law, such security
interest constitutes a valid, first-priority security interest in all presently existing Collateral, and will constitute a valid, first-priority
security interest in all after-acquired Collateral. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, Bank s Lien on the Collateral
shall remain in effect for so long as any Obligations are outstanding. 

4.2 
 Perfection of Security Interest . Borrower authorizes Bank to file at any time financing statements, continuation statements,
and amendments thereto that specifically describe the Collateral, and contain any other information required by the Uniform Commercial
Code for the sufficiency of filing office acceptance of any financing statement, continuation statement, or amendment, including whether
Borrower is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to Borrower, if applicable.
Borrower shall from time to time endorse and deliver to Bank, at the request of Bank, all Negotiable Collateral and other documents that
Bank may request, in form satisfactory to Bank, to perfect and continue perfected Bank s security interests in the Collateral and
in order to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated under the Loan Documents. Borrower shall have possession of the Collateral,
except where expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement or where Bank chooses to perfect its security interest by possession in addition
to the filing of a financing statement. Where Collateral is in possession of a third party bailee, Borrower shall take such steps as Bank
requests for Bank to (i) obtain an acknowledgment, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, of the bailee that the bailee holds such
Collateral for the benefit of Bank, (ii) obtain Control of any Collateral consisting of Investment Property, Deposit Accounts, Letter-of-
Credit Rights or Electronic Chattel Paper by causing the securities intermediary or depositary institution or issuing bank to execute
a control agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. Borrower will not create any Chattel Paper without placing a legend on
the Chattel Paper acceptable to Bank indicating that Bank has a security interest in the Chattel Paper. Borrower from time to time may
deposit with Bank specific cash collateral to secure specific Obligations; Borrower authorizes Bank to hold such specific balances in
pledge and to decline to honor any drafts thereon or any request by Borrower or any other Person to pay or otherwise transfer any part
of such balances for so long as the specific Obligations are outstanding. 

4.3 Collateral Management . 

(a) Until the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower shall: 

(i) 
 be entitled to receive and retain Distributions from its Subsidiaries, provided that Borrower shall deposit all Distributions received
from its Subsidiaries in a separate deposit account maintained at Bank into which no other funds shall be deposited (the Distribution
Account ); 

(ii) 
 have access to the Distribution Account and may use the funds therein in the ordinary course of its business as conducted on the
date hereof; and 

8 

(iii) 
 be entitled to exercise any voting rights with respect to the Equity Interests in Borrower s Subsidiaries and to give consents,
waivers and ratifications in respect thereof, provided that no vote shall be cast or consent, waiver or ratification given or action taken
which would be inconsistent with any of the terms of this Agreement or which would constitute or create any violation of any of such terms. 

(b) 
 Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that: 

(i) 
 all of Borrower s rights under Section 4.3(b) shall immediately and automatically terminate without Bank s need to
take any further action or give Borrower any notice; and 

(ii) 
 Bank may block Borrower s and any other Person s access to the Distribution Account, and Bank may apply the funds therein
to the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement; provided that Borrower shall not be restricted from paying its taxes in accordance
with Section 6.3 so long as it provides prior written notice to the Bank describing such taxes required to be paid. 

(c) 
 Effective only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Bank
(and any of Bank s designated officers, or employees) as Borrower s true and lawful attorney to direct Borrower s Subsidiaries
to make any Distributions that the Subsidiaries are entitled to make under applicable Law to the Distribution Account. The foregoing appointment
of Bank as Borrower s attorney in fact, and each and every one of Bank s rights and powers in this clause (d), being coupled
with an interest, are irrevocable until all of the Obligations have been fully repaid and performed and Bank s obligation to make
Term Loans hereunder is terminated. 

4.4 
 Assignment of Insurance . As additional security for the payment and performance of the Obligations, Borrower hereby assigns
to Bank any and all monies (including proceeds of insurance and refunds of unearned premiums) due or to become due under, and all other
rights of Borrower with respect to, any and all policies of insurance now or at any time hereafter covering the Collateral or any evidence
thereof or any business records or valuable papers pertaining thereto, and Borrower hereby directs the issuer of any such policy to pay
all such monies directly to Bank. At any time, whether or not an Event of Default then exists, Bank may (but need not), in Bank s
name or in Borrower s name, execute and deliver proof of claim, receive all such monies, endorse checks and other instruments representing
payment of such monies, and adjust, litigate, compromise or release any claim against the issuer of any such policy. Any monies received
as payment for any loss under any insurance policy mentioned above (other than liability insurance policies) or as payment of any award
or compensation for condemnation or taking by eminent domain, shall be paid over to Bank to be applied, at the option of Bank, either
to the prepayment of the Obligations or shall be disbursed to Borrower under staged payment terms satisfactory to Bank for application
to the cost of repairs, replacements, or restorations. Any such repairs, replacements, or restorations shall be effected with reasonable
promptness and shall be of a value at least equal to the value of the items or property destroyed prior to such damage or destruction. 

5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 

Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 

5.1 Due Organization
and Qualification . Borrower is a corporation duly existing under the laws of New York and qualified and is licensed to do
business in each other state in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be so qualified,
except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.2 Due
Authorization; No Conflict . The execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party are
within Borrower s powers, have been duly authorized, and are not in conflict with nor constitute a breach of any provision
contained in Borrower s organizational documents, nor will they constitute an event of default under any material agreement by
which Borrower is bound. Borrower is not in default under any agreement by which it is bound, except to the extent such default
would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 

9 

5.3 Enforceability .
The Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party are the legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower and are enforceable against
Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar Laws affecting the enforceability of
creditor s rights generally and to general principles of equity. 

5.4 Indebtedness . Except
for Permitted Indebtedness and the Obligations, Borrower is not obligated (directly or indirectly), for any loans or other Indebtedness. 

5.5 Margin Security and
Use of Proceeds . None of the proceeds of the Advances hereunder shall be used for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin
securities or for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase any margin securities
or for any other purpose not permitted by Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as in effect from time
to time. 

5.6 Subsidiaries and Affiliates .
Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, Borrower has no Subsidiaries or other Affiliates or divisions, nor is Borrower engaged
in any joint venture or partnership with any other Person. 

5.7 
 No Defaults . Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under any material contract, lease or commitment
to which it is a party or by which it is bound. There is no any dispute regarding any such contract, lease or commitment which would have
a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.8 
 Employee Matters . There are no controversies pending or threatened between Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and any of their respective employees, agents or independent contractors, on the other hand, other than employee grievances arising
in the ordinary course of business which would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and Borrower and its Subsidiaries
are in compliance with all Laws respecting employment and employment terms, conditions and practices except for such non-compliance which
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.9 
 Collateral . Borrower has rights in or the power to transfer the Collateral, and Borrower s title to such Collateral
is free and clear of Liens, adverse claims, and restrictions on transfer or pledge except for Permitted Liens. 

5.10 [intentionally omitted] 

5.11 
 Environmental Matters . Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has generated, used, stored, treated, transported, manufactured,
handled, produced or disposed of any Hazardous Materials, on or off its premises (whether or not owned by it) in any manner which at any
time violates in any material respect any Environmental Law or any license, permit, certificate, approval or similar authorization thereunder
and the operations of each such Person comply in all material respects with all Environmental Laws and all licenses, permits, certificates,
approvals and similar authorizations thereunder. There has been no investigation, proceeding, complaint, order, directive, claim, citation
or notice by any governmental authority or any other Person, nor is any pending or to the best of Borrower s knowledge threatened
with respect to any non-compliance with or violation of the requirements of any Environmental Law by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or the release, spill or discharge, threatened or actual, of any Hazardous Materials or the generation, use, storage, treatment, transportation,
manufacture, handling, production or disposal of any Hazardous Materials or any other environmental, health or safety matter, which affects
any such Person or its business, operations or assets or any properties at which any such Person has transported, stored or disposed of
any Hazardous Materials. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has material liability (contingent or otherwise) in connection with
a release, spill or discharge, threatened or actual, of any Hazardous Materials or the generation, use, storage, treatment, transportation,
manufacture, handling, production or disposal of any Hazardous Materials. 

10 

5.12 
 ERISA Matters . Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, neither Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates (a) maintains
or has maintained any Pension Plan, (b) contributes or has contributed to any Multiemployer Plan or (c) provides or has provided post-retirement
medical or insurance benefits with respect to employees or former employees (other than benefits required under Section 601 of ERISA,
Section 4980B of the Code or applicable state Law). Neither Borrower nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has received any notice
or has any knowledge to the effect that it is not in full compliance with any of the requirements of ERISA, the Code or applicable state
Law with respect to any Plan. No Reportable Event exists in connection with any Pension Plan. Each Plan which is intended to qualify under
the Code is so qualified, and no fact or circumstance exists which may have an adverse effect on the Plan s tax qualified status.
Neither Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has (i) any accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA and Section
412 of the Code) under any Plan, whether or not waived, (ii) any liability under Section 4201 or 4243 of ERISA for any withdrawal, partial
withdrawal, reorganization or other event under any Multiemployer Plan or (iii) any liability or knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which could result in any liability to the PBGC, the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or any participant in connection
with any Plan (other than routine claims for benefits under the Plan). 

5.13 Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Laws . 

(a) 
 To the extent applicable, Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with (i) the Patriot Act in all material respects
and (ii) any applicable anti-money laundering laws or any applicable Sanctions requirements of Law that in each case are binding on them,
except in the case of this clause (ii) where the failure to be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of management of the Borrower, none of its Subsidiaries or their respective officers or directors is an Embargoed
Person. 

(b) 
 No part of the proceeds of the Advances will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of management of Borrower, indirectly, for
any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office,
or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation
of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

(c) 
 None of Borrower or its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of management of the Borrower, any of their respective officers and directors,
will directly or indirectly use any proceeds of the Advances or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person
for the purpose of financing the activities of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of funding, is an Embargoed
Person. 

5.14 
 Name; Location of Chief Executive Office; Locations of Collateral . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules, Borrower
has not done business under any name other than that specified on the signature page hereof, and its exact legal name is as set forth
in the first paragraph of this Agreement. The chief executive office of Borrower, at which Borrower keeps its books, records and accounts
(or copies thereof) concerning the Collateral, is located in New York State. The Collateral, including the Equipment (except any part
thereof which Borrower shall have advised Bank in writing consists of Collateral normally used in more than one state) is kept, or, in
the case of vehicles, based, only at the address set forth in Section 10 hereof, and at other locations within the continental
United States of which Bank has been advised by Borrower in writing. 

5.15 
 Litigation . There are no actions or proceedings pending by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court
or administrative agency in which a likely adverse decision would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower has
no Commercial Tort Claims pending other than those set forth in the Disclosure Schedules and those of which Bank has been advised by Borrower
in writing. 

5.16 
 Accuracy of Financial Statements . All consolidated and consolidating financial statements that are delivered by Borrower
to Bank fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and the
results of operations of such Persons for the period then ended. 

5.17 Solvency,
Payment of Debts . Borrower is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature; the fair saleable value of
Borrower s assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of its liabilities; and Borrower is not
left with unreasonably small capital after the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

11 

5.18 
 Compliance with Laws and Regulations . Borrower and its Subsidiaries have met the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with
respect to any employee benefit plans subject to ERISA. No event has occurred resulting from any such Person s failure to comply
with ERISA that is reasonably likely to result in such Person s incurring any liability that could have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally,
or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within
the meaning of Regulations T and U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has
complied in all material respects with all the provisions of the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries
is in compliance with all Environmental Laws, regulations and ordinances except where the failure to comply is not reasonably likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries have violated any statutes, Laws, ordinances or rules applicable
to it, the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has
filed or caused to be filed all tax returns required to be filed, and have paid, or have made adequate provision for the payment of, all
taxes reflected therein except those being contested in good faith with adequate reserves under GAAP or where the failure to file such
returns or pay such taxes would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.19 Government
Consents . Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has obtained all consents, approvals, franchises, certificates, licenses, permits
and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all governmental authorities that are necessary
for the continued operation of such Person s business as currently conducted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably
be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.20 
 Affiliate Transactions . Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, Borrower is not conducting, permitting or suffering
to be conducted, transactions with any Affiliate other than transactions for services in the ordinary course of business pursuant to terms
that are no less favorable to such Person than the terms upon which such transactions would have been made had they been made to or with
a Person that is not an Affiliate. 

5.21 Names and
Trade Names . Borrower s name has always been as set forth on the first page of this Agreement and Borrower does not use any
trade names, assumed names, fictitious names or division names in the operation of its business, except as set forth in the Disclosure
Schedules. 

5.22 Beneficial
Ownership Certificate . The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification by Borrower to Bank delivered on or about
the Closing Date is true and correct in all respects. 

5.23 
 Full Disclosure . No representation, warranty or other statement made by Borrower in any certificate or written statement
furnished to Bank taken together with all such certificates and written statements furnished to Bank contains any untrue statement of
a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained in such certificates or statements
not misleading, it being recognized by Bank that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable
assumptions are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections and forecasts
may differ from the projected or forecasted results. 

12 

6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 

Borrower covenants that, until payment
in full of all outstanding Obligations, and for so long as Bank may have any commitment to make a Credit Extension hereunder, Borrower
shall do all of the following: 

6.1 Good Standing and
Government Compliance . Borrower shall maintain, and at Bank s request provide Bank evidence of, its organizational
existence and good standing in the Borrower State, shall maintain, and at Bank s request provide Bank evidence of,
qualification and good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could have a Material Adverse Effect,
and shall furnish to Bank the organizational identification number issued to Borrower by the authorities of the state in which
Borrower is organized, if applicable. Borrower shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, and at Bank s request provide
Bank evidence of, each such Person s organizational existence and good standing in its state of organization, shall maintain,
and at Bank s request provide Bank evidence of, qualification and good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the
failure to so qualify could have a Material Adverse Effect, and shall furnish to Bank the organizational identification number
issued to such Person by the authorities of the state in which such Person is organized, if applicable. Borrower shall meet, and
shall cause each Subsidiary to meet, the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to any employee benefit plans subject to
ERISA. Borrower shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws, and maintain all material permits,
licenses and approvals required thereunder where the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all statutes, Laws, ordinances and government rules and regulations to which
such Person is subject, and shall maintain in force all licenses, approvals and agreements, the loss of which or failure to comply
with which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.2 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates . Borrower shall deliver to Bank: 

(a) 
 as soon as available, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, audited consolidated
and consolidating financial statements of Borrower prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, together with an opinion which
is unqualified on such financial statements of an independent certified public accounting firm selected by Borrower and acceptable to
Bank and a copy of any management letter sent to Borrower by such accountants. 

(b) 
 as soon as available, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter (other than Fiscal Quarters
ending on December 31), (i) company-prepared consolidated and consolidating financial statements, including a balance sheet and statements
of income, retained earnings and cash flow, in a form acceptable to Bank and certified by a Responsible Officer, and (ii) true and correct
copies of each FOCUS Report filed during such Fiscal Quarter. 

(c) 
 concurrently with delivery of the annual financial statements required by clause (a) above and the quarterly financial statements
required by clause (b) above, a Compliance Certificate certified as of the last day of the applicable Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter and
signed by a Responsible Officer, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto. 

(d) 
 within thirty (30) days of filing of the same by any Guarantor, copies of all federal, state and other material tax returns and
reports (including without limitation all schedule K-1s attached thereto) which contain more than 50,000 in distributions; 

(e) 
 promptly upon becoming aware of the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default hereunder, a written statement of a Responsible
Officer setting forth details of the Event of Default, and the action which Borrower has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(f) 
 except as provided in clause (b) above, promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly,
monthly or other regular reports which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries files with the SEC, as well as promptly providing to Bank copies
of any reports and proxy statements delivered to its shareholders; 

(g) 
 as soon as available, but in any event with ninety (90) days of December 31 of each year personal financial statements and proof
of liquidity for each Guarantor, in a form acceptable to Bank and certified by such Guarantor; 

13 

(h) promptly following any
request therefor, Borrower shall provide information and documentation reasonably requested by Bank for purposes of compliance with
applicable know your customer requirements under the Patriot Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation or other
applicable anti-money laundering laws, including but not limited to a Beneficial Ownership Certification form acceptable to
Bank; 

(i) 
 promptly upon receipt, any notices from SEC, FINRA or any other Governmental Authority regarding any liability; and 

(j) 
 promptly following request therefor by Bank, such other business or financial data, reports, appraisals and projections as Bank
may request. 

Borrower may
deliver to Bank on an electronic basis any certificates, reports or information required pursuant to this Section 6.2 , and Bank
shall be entitled to rely on the information contained in the electronic files, provided that Bank in good faith believes that the files
were delivered by a Responsible Officer of Borrower. If Borrower delivers any such information electronically, Borrower shall also deliver
such information to Bank by U.S. Mail, reputable overnight courier service, hand delivery, facsimile or .pdf file within five (5) Business
Days after Borrower s electronic submission of such information. 

6.3 
 Taxes . Borrower shall make due and timely payment or deposit of all material federal, state, and local taxes, assessments,
or contributions required of it by Law, including, but not limited to, those Laws concerning income taxes, F.I.C.A., F.U.T.A. and state
disability, and will execute and deliver to Bank, on demand, proof satisfactory to Bank indicating that Borrower has made such payments
or deposits and any appropriate certificates attesting to the payment or deposit thereof; provided that Borrower need not make any payment
if the amount or validity of such payment is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and is reserved against (to the extent
required by GAAP) by Borrower. 

6.4 Insurance . 

(a) 
 Borrower, at its expense, shall keep the Collateral insured against loss or damage by fire, theft, explosion, sprinklers, and all
other hazards and risks, and in such amounts, as ordinarily insured against by other owners in similar businesses conducted in the locations
where Borrower s business is conducted on the Closing Date. Borrower shall also maintain liability and other insurance in amounts
and of a type that are customary to businesses similar in size and scope to Borrower s. 

(b) 
 All such policies of insurance shall be in such form, with such companies, and in such amounts as reasonably satisfactory to Bank.
Upon Bank s request, Borrower shall deliver to Bank certified copies of the policies of insurance and evidence of all premium payments.
If no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, proceeds payable under any casualty policy will, at Borrower s option, be
payable to Borrower to replace the property subject to the claim, provided that any such replacement property shall be deemed Collateral
in which Bank has been granted a first priority security interest. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all proceeds
payable under any such policy shall, at Bank s option, be payable to Bank to be applied on account of the Obligations. 

6.5 Financial Covenants . Borrower
shall comply with each of the following financial covenants: 

(a) 
 Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio . As of the end of any Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on July
31, 2024, Borrower shall maintain a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.35:1.00. 

(b) 
 Minimum Net Capital . As of the end of any Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending on July 31, 2024, MSCO
shall maintain a Net Capital of not less than 43,000,000. 

6.6 
 Creation/Acquisition of Subsidiaries . If Borrower creates or acquires any Subsidiary that at any time owns assets with a
value in excess of 100,000, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of the creation or acquisition of such Subsidiary. 

14 

6.7 
 Maintenance of Books and Records . Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, at all times keep accurate and complete
books, records and accounts with respect to all business activities in accordance with GAAP. 

6.8 Notices . Borrower shall provide written notice to Bank of the following: 

(a) 
 Investigations . Promptly upon becoming aware thereof, any action taken or threatened to be taken by any the SEC, FINRA or
any other Governmental Authority (or any notice of any of the foregoing) regarding Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(b) 
 Litigation and Proceedings . Promptly upon becoming aware thereof, (i) of any litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation
or other actions or proceedings which are pending or threatened against Borrower or any Subsidiary or to which any of the properties of
any thereof is subject which involves an amount in controversy in excess of 1,000,000, or which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) of any Commercial Tort Claims of Borrower in excess of 250,000 which may arise. 

(c) 
 Names and Trade Names . Within ten (10) days after the change of Borrower s name or the use of any trade name, assumed
name, fictitious name or division name not previously disclosed to Bank in writing. 

(d) 
 ERISA Matters . Promptly upon (i) the occurrence of any Reportable Event which might result in the termination by the PBGC
of any Plan covering any officers or employees of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any benefits of which are, or are required to be,
guaranteed by the PBGC, (ii) receipt of any notice from the PBGC of its intention to seek termination of any Plan or appointment of a
trustee therefore, (iii) its intention to terminate or withdraw from any Plan, (iv) the institution of any steps by any member of the
Controlled Group or any other Person to terminate any Pension Plan, (v) the failure of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any their
respective ERISA Affiliates of any member of the Controlled Group or any other Person to make a required contribution to any Pension Plan
(if such failure is sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA) or to any Multiemployer Plan, (vi) the taking of
any action with respect to a Pension Plan which could result in the requirements that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries furnish a bond
or other security to the PBGC or such Pension Plan, (vii) the occurrence of any event with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer
Plan which could result in the incurrence by any ERISA Affiliate or any member of the Controlled Group of any liability, fine or penalty
(including any claim or demand for withdrawal liability or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan) in excess of 100,000, (viii)
any increase in excess of 100,000 in the contingent liability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any post-retirement
welfare plan benefit, or (ix) any notice that any Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization, that increased contributions may be required
to avoid a reduction in plan benefits or the imposition of an excise tax, that any such plan is or has been funded at a rate less than
that required under Section 412 of the Code, that any such plan is or may be terminated, or that any such plan is or may become insolvent. 

(e) 
 Environmental Matters . Immediately upon becoming aware of any investigation, proceeding, complaint, order, directive, claim,
citation or notice with respect to any non-compliance with or violation of the requirements of any Environmental Law by any Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries or the generation, use, storage, treatment, transportation, manufacture handling, production or disposal of any
Hazardous Materials or any other environmental, health or safety matter which affects Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
business operations or assets or any properties at which any such Person has transported, stored or disposed of any Hazardous Materials
unless the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to result in liability to Borrower and its Subsidiaries in excess of 250,000, or
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Default; Material Adverse
Change . Promptly following becoming aware of( i) any Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the occurrence of any Event of Default
hereunder, or (iii) the occurrence of any event which, if uncured, will become an Event of Default after notice or lapse of time (or
both). 

All of the foregoing notices shall be provided by Borrower
to Bank in writing and shall describe the steps being taken by Borrower or any Subsidiary affected thereby with respect thereto. 

15 

6.9 Compliance with Laws
and Maintenance of Permits . Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain all governmental consents, franchises,
certificates, licenses, authorizations, approvals and permits, the lack of which would have a Material Adverse Effect and such Person
shall remain in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes, orders, regulations, rules and ordinances
(including Environmental Laws and statutes, orders, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to taxes, employer and employee contributions
and similar items, securities, ERISA or employee health and safety) the failure with which to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Following any determination by Bank that there is non-compliance, or any condition which requires any action by or on behalf of Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries in order to avoid non- compliance, with any Environmental Law, at Borrower s expense cause an independent
environmental engineer acceptable to Bank to conduct such tests of the relevant site(s) as are appropriate and prepare and deliver a
report setting forth the results of such tests, a proposed plan for remediation and an estimate of the costs thereof. 

6.10 Inspection and
Field Examinations . Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, permit Bank, or any Persons designated by Bank, to call
at such Person s places of business at any reasonable times, and, without hindrance or delay, to inspect the Collateral and to
inspect, audit, check and make extracts from such Person s books, records, journals, orders, receipts and any correspondence
and other data relating to such Person s business, the Collateral or any transactions between the parties hereto, and shall
have the right to make such verification concerning such Person s business as Bank may consider reasonable under the
circumstances. Borrower shall furnish to Bank such information relevant to Bank s rights under the Loan Documents as Bank
shall at any time and from time to time request. Borrower authorizes Bank to discuss the affairs, finances and business of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries with any officers, employees or directors of Borrower, its Subsidiaries, or with any Affiliate or the
officers, employees or directors of any Affiliate, and to discuss the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with
Borrower s independent public accountants. Any such discussions shall be without liability to Bank or to such independent
public accountants. For each inspection or audit conducted by Bank hereunder, Borrower shall pay to Bank all costs and out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Bank; provided that so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrower shall
not be responsible for the cost of more than one (1) inspection or audit in any Fiscal Year. All such fees, costs and expenses shall
constitute Obligations hereunder, shall be payable five (5) Business Days following written demand and, if not paid when due, shall
bear interest at the highest rate then applicable to Advances hereunder. 

6.11 Collateral .
Borrower shall keep the Collateral in good condition and order, such that the value thereof shall at all times be preserved and
maintained in all respects. Subject to the limitations on inspection rights set forth in Section 6.12 , Borrower shall permit
Bank to examine any of the Collateral at any time and wherever the Collateral may be located and, Borrower shall, immediately upon
request therefor by Bank, deliver to Bank any and all evidence of ownership of the Collateral. Bank shall, at the request of Bank,
indicate on its records concerning the Collateral a notation, in form satisfactory to Bank, of the security interest of Bank
hereunder. 

6.12 
 Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of each Credit Extension (a) to pay a portion of the consideration payable
in connection with a Proposed Acquisition of a Permitted Target, (b) to make a Permitted Stock Buyback or (c) for general corporate purposes
in an amount not to exceed Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000). 

6.13 
 Intellectual Property . Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, maintain adequate licenses, Patents, Copyrights,
Trademarks and other Intellectual Property to continue its business as heretofore conducted by it or as hereafter conducted by it unless
the failure to maintain any of the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

16 

6.14 Patriot
Act, Bank Secrecy Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control . As required by federal law and the Bank s policies and practices,
Bank may need to obtain, verify and record certain customer identification information and documentation in connection with opening or
maintaining accounts, or establishing or continuing to provide services and Borrower agrees to provide such information. In addition,
and without limiting the foregoing sentence, Borrower shall (a) ensure, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to ensure, that no Person
who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls Borrower or such Subsidiary is or shall be listed on the Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Person List or other similar lists maintained by OFAC, the Department of the Treasury or included in any Executive
Orders, (b) not use or permit the use of the proceeds of the Advances to violate any of the foreign asset control regulations of OFAC
or any enabling statute or Executive Order relating thereto, and (c) comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply, with all applicable
bank secrecy act laws and regulations. 

6.15 
 Deposit Relationships . Borrower shall at all times maintain its primary business depository relationship with Bank, including
without limitation its general operating and administrative deposit accounts, as well its cash management services. 

6.16 
 Further Assurances . At any time and from time to time Borrower and any Subsidiary shall execute and deliver such further
instruments and take such further action as may reasonably be requested by Bank to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 

6.17 
 Distributions After Default . Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower shall
cause its Subsidiaries to make Distributions directly to the Distribution Account in an amount sufficient to pay all of the outstanding
Obligations in full. 

7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 

Borrower covenants
and agrees that, so long as any credit hereunder shall be available and until the outstanding Obligations are paid in full or for so long
as Bank may have any commitment to make any Credit Extensions, Borrower will not do any of the following: 

7.1 
 Transfers . Convey, sell, lease, license, transfer or otherwise dispose of (collectively, to Transfer all or any part of its business or property, or to move cash balances on deposit with Bank to accounts opened at another financial institution,
other than Permitted Transfers. 

7.2 
 Change in Name, Location, Executive Office, or Executive Management; Change in Business; Change in Fiscal Year; Change in Control .
Change its name or the Borrower State or relocate its chief executive office without thirty (30) days prior written notification to Bank;
change any Key Employee (i) without prompt written notice to Bank and (ii) unless a replacement for a Key Employee is approved by such
Person s Board of Directors and engaged by such Person within ninety (90) days after such change, subject to the reasonable satisfaction
of Bank; engage in any business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business, other than or reasonably related or incidental
to the businesses currently engaged in by such Persons; change or permit any of its Subsidiaries to change, its Fiscal Year end; or have
a Change in Control without Bank s prior written consent, provided that Bank s consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed solely with respect to a Change in Control that occurs under clause (a) of such definition. 

7.3 
 Mergers or Acquisitions Except in connection with the making of an Advance in accordance with the Required Documents submitted
in connection therewith or for any merger involving Borrower in which Borrower is the surviving entity and no Change in Control occurs,
enter into any merger or consolidation or permit any Subsidiary to do so without the prior written consent of Bank; purchase the stock,
other equity interests or all or a material portion of the assets of any Person or division of such Person or permit any of its Subsidiaries
to do so; or enter into any other transaction outside the ordinary course of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries business,
including any purchase, redemption or retirement of any shares of any class of its stock or any other equity interest, and any issuance
of any shares of, or warrants or other rights to receive or purchase any shares of, any class of its stock or any other equity interest.
Borrower shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to form any Subsidiaries or enter into any joint ventures or partnerships with any other
Person. 

7.4 
 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume, guarantee or be or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, other than Permitted
Indebtedness, or prepay any Indebtedness or take any actions which impose on Borrower an obligation to prepay any Indebtedness. 

17 

7.5 Encumbrances .
Create, incur, assume or allow any Lien with respect to any of its property, or assign or otherwise convey any right to receive income,
including the sale of any Accounts, except for Permitted Liens, or covenant to any other Person that Borrower in the future will refrain
from creating, incurring, assuming or allowing any Lien with respect to any of Borrower s property. 

7.6 
 Distributions . Declare or pay any dividends or make any other distribution or payment on account of or in redemption, retirement
or purchase of any capital stock or other applicable equity interest in Borrower, except for (i) distributions or dividends made by Borrower
to any Person that is not a Subsidiary of Borrower, provided that, in any Fiscal Year during the term of this Agreement and for the Fiscal
Year ended December 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of distributions or dividends made in such Fiscal Year under this subclause (i), shall
not exceed five (5 of the Net Worth of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis as of the last day of the immediately
preceding Fiscal Year and identified on audited financial statements delivered by Borrower pursuant Section 6.2(a) and Section 3(h) with
respect to the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2024, (ii) Permitted Stock Buybacks and (iii) distributions made by Borrower to Borrower s
Subsidiaries so long as both before and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom. 

7.7 
 Investments . Directly or indirectly acquire or own, or make any Investment in or to any Person, other than Permitted Investments,
or maintain or invest any of its property with a Person other than Bank or Bank s Affiliates to do so unless such Person has entered
into a control agreement with Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. 

7.8 
 Transactions with Affiliates . Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate
of Borrower except for transactions that are in the ordinary course of such Borrower s business, upon fair and reasonable terms
that are no less favorable to such Borrower than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-affiliated Person. 

7.9 Reserved . 

7.10 
 No Investment Company; Margin Regulation . Become or be controlled by an investment company within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or become principally engaged in, or undertake as one of its important activities, the business
of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, or use the proceeds of any Advance for such purpose. If requested
by Bank, Borrower will furnish to Bank a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G 3 or FR Form
0 1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

7.11 
 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of any Advance shall not be used for any purposes other than the purposes described under
Section 6.12. 

7.12 
 ERISA . Except as disclosed to the Bank in writing prior to the Closing Date, directly or through any ERISA Affiliate, (a)
adopt, create, assume or become a party to any Pension Plan, (b) incur any obligation to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan, (c) incur
any obligation to provide post-retirement medical or insurance benefits with respect to employees or former employees (other than benefits
required by Law) or (d) amend any Plan in a manner that would materially increase its funding obligations. 

8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT . 

Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an
Event of Default under this Agreement: 

8.1 
 Payment Default . If Borrower fails to pay when due any payment of principal or interest due on the Credit Extensions (which
shall include the payment of all outstanding principal, interest, and all other outstanding Obligations due on the Revolver Maturity Date),
or Borrower fails to pay any fee within three (3) Business Days after the due date thereof, or Borrower fails to pay or deposit when required
any Bank Expenses or any other amount payable hereunder or under any Loan Document within five (5) Business Days after the due date of
such payment or the deposit thereof. 

18 

8.2 Covenant Default . 

(a) 
 If Borrower fails to perform any obligation under Sections 6 of this Agreement, or violates any of the covenants contained
in Section 7 of this Agreement; or 

(b) 
 If Borrower fails or neglects to perform or observe any obligation under any other material term, provision, condition or covenant
contained in this Agreement, in any of the Loan Documents, or in any other present or future agreement between Borrower and Bank and as
to any default under such other term, provision, condition or covenant that can be cured, has failed to cure such default within thirty
(30) days after such Borrower receives notice thereof or any officer of Borrower becomes aware thereof. 

8.3 
 Defective Perfection . If Bank shall receive at any time following the Closing Date an SOS Report indicating that except
for Permitted Liens, Bank s Lien on the Collateral is not prior to all other security interests or Liens of record reflected in
the report, unless Bank s Lien on such collateral was not timely or properly perfected by Bank. 

8.4 
 Levy, Seizure or Attachment . If any material portion of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries assets is attached,
seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or is levied upon, or comes into the possession of any trustee, receiver or person acting
in a similar capacity and such attachment, seizure, writ or distress warrant or levy has not been removed, discharged or rescinded within
five (5) Business Days, or if Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from
continuing to conduct all or any material part of its business affairs, or if a judgment or other claim becomes a lien or encumbrance
upon any material portion of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries assets, or if a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is
filed of record with respect to any of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries assets by the United States Government, or any
department, agency, or instrumentality thereof, or by any state, county, municipal, or governmental agency, and the same is not paid within
fifteen (15) days after the applicable Person receives notice thereof provided that no Credit Extensions will be made during such
cure period). 

8.5 
 Insolvency . If Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries becomes insolvent, or if an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, or if an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and is not dismissed
or stayed within sixty (60) days (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the dismissal of such Insolvency Proceeding). 

8.6 
 Other Agreements . If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing under any agreement evidencing any Subordinated Debt,
or there is any failure to make any payment, except to the extent being Properly Contested, when due any payment under any agreement to
which the Borrower is a party with a third party or parties or there is any other default or other failure to perform in any other agreement
to which Borrower is a party with a third party or parties resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised,
to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount in excess of 500,000 or that would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

8.7 
 Subordinated Debt . If Borrower makes any payment on account of Subordinated Debt, except to the extent the payment is allowed
under any subordination agreement entered into with Bank relating to such Subordinated Debt. 

8.8 
 Judgments . If one or more final judgments, orders, or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in
the aggregate, of at least 2,000,000 shall be rendered against Borrower and the same are not within ten (10) days after the entry thereof,
discharged or execution thereof stayed or bonded pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration of any such
stay provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the discharge, stay, or bonding of such judgment, order or decree). 

8.9 Misrepresentations .
If any warranty or representation set forth herein or in any certificate, Loan Document or any other written communication to Bank
by any Responsible Officer pursuant to this Agreement or to induce Bank to enter into this Agreement or any other Loan Document is
false or misleading in any material respect. 

19 

8.10 
 Material Adverse Effect . If a Material Adverse Effect occurs, as determined by Bank in its sole judgment, or if any event
occurs which, in Bank s sole judgment, could have a Material Adverse Effect; 

8.11 
 Guaranty . If any guaranty of all or a portion of the Obligations (a Guaranty ceases for any reason
to be in full force and effect, or any guarantor fails to perform any obligation under any Guaranty or any security agreement securing
any Guaranty (collectively, the Guaranty Documents ), or any event of default occurs under any Guaranty Document or
any guarantor revokes or purports to revoke a Guaranty, or any material misrepresentation or material misstatement exists now or hereafter
in any warranty or representation set forth in any Guaranty Document or in any certificate delivered to Bank in connection with any Guaranty
Document, or if any of the circumstances described in Sections 8.3 through 8.8 occur with respect to any guarantor. 

8.12 Change in Control . If any Change in Control shall occur. 

8.13 
 SEC, FINRA, Related Fines . If Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000) or more in aggregate fines and other amounts
imposed by SEC, FINRA or any other similar Governmental Authority are due and payable by Borrower and its Subsidiaries at any one time. 

8.14 
 SIPC, SEC, FINRA, Further Actions . (a) If the SIPC announces its intention to file or files an application for a Protective
Decree , as such term is defined under the SIPA, with respect to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

9. BANK S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. 

9.1 
 Rights and Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may, at its election, without
notice of its election and without demand, do any one or more of the following, all of which are authorized by Borrower: 

(a) 
 Declare all Obligations, whether evidenced by this Agreement, by any of the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, immediately due
and payable provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 8.5 , all Obligations shall become
immediately due and payable without any action by Bank); 

(b) 
 Cease advancing money or extending credit to or for the benefit of Borrower under this Agreement or under any other agreement between
Borrower and Bank; 

(c) 
 Settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with account debtors for amounts, upon terms and in whatever order Bank reasonably
considers advisable; 

(d) 
 Make such payments and do such acts as Bank considers necessary or reasonable to protect its security interest in the Collateral.
Borrower agrees to assemble the Collateral if Bank so requires, and to make the Collateral available to Bank as Bank may designate. Borrower
authorizes Bank to enter the premises where the Collateral is located, to take and maintain possession of the Collateral, or any part
of it, and to pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any encumbrance, charge, or lien which in Bank s determination appears to be
prior or superior to its Lien and to pay all expenses incurred in connection therewith. With respect to premises owned by Borrower, if
any, Borrower hereby grants Bank a license to enter into possession of such premises and to occupy the same, without charge, in order
to exercise any of Bank s rights or remedies provided herein, at Law, in equity, or otherwise; 

(e) 
 Set off and apply to the Obligations any and all (i) balances and deposits of Borrower held by Bank, and (ii) indebtedness at any
time owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower by Bank; 

20 

(f) 
 Ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell (in the manner provided
for herein) the Collateral. Bank is hereby granted a license or other right, solely pursuant to the provisions of this Section 9.1 ,
to use, without charge, Borrower s labels, patents, copyrights, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks,
service marks, and advertising matter, or any property of a similar nature, as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production
of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Bank s exercise of its rights under this Section
9.1 , Borrower s rights under all licenses and all franchise agreements shall inure to Bank s benefit; 

(g) 
 Sell the Collateral at either a public or private sale, or both, by way of one or more contracts or transactions, for cash or on
terms, in such manner and at such places (including the premises of Borrower, if any) as Bank determines is commercially reasonable, and
apply any proceeds to the Obligations in whatever manner or order Bank deems appropriate. Bank may sell the Collateral without giving
any warranties as to the Collateral. Bank may specifically disclaim any warranties of title or the like. This procedure will not be considered
adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. If Bank sells any of the Collateral upon credit, Borrower
will be credited only with payments actually made by the purchaser, received by Bank, and applied to the indebtedness of the purchaser.
If the purchaser fails to pay for the Collateral, Bank may resell the Collateral and Borrower shall be credited with the proceeds of the
sale; 

(h) Bank may credit bid and purchase at any public sale; 

(i) 
 Apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or conservator of the Collateral, without notice and without regard
to the adequacy of the security for the Obligations and without regard to the solvency of Borrower or any other Person liable for any
of the Obligations; 

(j) 
 Any deficiency that exists after disposition of the Collateral as provided above will be paid immediately by Borrower; and 

(k) 
 exercise all other rights and remedies available to Bank under the Loan Documents, under applicable law, or in equity. 

Bank may comply with any applicable
state or federal law requirements in connection with a disposition of the Collateral and compliance will not be considered adversely to
affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. 

9.2 
 Power of Attorney . Effective only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower hereby
irrevocably appoints Bank (and any of Bank s designated officers, or employees) as Borrower s true and lawful attorney to:
(a) send requests for verification of Accounts or notify account debtors of Bank s security interest in the Accounts; (b) endorse
such Person s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security that may come into Bank s possession, cash or deposit
such checks or other items of payment or security, and apply to the Obligations all proceeds of such checks or other items; (c) sign such
Person s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any Account, drafts against account debtors, schedules and assignments
of Accounts, verifications of Accounts, and notices to account debtors; (d) dispose of any Collateral and apply all cash sale proceeds
to the Obligations; (e) make, settle, and adjust all claims under and decisions with respect to Borrower s policies of insurance
and apply to the Obligations all amounts received by Bank pursuant to such policies; (f) settle and adjust disputes and claims respecting
the accounts directly with account debtors, for amounts and upon terms which Bank determines to be reasonable, and apply to the Obligations
all amounts received by Bank in connection with any such settlement and adjustment; and (g) file, in its sole discretion, one or more
financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral. The appointment of Bank as Borrower s
attorney in fact, and each and every one of Bank s rights and powers, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable until all of
the Obligations have been fully repaid and performed and Bank s obligation to make Advances hereunder is terminated. 

21 

9.3 Accounts
Collection . At any time after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Bank may notify any Person owing
funds to Borrower of Bank s security interest in such funds and verify the amount of such Account. Borrower shall collect all amounts
owing to Borrower for Bank, receive in trust all payments as Bank s trustee, and immediately deliver such payments to Bank in their
original form as received from the account debtor, with proper endorsements for deposit. 

9.4 Bank Expenses . If
Borrower fails to pay any amounts or furnish any required proof of payment due to third persons or entities, as required under the terms
of this Agreement, then Bank may do any or all of the following after reasonable written notice to Borrower: (a) make payment of the
same or any part thereof; or (b) obtain and maintain insurance policies of the type discussed in Section 6.4 of this Agreement,
and take any action with respect to such policies as Bank deems prudent. Any amounts so paid or deposited by Bank shall constitute Bank
Expenses, shall be immediately due and payable, and shall bear interest at the then applicable rate hereinabove provided, and shall be
secured by the Collateral. Any payments made by Bank shall not constitute an agreement by Bank to make similar payments in the future
or a waiver by Bank of any Event of Default under this Agreement. 

9.5 
 Bank s Liability for Collateral . Bank has no obligation to clean up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale.
All risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne by Borrower. 

9.6 
 No Obligation to Pursue Others . Bank has no obligation to attempt to satisfy the Obligations by collecting them from any
other person liable for them and Bank may release, modify or waive any collateral provided by any other Person to secure any of the Obligations,
all without affecting Bank s rights against Borrower. Borrower waives any right it may have to require Bank to pursue any other
Person for any of the Obligations. 

9.7 
 Remedies Cumulative . Bank s rights and remedies under this Agreement, the Loan Documents, and all other agreements
shall be cumulative. Bank shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the UCC, by Law, or in
equity. No exercise by Bank of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by Bank of any Event of Default shall be
deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by Bank shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it. No waiver by Bank shall be effective
unless made in a written document signed on behalf of Bank and then shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which it was given. Borrower expressly agrees that this Section 9.7 may not be waived or modified by Bank by course
of performance, conduct, estoppel or otherwise. 

9.8 
 Demand; Protest . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice
of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment and any other notices relating to the Obligations. 

22 

10. NOTICES. 

Unless otherwise
provided in this Agreement, all notices, demands and other communications by any party relating to this Agreement or any other agreement
entered into in connection herewith shall be in writing and (except for financial statements, compliance certificates and other informational
documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid or e-mail) shall be personally delivered or sent by a recognized overnight
delivery service, certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to Borrower or to Bank, as the case may be, at its addresses
set forth below: 

If to Borrower: 
 Siebert Financial Corp. 

653
 Collins Avenue, 
Miami Beach, FL 33139 Attn: Andrew Reich 

E-mail: areich@siebertnet.com 

If to Bank: 
 East West Bank 

135 N. Los Robles Ave. 6th Floor 
Pasadena, CA 91101 

Attention: May Kwong 
May.kwong@eastwestbank.com 

The parties hereto may change the address
at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other. 

11. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; JUDICIAL REFERENCE. 

11.1 
 Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the
State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. Each of Borrower and Bank hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and Federal courts located in the County of Los Angeles, State of California; provided , however , that nothing
in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude Bank from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction
to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Bank.
Borrower expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and Borrower
hereby waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and
hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Borrower hereby waives personal
service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons, complaints,
and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to Borrower at the address set forth in, or subsequently provided
by Borrower in accordance with, Section 10 of this Agreement and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier
to occur of Borrower s actual receipt thereof or 3 days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid. 

11.2 
 JURY TRIAL WAIVER . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER AND BANK EACH WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF
ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING
CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR BOTH PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL. 

11.3 JUDICIAL
REFERENCE PROVISION . WITHOUT INTENDING IN ANY WAY TO LIMIT THE PARTIES AGREEMENT TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL
BY JURY, if the above waiver of the right to a trial by jury is not enforceable, the parties hereto agree that any and all disputes or
controversies of any nature between them arising at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, who shall be a retired
state or federal court judge, mutually selected by the parties or, if they cannot agree, then any party may seek to have a private judge
appointed in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure 638 and 640 (or pursuant to comparable provisions of federal
law if the dispute falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts), sitting without a jury, in Los Angeles County, California;
and the parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such court. The reference proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to and in accordance
with the provisions of California Code of Civil Procedure 638 through 645.1, inclusive. The private judge shall have the
power, among others, to grant provisional relief, including without limitation, entering temporary restraining orders, issuing preliminary
and permanent injunctions and appointing receivers. All such proceedings shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records
relating thereto shall be permanently sealed. If during the course of any dispute, a party desires to seek provisional relief, but a
judge has not been appointed at that point pursuant to the judicial reference procedures, then such party may apply to the Los Angeles
County Superior Court for such relief. The proceeding before the private judge shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before
a court under the rules of evidence applicable to judicial proceedings. The parties shall be entitled to discovery which shall be conducted
in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of discovery applicable to judicial proceedings. The private judge shall
oversee discovery and may enforce all discovery rules and orders applicable to judicial proceedings in the same manner as a trial court
judge. The parties agree that the selected or appointed private judge shall have the power to decide all issues in the action or proceeding,
whether of fact or of law, and shall report a statement of decision thereon pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure 644(a).
Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of any party at any time to exercise self-help remedies, foreclose against collateral,
or obtain provisional remedies. The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation, and
enforceability of this paragraph. 

23 

The parties
agree that time is of the essence in conducting the referenced proceedings. The parties shall promptly and diligently cooperate with one
another and the referee, and shall perform such acts as may be necessary to obtain prompt and expeditious resolution of the dispute or
controversy in accordance with the terms hereof. The costs shall be borne equally by the parties. 

12. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 

12.1 
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties and shall bind all persons who become bound as a debtor to this Agreement; provided, however, that neither this
Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by Borrower without Bank s prior written consent, which consent may be granted
or withheld in Bank s sole discretion. Bank shall have the right at any time to sell, transfer, negotiate, or grant participation
in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank s obligations, rights and benefits hereunder without notice to, or consent of, Borrower. 

12.2 
 Indemnification . Borrower shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Bank and its officers, employees, attorneys and agents
against: (a) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities claimed or asserted by any other party in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (b) all losses or Bank Expenses in any way suffered, incurred, or paid
by Bank, its officers, employees, attorneys and agents as a result of or in any way arising out of, following, or consequential to transactions
between Bank and Borrower whether under this Agreement, or otherwise (including without limitation attorneys fees and expenses),
except for losses caused by Bank s gross negligence or willful misconduct to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a final, non-appealable judgment. 

12.3 Time of Essence . Time is of the
essence for the performance of all obligations set forth in this Agreement. 

12.4 
 Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement
for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision. 

12.5 
 Correction of Loan Documents . Bank may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties. 

12.6 
 Amendments in Writing, Integration . All amendments to or termination of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents must
be in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement or to such other Loan Document, as applicable. All prior agreements, understandings,
representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents, if any, are merged into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

12.7 Counterparts;
Electronic Execution . This Agreement and any other Loan Document may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties
on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken
together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement or Loan Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, 
 signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement and/or any Loan Document and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of
records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures 
means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the
intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. If any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail
delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
this Agreement or any other Loan Document (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile
or .pdf signature page were an original hereof or thereof. 

24 

12.8 
 Survival . All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so
long as any Obligations remain outstanding or Bank has any obligation to make any Credit Extension to Borrower. The obligations of Borrower
to indemnify Bank with respect to the expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities described in Section 12.2 shall survive
until all applicable statute of limitations periods with respect to actions that may be brought against Bank have run. 

12.9 Confidentiality .
In handling any confidential information, Bank and all employees and agents of Bank shall exercise the same degree of care that Bank
exercises with respect to its own proprietary information of the same types to maintain the confidentiality of any non-public information
thereby received or received pursuant to this Agreement except that disclosure of such information may be made (i) to the subsidiaries
or Affiliates of Bank in connection with their present or prospective business relations with Borrower, (ii) to prospective transferees
or purchasers of any interest in any Advance, provided that they have entered into a comparable confidentiality agreement in favor of
Borrower, as applicable, and have delivered a copy to Borrower, as applicable, (iii) as required by Law, regulations, rule or order,
subpoena, judicial order or similar order, (iv) as may be required in connection with the examination, audit or similar investigation
of Bank, (v) to Bank s accountants, auditors and regulations, and (vi) as Bank may determine in connection with the enforcement
of any remedies hereunder. Confidential information hereunder shall not include information that either: (a) is in the public domain
or in the knowledge or possession of Bank when disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to Bank through
no fault of Bank; or (b) is disclosed to Bank by a third party, provided Bank does not have actual knowledge that such third party
is prohibited from disclosing such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower hereby consents to Bank s publishing a
tombstone or similar advertising material relating to the financial transaction contemplated by this Agreement so long as Bank has first
obtained the approval of Borrower of such tombstone or advertising material. 

12.10 
 Right of Set Off . Borrower hereby grants to Bank a lien, security interest and right of set off as security for all Obligations
to Bank, whether now existing or hereafter arising upon and against all deposits, credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter in
the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of Bank or any entity under the control of Bank (including a Bank subsidiary) or in transit
to any of them. At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without demand or notice, Bank may
set off the same or any thereof and apply the same to any liability or obligation of Borrower, as applicable, even though unmatured and
regardless of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the Obligations. BORROWER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE BANK TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE OBLIGATIONS
PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER. 

12.11 
 Captions . The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

12.12 
 Construction of Agreement . The parties mutually acknowledge that they and their attorneys have participated in the preparation
and negotiation of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties caused
the uncertainty to exist. 

12.13 
 Relationship . The relationship of the parties to this Agreement is determined solely by the provisions of this Agreement.
The parties do not intend to create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust, fiduciary or other relationship with duties or incident
different from those parties to an arm s-length contract. 

25 

12.14 Third Parties . Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: 

(a) confer any benefits, rights
or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the express parties to it and their respective permitted successors
and assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any
person not an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement. 

12.15 
 Patriot Act . Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, Bank is required to obtain,
verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and other information
that will allow Bank to identify Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. Borrower shall, promptly following a request by Bank, provide
all documentation and other information that Bank requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. For legal entity borrowers, Bank will
require the legal entity to provide identifying information about each beneficial owner and/or individuals who have significant responsibility
to control, manage or direct the legal entity. 

12.16 
 No Consequential Damages . No party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor any agent or attorney of such party
or Bank, shall be liable to any other party to this Agreement or any other Person on any other theory of liability of any special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK] 

26 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER: 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP., 

a New York corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew Reich 

Name: 
 Andrew Reich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Loan and Security Agreement 

BANK: 

EAST WEST BANK, 

a California banking corporation 

By: 
 /s/ May Kwong 

Name: 
 May Kwong 

Title: 
 Senior Vice President 

Loan and Security Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

DEFINITIONS 

Accounts 
means all presently existing and hereafter arising accounts, contract rights, payment intangibles and all other forms of obligations owing
to Borrower arising out of the sale or lease of goods (including, without limitation, the licensing of software and other technology)
or the rendering of services by Borrower and any and all credit insurance, guaranties, and other security therefor, as well as all merchandise
returned to or reclaimed by Borrower and all of Borrower s Books relating to any of the foregoing. 

Acquisition Certificate 
means, collectively, (a) a certification duly executed by (i) a Responsible Officer of a Permitted Target providing that all conditions
precedent to the effectiveness of the related Acquisition Documents (except for the payment of the purchase consideration thereunder)
have been satisfied; and (ii) a Responsible Officer of Borrower providing that Borrower has paid, or concurrently with the funding of
the applicable requested Advance will pay, all of the purchase consideration not being financed with the requested Advance; and (b) a
Compliance Certificate demonstrating that as of the date thereof, and after giving effect to the requested Advance, no Event of Default
exists or would exist under this Agreement, including without limitation, under Section 6.5 . 

Acquisition Documents means,
collectively, the agreements, instruments and documents entered into between Borrower and a Permitted Target in order to consummate a
Proposed Acquisition. 

Advance or Advances 
means a cash advance or cash advances under the Revolver Line. 

Affiliate 
means any Person (a) which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, Borrower, (b) which beneficially owns or holds five percent (5 or more of the voting control or equity interests of Borrower,
or (c) five percent (5 or more of the voting control or equity interests of which is beneficially owned or held by Borrower. 

Agreement has
the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Approval Date means, subject
to terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.7(b), the date upon which the Bank has agreed in writing to extend the Initial Term under
the Revolver Maturity Date by the Renewal Term, if applicable. 

Bank has the meaning set forth in the
preamble to this Agreement. 

Bank Expenses 
means all costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, administration,
and enforcement of the Loan Documents; reasonable Collateral audit fees; and Bank s reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
incurred in amending, enforcing or defending the Loan Documents (including fees and expenses of appeal), incurred before, during and after
an Insolvency Proceeding, whether or not suit is brought. 

Bank Products 
means any service or facility extended to Borrower by Bank or any affiliate of Bank, or procured for Borrower from any third party by
Bank or any affiliate of Bank by means of a full-recourse agreement or other credit support extended to such third party including: (a)
credit cards, (b) credit card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) purchase cards, (e) ACH transactions, (f) cash management, including
controlled disbursement, accounts or services, (g) letters of credit, or (h) Hedging Agreements. 

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification
shall be substantially in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation 
means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Borrower has the meaning set forth
in the preamble to this Agreement. 

A- 1 

Borrower s Books 
means, in respect of Borrower, all of Borrower s books and records including: ledgers; records concerning Borrower s assets
or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition; and all computer programs, or tape files, and the equipment,
containing such information. 

Borrower State 
means New York, the state under whose laws Borrower is incorporated. 

Business Day 
means any day other than a Saturday or a Sunday or any day on which commercial banks in Los Angeles, California, are authorized or required
to close, and, if the applicable Business Day relates to SOFR, such day also must be a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

Change
in Control means (a) a transaction in which any person or group (within the meaning of Section
13(d) or 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of 24 or more of the aggregate shares of all classes of stock then outstanding
of Borrower ordinarily entitled to vote in the election of directors of Borrower, or (b) Borrower shall cease to own 100 of the equity
interests of each of its Subsidiaries, other than in connection with a transaction permitted pursuant to this Agreement. 

Closing Date means
the date of this Agreement. 

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, all as in effect from time to time. 

Collateral means, collectively,
all of the following, whether presently existing or hereafter created or acquired, and wherever located: 

(a) 
 all cash, dividends, Distributions, stock and other monies and property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise transferred
or transferable in respect of or in exchange for Borrower s Equity Interests and any other rights to payment from Borrower s
Subsidiaries; 

(b) 
 any Deposit Accounts into which any of the foregoing is deposited, including without limitation the Distribution Account; and 

(c) all substitutions,
products, proceeds (cash and non-cash) arising out of any of the foregoing. 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C , with appropriate insertions. 

Contingent Obligation 
means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to (i) any indebtedness,
lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another, including, without limitation, any such obligation directly or indirectly
guaranteed, endorsed, co-made or discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or in respect of which that Person is otherwise directly
or indirectly liable; (ii) any obligations with respect to undrawn letters of credit, corporate credit cards or merchant services issued
for the account of that Person; and (iii) all obligations arising under any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, interest
rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation
in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation shall
not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be
deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation
is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by such Person
in good faith; provided, however, that such amount shall not in any event exceed the maximum amount of the obligations under the guarantee
or other support arrangement. 

Controlled Group 
means a controlled group of corporations as defined in 26 U.S.C. 1563. 

A- 2 

Credit Extension 
means each Advance or any other extension of credit by Bank to or for the benefit of Borrower hereunder. 

Current Maturities of
Long Term Debt shall mean, in respect of Borrower and as of any applicable date of determination thereof, that portion of the
Long Term Debt of Borrower that should be classified as a current liability at such time in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation,
that portion of capital lease obligations of Borrower that would be so classified at such time. 

Debt Issuance means
the issuance, sale or incurrence by Borrower of any debt securities or other Indebtedness, whether in a public offering or otherwise,
except for any Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.4 . 

Debt Service Coverage
Ratio means, for any quarter for which the Debt Service Coverage Ratio is to be determined, on a rolling four quarter basis
on the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, the ratio of (a) Borrower s consolidated EBITDA for such period minus Distributions
made in cash during such period, minus , taxes paid in cash during such period, to (b) the sum of (i) Borrower s Current
Maturities of Long Term Debt at such time of determination, (ii) the aggregate amount of principal payments on Long Term Debt made, or
required to have been made, by Borrower during such period (including, without limitation, all payments on capital lease obligations
paid or required to have been paid by Borrower during such period), and (iii) the interest expense of Borrower for such period. 

Disclosure Schedules 
means the schedule of exceptions attached hereto and approved by Bank, if any. 

Disposition 
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition of any property by Borrower (or the granting
of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without
recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding any Involuntary Disposition. 

Distributions 
means distributions paid in cash to the owners of the Equity Interests in Borrower. 

Dollars , 
 dollars or use of the sign means only lawful money of the United States and not any other currency,
regardless of whether that currency uses the sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful money
of the United States. 

EBITDA means,
for any period, the sum of the Borrower s and its Subsidiaries : (a) net income after taxes for such period (excluding extraordinary
gains or losses); plus (b) Interest Expense for such period; plus (c) income tax expense for such period; plus (d)
depreciation and amortization for such period; plus or minus (e) any other non-cash charges or gains which have been subtracted
or added in calculating net income after taxes for such period, all on a consolidated basis. 

Embargoed Person 
means (a) any country or territory that is the target of a sanctions program administered by OFAC or (b) any Person that (i) is or is
owned or controlled by a Person publicly identified on the most current list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons 
published by OFAC, (ii) is the target of a sanctions program or sanctions list (A) administered by OFAC, or (B) under the Iran Sanctions
Act, as amended, section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 or Executive Order 13590 Authorizing
the Imposition of Certain Sanctions with respect to the Provision of Services, Technology or Support for Iran s Energy and Petro-
chemical Sectors, effective November 21, 2011 (collectively, Sanctions or (iii) resides, is organized or chartered,
or has a place of business in a country or territory that is the subject of a sanctions program administered by OFAC. 

Environmental Laws 
means all federal, state, district, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, and consent decrees relating to health, safety,
hazardous substances, pollution and environmental matters, as now or at any time hereafter in effect, applicable to Borrower s or
any of its Subsidiaries business or facilities owned or operated by such Person, including Laws relating to emissions, discharges,
releases or threatened releases of pollutants, contamination, chemicals, or hazardous, toxic or dangerous substances, materials or wastes
into the environment (including ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata) or otherwise relating to
the generation, manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials. 

A- 3 

Equipment 
means, as applicable, all present and future machinery, equipment, tenant improvements, furniture, fixtures, vehicles, tools, parts and
attachments in which Borrower has any interest. 

Equity Interests 
means all securities, shares, units, options, warrants, interests, participations, or other equivalents (regardless of how designated)
of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or similar entity, whether voting or nonvoting, certificated or uncertificated,
including general partner partnership interests, limited partner partnership interests, common stock, preferred stock, or any other equity
security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) membership interests. 

Equity Issuance 
means, any issuance by Borrower of its Equity Interests, other than (a) any issuance of its Equity Interests pursuant to the exercise
of options or warrants or unit award agreements, (b) any issuance of its Equity Interests pursuant to the conversion of any debt securities
to equity or the conversion of any class of equity securities to any other class of equity securities pursuant to agreements outstanding
as of the Closing Date and without regard to any amendments or modifications of such agreements after the Closing Date, and (c) any issuance
of options or warrants or unit award agreements relating to its Equity Interests. The term Equity Issuance shall not be
deemed to include any Disposition or any Debt Issuance. 

ERISA means the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

ERISA Affiliate 
means any Person who for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of Borrower s Controlled Group, or under common control with
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code. 

Event of Default 
has the meaning assigned in Section 8 . 

Excluded Taxes 
means, with respect to Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder
or under any other Loan Document, any taxes on or measured by overall net income (however denominated), franchise taxes (in lieu of net
income taxes) and branch profits taxes, in each case imposed on it by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the
Laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of Bank, in which its applicable
lending office is located. 

Fiscal Year 
means each twelve (12) month accounting period of Borrower, which ends on December 31 st of each year. 

Fiscal Quarter 
means any of the quarterly accounting periods of Borrower. 

FINRA means the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority. 

FOCUS Report means each duly completed
and executed SEC Form X-17A-5 submitted to the SEC. 

GAAP means United States generally
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, as in effect from time to time. 

Gebbia Parties 
means, collectively (a) John J. Gebbia, an individual, (b) Gloria Gebbia, an individual, and (c) John J. Gebbia and Gloria Gebbia, as
co-trustees of the John and Gloria Living Trust u/d/t December 8, 1994. 

Governmental Authority means
the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any
supra national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

A- 4 

Guarantor 
means each Person that now or in the future agrees to guaranty the Obligations, including without limitation the Gebbia Parties. 

Hazardous Materials 
means any hazardous, toxic or dangerous substance, materials and wastes, including hydrocarbons (including naturally occurring or man-made
petroleum and hydrocarbons), flammable explosives, asbestos, urea formaldehyde insulation, radioactive materials, biological substances,
polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides, herbicides and any other kind and/or type of pollutants or contaminants (including materials which
include hazardous constituents), sewage, sludge, industrial slag, solvents and/or any other similar substances, materials, or wastes and
including any other substances, materials or wastes that are or become regulated under any Environmental Law (including any that are or
become classified as hazardous or toxic under any Environmental Law). 

Hedging Agreement 
means any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, cap agreement or collar agreement, and any other agreement or arrangement
designed to protect a Person against fluctuations in interest rate, currency exchange rates or commodity prices. 

Hedging Obligation 
means, with respect to any Person, any liability of such Person under any Hedging Agreements. The amount of any Person s obligations
in respect of any Hedging Obligation shall be deemed to be the incremental obligations that would be reflected in the financial statements
of such Person in accordance with GAAP. 

Indebtedness 
of a Person means at any time the sum at such time of: (a) indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase
price of property or services; (b) any obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, banker s or other acceptances
or similar obligations issued or created for the account of such Person; (c) lease indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations of
such Person with respect to capital leases; (d) obligations of third parties which are being guarantied or indemnified against by such
Person or which are secured by the property of such Person; (e) any obligation of such Person under an employee stock ownership plan or
other similar employee benefit plan; (f) any obligation of such Person or a commonly controlled entity to a multi-employer plan; and (g)
any obligations, liabilities or indebtedness, contingent or otherwise, under or in connection with, transactions, agreements or documents
now existing or hereafter entered into, which provides for an interest rate, credit, commodity or equity swap, cap, floor, collar, forward
foreign exchange transaction, currency swap, cross currency rate swap, currency option, or any combination of, or option with respect
to, these or similar transactions, for the purpose of hedging fluctuations in interest or exchange rates, loan, credit exchange, security
or currency valuations or commodity prices; but excluding trade and other accounts payable in the ordinary course of business in accordance
with customary trade terms and which are not overdue (as determined in accordance with customary trade practices) or which are being disputed
in good faith by such Person and for which adequate reserves are being provided on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied. 

Indemnified Taxes 
means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 

Initial Term means two (2) years from
the Closing Date. 

Insolvency Proceeding 
means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person or entity under any provision of the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended,
or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions,
extension generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief. 

Interest Expense 
means, for any period, for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt
discount, fees, charges and related expenses (excluding closing costs associated with this transaction) in connection with borrowed money
(including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets during such period, plus (b) all payments
made under interest rate Hedging Agreements during such period to the extent not included in clause (a) of this definition, minus 
(c) all payments received under interest rate Hedging Agreements during such period, plus 
(d) the portion of rent expense with respect to such period under capital leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP. 

A- 5 

Investment means any beneficial
ownership of (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interest or other securities) any Person, or any loan, advance
or capital contribution to any Person. 

Key Employees means, collectively,
John J. Gebbia, Gloria Gebbia, or Andrew Reich. 

Laws means
all ordinances, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, injunctions, writs, or decrees of any Governmental Authority. 

Lien means
any security interest, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, charge, judgment lien, assignment, financing statement, encumbrance, title
retention agreement or analogous instrument or device, including the interest of each lessor under any capitalized lease and the interest
of any bondsman under any payment or performance bond, in, of or on any assets or properties of a Person, whether now owned or subsequently
acquired and whether arising by agreement or operation of law, all whether perfected or unperfected. 

Liquidity 
means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held at such time by Borrower in deposit
accounts or securities accounts maintained with Bank or its Affiliates or maintained in deposit accounts, or securities accounts subject
to a control agreement in favor of Bank. 

Loan Documents 
means, collectively, this Agreement and all other agreements, instruments and documents including promissory notes, guaranties, deeds
of trust, mortgages, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, notices, security agreements, leases, financing statements,
Hedging Agreements and all other writings heretofore, now or from time to time hereafter executed by or on behalf of Borrower, or any
other Person and delivered to Bank or to any parent, affiliate or subsidiary of Bank in connection with the Obligations or the transactions
contemplated hereby, as each of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 

Long Term Debt 
shall mean, in respect of any applicable Person(s) and as of any applicable date of determination thereof, all Indebtedness of such Person(s)
which should be classified as funded indebtedness or long term indebtedness on a balance sheet of such Person(s)
as of such date in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, to the extent not otherwise included, capital lease obligations
of such Person(s) to the extent classified as long term at such time. 

Material Adverse Effect 
means any of the following: (a) a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect upon, the business, condition (financial or otherwise),
operations, performance, or prospects of either: (i) Borrower; or (ii) Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material
impairment of the ability of either Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, to perform their respective obligations under
the Loan Documents; (c) a material adverse effect upon: (i) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Loan Document
to which Borrower is a party against either: (A) Borrower; or (B) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; or (ii) the rights
and remedies of Bank under or in respect of any Loan Document; or (d) the shares of any class of equity interest of Borrower could reasonably
be expected to be delisted from the primary stock exchange on which they are traded, as determined by Bank. 

Multiemployer Plan 
means a multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) to which Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any their respective
ERISA Affiliates contributes or is obligated to contribute. 

MSCO means Muriel
Siebert Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Negotiable Collateral 
means all of Borrower s present and future letters of credit of which it is a beneficiary, drafts, instruments (including promissory
notes), securities, Documents, documents of title, Chattel Paper, and each Borrower s Books relating to any of the foregoing. 

Net Capital means
the definition of net capital as defined in 17 CFR 240.15c3-1. 

A- 6 

Net Cash Proceeds 
means the aggregate cash or Cash Equivalents proceeds received by Borrower in respect of any Equity Issuance, Debt Issuance, Disposition
or Involuntary Disposition, net of (a) direct costs incurred in connection therewith (including, without limitation, legal, accounting
and investment banking fees and sales commissions), (b) taxes paid or payable as a result thereof and (c) in the case of any Disposition
or any Involuntary Disposition, the amount necessary to retire any Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien (ranking senior to any Lien
of Bank) on the related property; it being understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include, without limitation, any cash
or Cash Equivalents received upon the sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received by Borrower in any Equity Issuance,
Debt Issuance, Disposition or Involuntary Disposition. 

Net Worth means, at
any date, the sum of total assets as of such date minus the sum of total liabilities of such Person, as determined in accordance
with GAAP on a consolidated basis. 

Obligations 
means, in each case, whether now in existence or hereafter arising: (a) the principal of and interest on (including interest accruing
after the filing of any bankruptcy or similar petition) the Advances, (b) the letter of credit Obligations, (c) all obligations arising
under the Foreign Exchange Sublimit (d) all liabilities of any Borrower to Bank or to any affiliate of Bank arising out of or relating
to Bank Products, (e) Bank Expenses, (f) Hedging Obligations of Borrower, and (g) all other fees and commissions (including attorneys 
fees and expenses), charges, indebtedness, loans, liabilities, financial accommodations, obligations, covenants and duties owing by Borrower
and its Subsidiaries to Bank or to any parent, affiliate or subsidiary of Bank of every kind, nature and description, direct or indirect,
primary or secondary, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, whether several,
joint, or joint and several, and whether or not evidenced by any note, and including any debt, liability or obligation owing from Borrower
to others that Bank may have obtained by assignment or otherwise, and interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against
Borrower of any bankruptcy or similar proceeding, naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest
and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 

OFAC means the
United States Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Operating Documents 
means, for any Person, such Person s formation documents, as certified with the Secretary of State of such Person s state
of formation on a date that is no earlier than 30 days prior to the Closing Date, and (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws
in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its operating agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person
is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications
thereto. 

Other Taxes 
means all present or future stamp, intangible or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising
from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with
respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Patriot Act 
means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended from time to time. 

PBGC means the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Pension Plan 
means a pension plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained for employees of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective ERISA Affiliates and covered by Title IV of ERISA. 

Periodic Payments 
means all installments or similar recurring payments that Borrower may now or hereafter become obligated to pay to Bank pursuant to the
terms and provisions of any instrument, or agreement now or hereafter in existence between Borrower and Bank. 

Permitted Indebtedness 
means: 

(a) Indebtedness of Borrower in favor of Bank arising under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

A- 7 

(b) Hedging Obligations of Borrower in favor of Bank or any Affiliate
of Bank; 

(c) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in
the Disclosure Schedules; 

(d) fines and other amounts owing to the SEC, FINRA or any other
similar Governmental Authority that do not constitute an Event of Default; and 

(e) extensions, refinancings and renewals of any items of Permitted
Indebtedness, provided that the principal amount is not increased or the terms modified to impose more burdensome terms upon the Borrower. 

Permitted Investment means: 

(a) Investments existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in
the Disclosure Schedules; 

(b) (i) Marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally
guaranteed by the United States of America or any agency or any State thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof,
(ii) commercial paper maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof and currently having rating of at least A-2 or
P-2 from either Standard Poor s Corporation or Moody s Investors Service, (iii) Bank s certificates of deposit
maturing no more than one year from the date of investment therein, and (iv) Bank s money market accounts; 

(c) Investments accepted in connection with Permitted Transfers;
and 

(d) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection
with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with,
customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business of any Borrower. 

Permitted Liens means the following: 

(a) Liens or security interests in favor of Bank; 

(b) Liens set forth in the Disclosure Schedules; 

(c) Liens for taxes, assessments and other government charges
or levies not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower
has maintained adequate reserves; 

(d) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted to
third parties in the ordinary course of business; and 

(e) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, of a collection
bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, and in favor of other financial
institutions arising in connection with Borrower s deposit accounts held at such institutions to secure standard fees for deposit
services charged by, but not financing made available by such institutions, provided that Bank has a perfected security interest in the
amounts held in such deposit accounts. 

Permitted
Stock Buyback means redemptions of capital stock of Borrower, provided that the following conditions shall be satisfied: (a)
both before and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and (b) Borrower shall have
delivered to Bank a certificate by a Responsible Officer certifying that the condition described in clause (a) above has been satisfied Permitted Stock Buyback Certificate ). 

Permitted Target 
means a Person that is engaged in the same or substantially the same line of business that Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged in
on the Closing Date that Borrower proposes to acquire in connection with a Proposed Acquisition. 

A- 8 

Permitted Transfer means
the conveyance, sale, lease, transfer or disposition by Borrower of assets of Borrower that do not in the aggregate exceed 500,000 during
any fiscal year. 

Person means
any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association,
corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or governmental agency. 

Plan means
an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) maintained for employees of Borrower, any of its Affiliates or any of their
respective ERISA Affiliates. 

Proposed Acquisition 
means the proposed Acquisition by Borrower of either all of the Equity Interests in, or all or substantially all of the assets of, a Permitted
Target. 

Properly Contested 
means, with respect to any obligation of the Borrower, (a) the obligation is subject to a bona fide dispute regarding amount or the Borrower s
liability to pay; (b) the obligation is being properly contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently
pursued; (c) appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (d) non-payment would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, nor result in forfeiture or sale of any assets of the Borrower; (e) no Lien is imposed on assets of the Borrower,
unless bonded and stayed to the satisfaction of Bank; and (f) if the obligation results from entry of a judgment or other order, such
judgment or order is stayed pending appeal or other judicial review. 

Regulatory Change 
means, with respect to Bank, any change on or after the Closing Date in United States federal, state, or foreign laws or regulations,
or the adoption or making on or after such date of any interpretations, directives, or requests applying to a class of Banks including
Bank, of or under any United States federal or state, or any foreign laws or regulations (whether or not having the force of law) by any
court or governmental or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof. 

Renewal Term means
a 12 month period. 

Reportable Event means a reportable
event (as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA), other than an event for which the 30-day notice requirement under ERISA has been waived in
regulations issued by the PBGC. 

Required Documentation means
the following to be submitted by Borrower to Bank in connection with a request for an Advance, all of which shall be in form, substance
and detail acceptable to Bank: 

(a) 
 a summary description of the Proposed Acquisition and the investment rationale therefor demonstrating, among other things, that
the Person subject of the Proposed Acquisition is a Permitted Target and is reasonably determined to be accretive to Borrower s
business and the timing of the closing of the Proposed Acquisition, including without limitation the proposed date on which the requested
Advance be made; 

(b) a third-party fairness opinion prepared by a Person acceptable to Bank, affirming, among other things, the value of the property being purchased in connection with the Proposed Acquisition; 

(c) 
 a financial projection model, including without limitation an opening balance sheet and monthly income statement projection for
the first twelve (12) months following the Proposed Acquisition and an annual balance sheet and income statement thereafter; and 

(d) 
 a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that as of the date thereof, and after giving effect to the requested Advance, no Event
of Default exists or would exist under this Agreement, including without limitation, under Section 6.5 . 

Responsible Officer means each
of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Controller of Borrower. 

A- 9 

Revolver Cap means Twenty Million Dollars 20,000,000). 

Revolver Line means the revolving line
of credit of up to the Revolver Cap established under this Agreement. 

Revolver Loan and Revolver
Loans means the loans and advances made by the Bank pursuant to this Agreement 

Revolver Note means a promissory
note substantially in the form of Exhibit F, duly executed and delivered by Borrower to Bank, with appropriate insertions. 

Revolver Maturity Date means,
(i) the end of the Initial Term or (ii) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.7(b), the end of the Renewal Term (if
applicable), as the case may be. 

SEC means the Securities and
Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority. 

SIPA means the Securities Investor
Protection Act of 1970, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

SIPC means
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

SOFR means,
the one (1) month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or successor administrator)
(the SOFR Administrator and displayed by Bloomberg LP (or any successor thereto, or replacement thereof, as approved by
Bank) and as determined by Bank on each SOFR Determination Date (the Index ). 

SOFR Loan means the principal portion
of any Revolver Loan that bears interest based on the SOFR. 

SOFR Determination
Date means, initially, the date of the closing under this Agreement; and then on the payment due date immediately following
the closing date, and every one (1) month thereafter; provided that if any SOFR Determination Date is not a U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, the rate applicable on such SOFR Determination Date shall be the rate for the next succeeding U.S. Government Securities
Business Day. 

SOS Reports 
means the official reports from the Secretary of State of the Borrower State and from all other applicable federal, state or local government
offices identifying all current security interests filed against the Collateral and Liens of record as of the date of such report. 

Subordinated Debt 
means Indebtedness incurred by Borrower that is subordinated in writing to the Obligations on terms acceptable to Bank. 

Subsidiary 
means any corporation, partnership or limited liability company or joint venture in which (i) any general partnership interest or (ii)
more than 50 of the stock, limited liability company interest or joint venture of which by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to
elect the board of directors, managers or trustees (or similar governing body) of the entity, at the time as of which any determination
is being made, is owned by Borrower, either directly or through an Affiliate. 

Taxes means
all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental
Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Transfer has the
meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

UCC means the California Uniform Commercial
Code as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

A- 10 

EXHIBIT B 

[intentionally omitted] 

B- 1 

EXHIBIT C 

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

TO: EAST WEST BANK 

FROM: SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. 

The undersigned
authorized officer of Siebert Financial Corp., a New York corporation Borrower ), pursuant to the Loan and Security
Agreement (the Loan Agreement dated as of July 29, 2024 by and between Borrower and East West Bank, a California
banking corporation Bank ), hereby certifies to Bank that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan
Agreement, (i) Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending with all required covenants except as noted below
and (ii) all representations and warranties in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof except
that those representations and warranties referring to another date shall be true and correct in all material respects on that other date.
Attached hereto are the required documents supporting the above certification. The summary descriptions in the Reporting Covenants below
are qualified by, and subject to, the terms of the Agreement. 

Please indicate compliance status
by circling Yes/No under Complies column. 

Reporting
 Covenant 
 
 Required 
 
 Complies 

Annual audited financial statements and Compliance Certificate 
 
 FYE within 120 days 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Quarterly balance sheet and income statements (internally prepared), FOCUS Reports and Compliance Certificate 
 
 Quarterly within 60 days after each fiscal quarter (other than the fiscal quarter ending December 31) 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Tax Returns 
 
 Earlier of 30 days of filing 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

SEC Filings (other than FOCUS Reports) 
 
 Concurrently with filing 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Guarantor personal financial and liquidity statements 
 
 Year end within 90 days 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Financial
 Covenants 
 
 Required/Permitted 
 
 Complies 

Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
 
 1.35:1.00 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Net Capital Ratio 
 
 Not less than 43,000,000 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Distribution
 Covenant 
 
 Required/Permitted 
 
 Complies 

Aggregate distributions and dividends made by Borrower to any Person other than Borrower s Subsidiaries during any Fiscal Year 
 
 Less than 5 of the Net Worth of Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
 
 Yes 
 
 No 

Comments
 Regarding Exceptions: See Attached. 
 
 BANK
 USE ONLY 

Name: 

Verified: 

Title: 
 CFO 

AUTHORIZED
 SIGNER 

Date: 

Date: 

Compliance
 Status 
 Yes 
 No 

C- 1 

EXHIBIT
D FORM OF NOTICE OF ADVANCE 

[TO BE PROVIDED BY BANK] 

Exhibit D Form of
Notice of Advance 

(Rev. 07/2023-2) 
 LOAN ADVANCE / PAYMENT AUTHORIZATION 
 (MUST BE RECEIVED BY 5:00 PM PST FOR SAME DAY PROCESSING) 
WHEN COMPLETED E-MAIL TO: 
AdvanceGroup@EastWestBank.com (For Bilateral Loans) 
PartAndSynd@EastWestBank.com (For Syndication/Participation Loans) 
OR FAX TO: 626-927-2088 

LOAN
 REQUEST FORM 
 (TO
 BE COMPLETED BY BORROWER) 
 
 Borrower Name: 

Date of Request: 

Borrower Phone No. 

Loan / Note No.: 

Loan 

LOAN
 ADVANCE REQUEST 
 (TO
 BE COMPLETED BY BORROWER) 
 
 Effective Date 
 Credit To 
 Description 
 Amount 

UCC Equipment Filing Required 
 Yes. 
 No. 
 
 If yes, please provide a copy of supporting documents. 

LOAN
 PAYMENT REQUEST 
 (TO
 BE COMPLETED BY BORROWER) 

Effective Date 

Debit From 
 Credit to 
 Loan / Note No. 
 Payment Type 

Total Amount 
 
 Principal 
 Interest 
 Fee 

CERTIFICATION
 OF BORROWER 
 
 This request is made to East West Bank by an authorized representative(s) of Borrower, who signs below and who certifies that: (i) The representations and warranties by Borrower set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July [ ], 2024 by and between Borrower and East West Bank and Related Loan Documents (collectively Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, if conditioned on materiality, in all respects) as of the date made and as of the date of this advance request; (ii) Borrower is not in violation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents; (iii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from making the Loan Advance; and, (iv) there has been no material adverse change in Borrower s financial condition since the Loan Documents were executed. 

Authorized Signature: 
 Printed Name/Title: 

Authorized Signature: 
 Printed Name/Title: 

EAST
 WEST BANK OFFICE USE ONLY 
 
 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 

For borrower requests initiated without signatures, verified name 
 
 , by phone number 

Prepared By: 
 Signature 
 Printed Name/Title: 

Approved By: 
 Signature 
 Printed Name/Title: 

For loan advance: 
 By signing the above, Approver has validated that the
 request is by an authorized representative(s) of Borrower. 
 When the
 loan advance requires an outgoing wire, Approver has called back the authorized representative(s) of Borrower to confirm the
 information stated in this request, including but not limited to wire instructions. 

Exhibit E FORM OF EXTENSION
REQUEST 

 [ ],
20[ ] 1 

EAST WEST BANK 

 535 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor 

 New York, NY 10022 

 Attn: [ ] 

 E-mail: [ ] 

Re: Loan and Security Agreement,
dated as of July 29, 2024 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Loan
Agreement by and between Siebert Financial Corp., a New York corporation Borrower and East West Bank,
a California banking corporation Bank 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. The undersigned hereby requests
Bank s consent to extend the Initial Term of the Revolver Maturity Date by the Renewal Term Extension Request and certifies that he or she is a Responsible Officer of the Company, and that: 

(a) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date hereof or
after giving effect to this Extension Request; 

(b) no material change to Borrower s or any Guarantor s financial position
has occurred since the Closing Date; 

(c) the representations and warranties made by Borrower in the Loan Agreement, or
which are contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished at any time under or in connection therewith,
are and will be correct on and as of the date of this notice of extension request letter Extension Request Letter ),
except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to any earlier date; 

(d) attached hereto as Schedule 1 Schedule 1 is the financial
information, documentation and/or other information supporting the certifications set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above; 

(e) The financial information, documentation and other information set forth in Schedule
1 are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Extension Request Letter; and 

(f) the undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Loan Agreement
and has made, or has caused to be made under his or her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions (financial or
otherwise) of Borrower during any accounting period covered by any financial statements attached to Schedule 1. 

1 This written request of extension shall be delivered at least
30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term. 

Exhibit E Form of Extension Request 

The foregoing certifications,
together with the financial information, documentation and/or other information supporting the certifications attached to Schedule I,
are made and delivered this 
 day of ,
 . 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. , 

a New York corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit E Form of Extension Request 

Schedule I to Form of Extension
Request 

[financial information, documentation
and/or other information to be attached by Responsible Officer] 

Schedule I to Exhibit E 

EXHIBIT F FORM OF
REVOLVER NOTE 

[ ] 
 [ ], 20[ ] 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED , the undersigned, SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP., a New York corporation Borrower ), HEREBY PROMISES
TO PAY to the order of EAST WEST BANK , a California banking corporation Bank at its office located at
9300 Flair Drive, 6 th Floor, El Monte, CA 91731, Attn: Loan Servicing Department, or at such other place as Bank may from time
to time designate in writing, in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds, the principal amount of [ ] [ ]) , or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances made by Bank to
Borrower, together with interest from the date of disbursement computed on the outstanding principal balance hereof as set forth in the
Loan and Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, by and between Borrower and Bank, and as amended from time to time (the Loan
Agreement ). The Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference in its entirety. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein are used in this revolver note (this Revolver Note as defined in the Loan Agreement. 

This Revolver
Note is entitled to the benefits of the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of
the maturity of the Advances upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of any Advance hereof prior
to the maturity of such Advance upon the terms and conditions specified in the Loan Agreement. 

Borrower
further promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount outstanding from time to time from the date hereof until payment in full
at the rate (or rates) from time to time applicable to the Advances as determined in accordance with the Loan Agreement. Interest shall
be calculated on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360)-day year for the actual days elapsed. 

Borrower,
for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, demand, presentment and protest, and notice of demand, presentment, protest
and nonpayment. Except as otherwise provided in the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents, Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns,
hereby waives all rights to notice and hearing of any kind upon the occurrence of an Event of Default prior to the exercise by Bank of
its rights under the Loan Agreement. 

If this
Revolver Note is not paid when due, whether on its specified or accelerated maturity date, Borrower promises to pay all costs of collection
and enforcement of this Revolver Note, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees and costs, incurred by Bank on
account of such collection or enforcement, whether or not suit is filed hereon. 

This Revolver Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

[Rest of Page Intentionally
Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit F Form of
Extension Request 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed and delivered this Revolver Note as of the date and year first above written. 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. , 

a New York corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit F Form of
Revolver Note 

Schedule 4.1 Permitted Liens 

(a) Mortgage with East West
Bank: On December 30, 2021, the Company purchased the Miami office building for approximately 6.8 million, and the Company entered into
a mortgage with East West Bancorp, Inc. East West Bank for approximately 4 million to finance part of the purchase of
the Miami office building as well as 338,000 to finance part of the build out of the Miami office building. The Company s obligations
under the mortgage are secured by a lien on the Miami office building and the term of the loan is ten years. The repayment schedule will
utilize a 30-year amortization period, with a balloon on the remaining amount due at the end of ten years. The interest rate is 3.6 for
the first 7 years, and thereafter the interest rate shall be at the prime rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal, provided that the
minimum interest rate on any term loan will not be less than 3.6 . As part of the agreement, the Company must maintain a debt service
coverage ratio of 1.4 to 1. The loan is subject to a prepayment penalty over the first five years which is calculated as a percentage
of the principal amount outstanding at the time of prepayment. This percentage is 5 in the first year and decreases by 1 each year thereafter,
ith the prepayment penalty ending after 5 years. As of March 31, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of its covenants related
to this agreement. 

Schedule 5.4 Debt 

(a) The installment payments
made to Kakaopay Securities Corp in respect of the consideration agreed to be paid pursuant to the terms of that certain Termination and
Settlement Agreement, dated December 19, 2023, by and among Borrower and Kakaopay Securities Corp., MSCO and certain other parties named
therein including, but not limited to, the Gebbia Parties. As of the Closing Date, the sum of the outstanding installment payments due
is 4,000,000. 

Schedule 5.6 Affiliates 

Name and Address 
 
 Type of Operation 
 
 Ownership Percentage or Relationship 
 
 Muriel Siebert Co., LLC MSCO 
 
 a registered broker-dealer 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary 
 
 Siebert AdvisorNXT, LLC 
 
 Registered Investment Advisor 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary 
 
 Siebert Technologies, LLC. 
(f/k/a KCA Technologies LLC.) 1 
 
 Develop Retail Trading Platform Mobile App 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary 
 
 Park Wilshire Companies Inc. 
 
 a licensed insurance agency 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary 
 
 RISE Financial Services, LLC 
(f/k/a WPS Prime Services, LLC; Weeden Prime Services, LLC) 
 
 a registered broker-dealer 
 
 Appx. Owned 68 by SFC 

1 Name changed in September 2019 

Schedule 5.12 ERISA 

1) 401k plan administered through the Borrower. The Custodian
is Vanguard, and employer matching is optional (up to 2,000 per employee/per year) 

Schedule 5.14 - Locations 

a. Any other names Borrower has done business under other than the name specified on the signature page
of the Agreement: 

None 

b. Any locations that Borrower owns, leases, or otherwise holds any assets: 

Locations 
 
 Ownership status 
 
 If leased, landlord name and address 
 
 Headquarters Miami Beach 
 Siebert Financial Corp. 
653 Collins Avenue 
 Miami Beach, FL 33139 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 
 
 Boca Raton 
Muriel Siebert Co., LLC 
 4400 North Federal Highway, 
 Suite 122 
Boca Raton, FL 33431 
 
 Lease 
 
 Investments Limited Inc. 
215 N. Federal Hwy 
Boca Raton, FL 33432 
 
 Beverly Hills Wilshire Blvd 
 Muriel Siebert Co., LLC 
 9378 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 300 
Beverly Hills, CA 90212 
 
 Lease 
 
 JLL 10351 
 Santa Monica Blvd, Suite 260 
 Los Angeles, CA 90025 
 
 New York 
 Siebert Financial Corp. 
300 Vesey St., Suite 501, 
New York, NY 10282 
 
 Sublease 
 
 New York 
Mercantile Exchange, Inc. CME Group 300 Vesey Street 
New York, NY 10282 
 
 Philadelphia 
 Siebert Financial Corp. 
 601 Dresher Road, Suite 302 
 Horsham, PA 19044 
 
 Lease 
 
 601 Dresher Partners, LP 
 490 North Main Street, Suite 101 
 Pittston, PA 18640 
 
 Seal Beach 
 Siebert Financial Corp. 
3020 Old Ranch Parkway Suite 300 
 Seal Beach, CA 90740 
 
 Sublease 
 
 Seagate Offices, Inc. 
 dba Access Offices 3020 Old Ranch Parkway Suite 300 
Seal Beach, CA 90740 
 
 Tampa 
 
 Lease 
 
 Northdale Plaza LLC 

Muriel Siebert Co., LLC 
 4950 Northdale Blvd, Suite 105 
 Tampa, FL 33624 

12701 
West Hillsborough Ave 
Tampa, FL 33635 
 
 Calabasas Muriel Siebert Co., LLC 
24005 Ventura Blvd Suite 200 
Calabasas, CA 91302 
 
 Lease 
 
 Montage Insurance Solutions 
24005 Ventura Blvd 
Calabasas, CA 91302 
 
 Beverly Hills Cannon Drive 
 Muriel Siebert Co., LLC 
 190 N. Canon Drive, Suite 200 
Beverly Hills, CA 90210 
 
 Lease 
 
 190 Canon, LLC 
 P.O. Box 907 
 Kirkland, WA 98083 
 
 Omaha 
Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. 
18045 Oak Street 
 Omaha, NE 68130 
 
 Short-term lease 
 
 Gebbia 
Sullivan county trust 9464 Wilshire Blvd. 
 Beverly Hills, CA 90212 
 
 Boston 
 Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. 
77 Summer Street, 3rd Floor 
Boston, MA 02110 
 
 Short-term lease 
 
 HIVE Property Owner LLC 
 c/o Synergy Investments LLC 
Ten Post Office Square14th Floor 
Boston, MA 02109 

Schedule 5.15 Commercial
Tort Claims 

None. 

Schedule 5.20 Transactions with Affiliates 

None. 

Schedule
5.21 Trade Names, Assumed Names, Fictitious Names or Division Names in the operation of its
business 

(a) Borrower was originally incorporated under the name Michaels
 Co., Inc. Borrower changed its name to J. Michaels, Inc. , then to Siebert Capital Corp. and
then to Siebert Financial Corp. 

Schedule 7.7 Permitted Investments 

None. 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 3
 ea021989101ex10-45_siebert.htm
 EAST WEST REVOLVER NOTE AGREEMENT, DATED JULY 29, 2024

Exhibit 10.45 

REVOLVER NOTE 

20,000,000 
 July 29, 2024 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED , the undersigned, SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP., a New York corporation Borrower ), HEREBY PROMISES
TO PAY to the order of EAST WEST BANK , a California banking corporation Bank at its office located at
9300 Flair Drive, 6 th Floor, El Monte, CA 91731, Attn: Loan Servicing Department, or at such other place as Bank may from time
to time designate in writing, in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds, the principal amount of TWENTY
MILLION DOLLARS 20,000,000.00) , or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances
made by Bank to Borrower, together with interest from the date of disbursement computed on the outstanding principal balance hereof as
set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, by and between Borrower and Bank, and as amended from time to
time (the Loan Agreement ). The Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference in its entirety. Capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined herein are used in this revolver note (this Revolver Note as defined in the
Loan Agreement. 

This Revolver
Note is entitled to the benefits of the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of
the maturity of the Advances upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of any Advance hereof prior
to the maturity of such Advance upon the terms and conditions specified in the Loan Agreement. 

Borrower further
promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount outstanding from time to time from the date hereof until payment in full at the
rate (or rates) from time to time applicable to the Advances as determined in accordance with the Loan Agreement. Interest shall be calculated
on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360)-day year for the actual days elapsed. 

Borrower, for
itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, demand, presentment and protest, and notice of demand, presentment, protest
and nonpayment. Except as otherwise provided in the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents, Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns,
hereby waives all rights to notice and hearing of any kind upon the occurrence of an Event of Default prior to the exercise by Bank of
its rights under the Loan Agreement. 

If this Revolver
Note is not paid when due, whether on its specified or accelerated maturity date, Borrower promises to pay all costs of collection and
enforcement of this Revolver Note, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees and costs, incurred by Bank on account
of such collection or enforcement, whether or not suit is filed hereon. 

This Revolver
Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

[Rest of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned has executed and delivered this Revolver Note as of the date and year first above written. 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP., 

a New York corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew Reich 

Name: 
 Andrew Reich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Revolver Note 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 4
 ea021989101ex10-46_siebert.htm
 CONTINUING GUARANTY, DATED JULY 29, 2024

Exhibit 10.46 

Execution Version 

CONTINUING GUARANTY 

This CONTINUING
GUARANTY (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Guaranty ), dated as
of July 29, 2024, is executed and delivered by JOHN J. GEBBIA , individually and as a co-trustee of the JOHN AND GLORIA LIVING
TRUST U/D/T DECEMBER 8, 1994 , and GLORIA GEBBIA , individually and as a co-trustee of the JOHN AND GLORIA LIVING TRUST U/D/T
DECEMBER 8, 1994 (individually and collectively, the Guarantor ), in favor of EAST WEST BANK Lender ),
in light of the following: 

A. 
 Siebert Financial Corp., a New York corporation Borrower and Lender are entering into that certain Loan
and Security Agreement of even date herewith (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan
Agreement ), pursuant to which Borrower requested that Lender provide certain financial accommodations to Borrower; and 

B. 
 It is one of the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement and Lender s agreement to provide such financial
accommodations that the Guarantor execute and deliver this Guaranty. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Guarantor and Bank hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions and
Construction . 

(a) Definitions .
 Initially capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement.
In addition, the following terms, as used in this Guaranty, shall have the following meanings: 

Bankruptcy
Code means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 1532, as amended from time to time. 

Guaranteed
Obligations means any and all Obligations owing to Bank under the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document, including all
such obligations, indebtedness, or liabilities, whether for principal, interest (including any interest which, but for the application
of the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such amounts), premium, reimbursement obligations, fees, costs, expenses
(including, reasonable attorneys fees), or indemnity obligations, whether heretofore, now, or hereafter made, incurred, or created,
whether voluntarily or involuntarily made, incurred, or created, whether secured or unsecured (and if secured, regardless of the nature
or extent of the security), whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or indeterminate, whether Borrower
is liable individually or jointly with others, and whether recovery is or hereafter becomes barred by any statute of limitations or otherwise
becomes unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, including any act or failure to act by Lender. 

(b) 
 Construction . Unless the context of this Guaranty clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the
singular, references to the singular include the plural, and the term including is not limiting. Words importing any gender
include the other genders. The words hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder, and other
similar terms refer to this Guaranty as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guaranty. Any reference herein to any of the
Loan Agreement or any other agreement related thereto includes any and all alterations, amendments, extensions, modifications, renewals,
or supplements thereto or thereof, as applicable. Neither this Guaranty nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or
resolved against Lender or Guarantor, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Guaranty has been reviewed
by Guarantor, Lender, and their respective counsel, and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words
used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of Lender and Guarantor. 

2. Guaranteed Obligations .
Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to Lender, as and for its own debt, until payment in full thereof has been
made, (a) payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, in each case when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity,
pursuant to a mandatory prepayment requirement, by acceleration, or otherwise; it being the intent of Guarantor that the guaranty set
forth herein shall be a guaranty of payment and not a guaranty of collection; and (b) the punctual and faithful performance, keeping,
observance, and fulfillment by Borrower of all of the agreements, conditions, covenants, and obligations of Borrower contained in the
Loan Agreement and in each of the other agreements related thereto. 

3. Continuing
Guaranty . This Guaranty includes Guaranteed Obligations arising under successive transactions continuing, compromising, extending,
increasing, modifying, releasing, or renewing the Guaranteed Obligations, changing the interest rate, payment terms, or other terms and
conditions thereof, or creating new or additional Guaranteed Obligations after prior Guaranteed Obligations have been satisfied in whole
or in part. Guarantor irrevocably waives any right it has, including any rights under California Civil Code Section 2815, to terminate
or revoke the continuing nature of this Guaranty and its application to any Guaranteed Obligations arising after any attempt to terminate
this Guaranty. 

4. Performance Under This Guaranty . In the event that Borrower fails to make any payment of any Guaranteed Obligations
on or before the due date thereof, or if Borrower shall fail to perform, keep, observe, or fulfill any other obligation referred to in
clause (a) of Section 2 hereof in the manner provided in the Loan Agreement or the other agreements related thereto, as applicable,
and all applicable cure periods have expired, Guarantor immediately shall cause such payment to be made or each of such obligations to
be performed, kept, observed, or fulfilled. 

5. Primary Obligations . This Guaranty is a primary and original obligation of Guarantor and is an absolute, unconditional,
and continuing guaranty of payment and performance which shall remain in full force and effect without respect to future changes in conditions,
including any change of law. Guarantor agrees that it is directly, and jointly and severally with any other guarantor of the Guaranteed
Obligations, liable to Lender, that the obligations of Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of Borrower or any other
guarantor, and that a separate action may be brought against Guarantor whether such action is brought against Borrower or any other guarantor
or whether Borrower or any such other guarantor is joined in such action. Guarantor agrees that its liability hereunder shall be immediate
and shall not be contingent upon the exercise or enforcement by Lender of whatever remedies it may have against Borrower or any other
guarantor, or the enforcement of any lien or realization upon any security Lender may at any time possess. Guarantor agrees that any release
which may be given by Lender to Borrower or any other guarantor shall not release Guarantor. Guarantor consents and agrees that Lender
shall be under no obligation (under Sections 2899 or 3433 of the California Civil Code or otherwise) to marshal any assets of Borrower
or any other guarantor in favor of Guarantor, or against or in payment of any or all of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

6. Waivers . Except as
prohibited by applicable law, Guarantor waives any right to require Lender to( A) make any presentment, protest, demand, or notice
of any kind, including notice of change of any terms of repayment of the Indebtedness, default by Borrower or any other guarantor or
surety, any action or nonaction taken by Borrower, Lender, or any other guarantor or surety of Borrower, or the creation of new or
additional Indebtedness; (B) proceed against any person, including Borrower, before proceeding against Guarantor; (C) proceed
against any collateral for the Indebtedness, including Borrower s collateral, before proceeding against Guarantor; (D) apply
any payments or proceeds received against the Indebtedness in any order; (E) give notice of the terms, time, and place of any sale
of the collateral pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code or any other law governing such sale; (F) disclose any information about
the Indebtedness, the Borrower, the collateral, or any other guarantor or surety, or about any action or nonaction of Lender; or (G)
pursue any remedy or course of action in Lender s power whatsoever. 

Guarantor also waives any and
all rights or defenses arising by reason of (H) any disability or other defense of Borrower, any other guarantor or surety or any other
person; (I) the cessation from any cause whatsoever, other than payment in full, of the Indebtedness; (J) the application of proceeds
of the Indebtedness by Borrower for purposes other than the purposes understood and intended by Guarantor and Lender; (K) any act of
omission or commission by Lender which directly or indirectly results in or contributes to the discharge of Borrower or any other guarantor
or surety, or the Indebtedness, or the loss or release of any collateral by operation of law or otherwise; (L) any statute of limitations
in any action under this Guaranty or on the Indebtedness; or (M) any modification or change in terms of the Indebtedness, whatsoever,
including without limitation, the renewal, extension, acceleration, or other change in the time payment of the Indebtedness is due and
any change in the interest rate, and including any such modification or change in terms after revocation of this Guaranty on the Indebtedness
incurred prior to such revocation. 

2 

Guarantor waives
all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification, and contribution and any other rights and defenses that are or may become available
to Guarantor by reason of California Civil Code Sections 2787 to 2855, inclusive. 

Guarantor
waives all rights and any defenses arising out of an election of remedies by Lender even though that the election of remedies, such as
a non-judicial foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed obligation, has destroyed Guarantor s rights of subrogation
and reimbursement against Borrower by operation of Section 580d of the California Code of Civil Procedure or otherwise. 

Guarantor waives all
rights and defenses that Guarantor may have because Borrower s obligation is secured by real property. This means among other
things: (N) Lender may collect from Guarantor without first foreclosing on any real or personal property collateral pledged by
Borrower. (O) If Lender forecloses on any real property collateral pledged by Borrower: (1) the amount of Borrower s
obligation may be reduced only by the price for which the collateral is sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the collateral is
worth more than the sale price. (2) Lender may collect from Guarantor even if Lender, by foreclosing on the real property
collateral, has destroyed any right Guarantor may have to collect from Borrower. This is an unconditional and irrevocable waiver of
any rights and defenses Guarantor may have because Borrower s obligation is secured by real property. These rights and
defenses include, but are not limited to, any rights and defenses based upon Section 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the Code of Civil
Procedure. 

Guarantor
understands and agrees that the foregoing waivers are unconditional and irrevocable waivers of substantive rights and defenses to which
Guarantor might otherwise be entitled under state and federal law. The rights and defenses waived include, without limitation, those provided
by California laws of suretyship and guaranty, anti-deficiency laws, and the Uniform Commercial Code. Guarantor acknowledges that Guarantor
has provided these waivers of rights and defenses with the intention that they be fully relied upon by Lender. Guarantor further understands
and agrees that this Guaranty is a separate and independent contract between Guarantor and Lender, given for full and ample consideration,
and is enforceable on its own terms. Until all of the Indebtedness is paid in full, Guarantor waives any right to enforce any remedy Guarantor
may have against the Borrower or any other guarantor, surety, or other person, and further, Guarantor waives any right to participate
in any collateral for the Indebtedness now or hereafter held by Lender. 

Guarantor s
Understanding With Respect To Waivers. Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers set forth above is made with Guarantor s
full knowledge of its significance and consequences and that, under the circumstances, the waivers are reasonable and not contrary to
public policy or law. If any such waiver is determined to be contrary to any applicable law or public policy, such waiver shall be effective
only to the extent permitted by law or public policy. 

7. Releases . 
Guarantor consents and agrees that, without notice to or by Guarantor and without affecting or impairing the obligations of Guarantor
hereunder, Lender may, by action or inaction: 

(a) 
 compromise, settle, extend the duration or the time for the payment of, or discharge the performance of, or may refuse to or otherwise
not enforce the Loan Documents; 

(b) 
 release all or any one or more parties to any one or more of the Loan Documents or grant other indulgences to Borrower in respect
thereof; 

(c) amend or modify in any manner and at any
time (or from time to time) any of the Loan Documents; or 

3 

(d) 
 release or substitute any other guarantor, if any, of the Guaranteed Obligations, or enforce, exchange, release (by action or inaction),
or waive any security for the Guaranteed Obligations or any other guaranty of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any portion thereof. 

8. 
 No Election . Lender shall have the right to seek recourse against Guarantor to the fullest extent provided for herein,
and no election by Lender to proceed in one form of action or proceeding, or against any party, or on any obligation, shall constitute
a waiver of Lender s right to proceed in any other form of action or proceeding or against other parties unless Lender has expressly
waived such right in writing. Specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no action or proceeding by Lender under
any document or instrument evidencing the Guaranteed Obligations shall serve to diminish the liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty,
except to the extent that Lender shall have realized payment in full by such action or proceeding. 

9. Claw-Back . In
the event that, for any reason, any portion of payments of the Guaranteed Obligations to Lender is set aside or restored, whether voluntarily
or involuntarily, after the making thereof, then the obligation intended to be satisfied thereby shall be revived and continued in full
force and effect as if said payment or payments had not been made, and Guarantor shall be liable for the full amount Lender is required
to repay plus any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) paid by Lender in connection therewith. 

10. Financial
Condition of Borrower . Guarantor represents and warrants to Lender that Guarantor is currently informed of the financial
condition of Borrower and of all other circumstances which a diligent inquiry would reveal and which bear upon the risk of
nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantor further represents and warrants to Lender that Guarantor has read and
understands the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and the other agreements related thereto. Guarantor hereby covenants that
Guarantor will continue to keep informed of Borrower s financial condition, the financial condition of other guarantors, if
any, and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment or nonperformance of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

11. 
 Payments; Application . All payments to be made hereunder by Guarantor shall be made in lawful money of the United States
of America at the time of payment, shall be made in immediately available funds, and shall be made without deduction (whether for taxes
or otherwise) or offset. All payments made by Guarantor hereunder shall be applied as follows: first, to all reasonable costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by Lender in enforcing this Guaranty or in collecting the Guaranteed Obligations;
second, to all accrued and unpaid interest, premium, if any, and fees owing to Lender constituting Guaranteed Obligations; and third,
to the balance of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

12. 
 Attorneys Fees and Other Costs and Expenses . Guarantor agrees to pay, on demand, (a) all reasonable attorneys 
fees and all other reasonable costs and expenses which may be incurred by Lender in the enforcement of this Guaranty (including without
limitation any claim in any action or proceeding brought under the Bankruptcy Code) or in any way arising out of, or consequential to
the protection, assertion, or enforcement of the Guaranteed Obligations (or any security therefor), including without limitation, any
losses suffered by Lender caused by Guarantor s negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or fraud in the performance or non performance
of the duties owed under this Guaranty, whether or not suit is brought. 

4 

13. Notices .
All notices or demands by Guarantor or Lender to the other relating to this Guaranty shall be in writing and either personally
served or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, overnight delivery service, or by
telefacsimile, and shall be deemed to be given for purposes of this Guaranty on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or five
days after the deposit thereof in the mail. Unless otherwise specified in a notice sent or delivered in accordance with the
provisions of this section, such writing shall be sent, if to Guarantor, at Guarantor s address set forth below, and if to
Lender, then as follows: 

If to Lender: 

East West Bank 

 535 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor 

 New York, NY 10022 

 Attn: Stephen E. Altneu 

 E-mail: steve.altneu@eastwestbank.com 

If to Guarantor: 

John J.
Gebbia, individually and as co-trustee 

 Gloria Gebbia, individually and as co-trustee 

 5697 Hoback Glenn 

 Hidden Hills, CA 91302 

 E-mail: areich@siebert.com 

14. Cumulative Remedies . No remedy under this Guaranty or under the Loan Agreement or any of the other agreements related
thereto is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, but each and every remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any and every
other remedy given hereunder or under the Loan Agreement or any of the other agreements related thereto, and those provided by law or
in equity. No delay or omission by Lender to exercise any right under this Guaranty shall impair any such right nor be construed to be
a waiver thereof. No failure on the part of Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right. 

15. Books and
Records . Guarantor agrees that Lender s books and records showing the account between Lender and Borrower shall be
admissible in any action or proceeding for the purpose of establishing the items therein set forth and shall constitute prima facie
proof thereof. 

16. Severability of Provisions .
Any provision of this Guaranty which is prohibited or unenforceable under applicable law, shall be ineffective to the extent of such
prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. 

17. Entire Agreement;
Amendments . This Guaranty constitutes the entire agreement between Guarantor and Lender pertaining to the subject matter
contained herein. This Guaranty may not be altered, amended, or modified, nor may any provision hereof be waived or noncompliance
therewith consented to, except by means of a writing executed by both Guarantor and Lender. Any such alteration, amendment,
modification, waiver, or consent shall be effective only to the extent specified therein and for the specific purpose for which
given. No course of dealing and no delay or waiver of any right or default under this Guaranty shall be deemed a waiver of any
other, similar or dissimilar right or default or otherwise prejudice the rights and remedies hereunder. 

18. Successors and
Assigns . This Guaranty shall be binding upon Guarantor s successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the
successors and assigns of Lender; provided, however, Guarantor shall not assign this Guaranty or delegate any of its duties
hereunder without Lender s prior written consent. Any assignment without the consent of Lender shall be absolutely void. In
the event of any assignment or other transfer of rights by Lender, the rights and benefits herein conferred upon Lender shall
automatically extend to and be vested in such assignee or other transferee. 

5 

19. Choice of Law
and Venue . This Guaranty shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of California,
without regard to principles of conflicts of law. Each of Guarantor and Lender hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
state and Federal courts located in the County of Los Angeles, State of California; provided, however, that nothing in this Guaranty
shall be deemed to operate to preclude Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to enforce
its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Lender. Guarantor
expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and Guarantor
hereby waives any objection that he or she may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non
conveniens and hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Guarantor
hereby waives personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service
of such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to Guarantor at the address set
forth in, or subsequently provided by Guarantor in accordance with, Section 13 of this Guaranty and that service so made shall be
deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of Guarantor s actual receipt thereof or 3 days after deposit in the U.S. mails,
proper postage prepaid. 

20. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL .
GUARANTOR AND LENDER EACH WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS GUARANTY,
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER
IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR LENDER TO ENTER INTO THE LOAN AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL. 

21. Judicial Reference .
WITHOUT INTENDING IN ANY WAY TO LIMIT THE PARTIES AGREEMENT TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY, if the above
waiver of the right to a trial by jury is not enforceable, the parties hereto agree that any and all disputes or controversies of any
nature between them arising at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, who shall be a retired state or federal court
judge, mutually selected by the parties or, if they cannot agree, then any party may seek to have a private judge appointed in accordance
with California Code of Civil Procedure 638 and 640 (or pursuant to comparable provisions of federal law if the dispute
falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts), sitting without a jury, in Los Angeles County, California; and the parties
hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such court. The reference proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the
provisions of California Code of Civil Procedure 638 through 645.1, inclusive. The private judge shall have the power, among
others, to grant provisional relief, including without limitation, entering temporary restraining orders, issuing preliminary and permanent
injunctions and appointing receivers. All such proceedings shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto
shall be permanently sealed. If during the course of any dispute, a party desires to seek provisional relief, but a judge has not been
appointed at that point pursuant to the judicial reference procedures, then such party may apply to the Los Angeles County Superior Court
for such relief. The proceeding before the private judge shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the
rules of evidence applicable to judicial proceedings. The parties shall be entitled to discovery which shall be conducted in the same
manner as it would be before a court under the rules of discovery applicable to judicial proceedings. The private judge shall oversee
discovery and may enforce all discovery rules and orders applicable to judicial proceedings in the same manner as a trial court judge.
The parties agree that the selected or appointed private judge shall have the power to decide all issues in the action or proceeding,
whether of fact or of law, and shall report a statement of decision thereon pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure 644(a).
Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of any party at any time to exercise self-help remedies, foreclose against collateral,
or obtain provisional remedies. The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation, and
enforceability of this paragraph. The parties agree that time is of the essence in conducting the referenced proceedings. The parties
shall promptly and diligently cooperate with one another and the referee, and shall perform such acts as may be necessary to obtain prompt
and expeditious resolution of the dispute or controversy in accordance with the terms hereof. The costs shall be borne equally by the
parties. 

22. Waivers, Consents .
 Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers and consents set forth herein is made after consultation with legal counsel
and with full knowledge of its significance and consequence, with the understanding that events giving rise to any defense or right waived
may diminish, destroy, or otherwise adversely affect rights which Guarantor otherwise may have against Borrower, Lender, or others, or
against any collateral, and that, under the circumstances, the waivers and consents herein given are reasonable and not contrary to public
policy or law. If any of the waivers or consents herein are determined to be unenforceable under applicable law, such waivers and consents
shall be effective to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has executed and delivered this Guaranty
to Lender, as of the date set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 

GUARANTOR: 

/s/ John j. Gebbia 

JOHN J. GEBBIA, individually and as a co-trustee of the JOHN AND GLORIA LIVING TRUST U/D/T DECEMBER 8, 1994 

/s/ Gloria Gebbia 

GLORIA GEBBIA, individually and as a co-trustee of the JOHN AND GLORIA LIVING TRUST U/D/T DECEMBER 8, 1994 

Continuing Guaranty 
(Gebbia Parties) 

LENDER: 

EAST WEST BANK 

By: 
 /s/ May Kwong 

Name: 
 May Kwong 

Title: 
 Senior Vice President 

Continuing Guaranty 
(Gebbia Parties) 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ea021989101ex31-1_siebert.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a), 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John J. Gebbia, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Siebert
Financial Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John J. Gebbia 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 John J. Gebbia 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ea021989101ex31-2_siebert.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a), 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Andrew H. Reich, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Siebert Financial Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and
report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Andrew H. Reich 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 Andrew H. Reich 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ea021989101ex32-1_siebert.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Siebert Financial Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John J. Gebbia, in my capacity as Chief Executive Officer, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and the results of operations
of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ John J. Gebbia 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 John J. Gebbia 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other documents authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Siebert Financial Corp. and will
be retained by Siebert Financial Corp. and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ea021989101ex32-2_siebert.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Siebert Financial Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew H. Reich, in my capacity as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

2. T he information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period covered by the Report and the results of operations of the Company
for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Andrew H. Reich 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 Andrew H. Reich 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906, or other documents authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Siebert Financial
Corp. and will be retained by Siebert Financial Corp. and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 sieb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 sieb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 sieb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 sieb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 sieb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

