<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1585364_0001585364-24-000141.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20333096</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>171362</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9865105</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5208639</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2466349</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2299648</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001585364-24-000141.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106162238
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001585364-24-000141
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PERRIGO Co plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36353
		FILM NUMBER:		241431377

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THE SHARP BUILDING
		STREET 2:		HOGAN PLACE
		CITY:			DUBLIN 2
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			D02 TY74
		BUSINESS PHONE:		269-673-8451

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 EASTERN AVENUE
		CITY:			ALLEGAN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PERRIGO Co Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130828

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001585364-24-000141.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 prgo-20240928.htm
 10-Q

prgo-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 _______________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________________________________ 
 Not Applicable (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

+ 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including 
 area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were ordinary shares outstanding. 

PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX PAGE 
 NUMBER 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 10 
 2 Revenue Recognition 
 12 
 3 Divestitures 
 13 
 4 Assets Held for Sale 
 13 
 5 Discontinued Operations 
 13 
 6 Inventories 
 14 
 7 Investments 
 14 
 8 Leases 
 15 
 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 16 
 10 Fair Value Measurements 
 18 
 11 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 19 
 12 Indebtedness 
 25 
 13 Earnings per Share and Shareholders' Equity 
 27 
 14 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 27 
 15 Restructuring Charges 
 28 
 16 Income Taxes 
 29 
 17 Contingencies 
 31 
 18 Segment Information 
 38 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 57 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 57 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 57 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 58 
 Signatures 
 59 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our, or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. In particular, statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, future events or future performance contained in this report, including certain statements contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, will, could, would, should, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, "forecast," predict, potential or the negative of those terms or other comparable terminology. 
 
 The Company has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While the Company believes these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company s control, including: supply chain impacts on the Company s business, including those caused or exacerbated by armed conflict, trade and other economic sanctions and/or disease; general economic, credit, and market conditions; the impact of the war in Ukraine and any escalation thereof, including the effects of economic and political sanctions imposed by the United States, United Kingdom, European Union, and other countries related thereto; the outbreak or escalation of conflict in other regions where we do business, including the Middle East; current and future impairment charges, including those related to the sale of the H ra SAS ("HRA Pharma") Rare Diseases Business, if we determine that the carrying amount of specific assets may not be recoverable from the expected future cash flows of such assets; customer acceptance of new products; competition from other industry participants, some of whom have greater marketing resources or larger market shares in certain product categories than the Company does; pricing pressures from customers and consumers; resolution of uncertain tax positions and any litigation relating thereto, ongoing or future government investigations and regulatory initiatives; uncertainty regarding the Company s ability to obtain and maintain its regulatory approvals; potential costs and reputational impact of product recalls or sales halts; potential adverse changes to U.S. and foreign tax, healthcare and other government policy; the effect of epidemic or pandemic disease; the timing, amount and cost of any share repurchases (or the absence thereof) and/or any refinancing of outstanding debt at or prior to maturity; fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates; the Company's ability to achieve benefits expected from its sale of the HRA Rare Diseases Business, including potential earnout payments, and the sale of its Hospital and Specialty Business and the risk that potential costs or liabilities incurred or retained in connection with those transactions may exceed the Company's estimates or adversely affect the Company's business or operations; the risk that potential costs or liabilities incurred or retained in connection with the sale of the Company's Rx business may exceed the Company s estimates or adversely affect the Company s business or operations; the Company s ability to achieve the benefits expected from the acquisitions of HRA Pharma and Nestl s Gateway infant formula plant along with the U.S. and Canadian rights to the GoodStart infant formula brand and other related formula brands ("Gateway") and/or the risks that the Company s synergy estimates are inaccurate or that the Company faces higher than anticipated integration or other costs in connection with the acquisitions; risks associated with the integration of HRA Pharma and Gateway, including the risk that growth rates are adversely affected by any delay in the integration of sales and distribution networks; the consummation and success of other announced and unannounced acquisitions or dispositions, and the Company s ability to realize the desired benefits thereof; and the Company s ability to execute and achieve the desired benefits of announced cost-reduction efforts and other strategic initiatives and investments, including the Company s ability to achieve the expected benefits from its ongoing restructuring programs described herein. Adverse results with respect to pending litigation could have a material adverse impact on the Company's operating results, cash flows and liquidity, and could ultimately require the use of corporate assets to pay damages, reducing assets that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. These and other important factors, including those discussed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, this report under Risk Factors and in any subsequent filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report are made only as of the date hereof, and unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
 TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES AND SERVICE MARKS 
 
 This report contains trademarks, trade names and service marks that are the property of Perrigo Company plc, as well as, for informational purposes, trademarks, trade names, and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, certain trademarks, trade names, and service marks referred to in this report appear without the , and SM symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate that we or the applicable owner, as the case may be, will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our or their rights to such trademarks, trade names, and service marks. 
 3 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Distribution Research and development Selling Administration Impairment charges Restructuring Other operating (income) expense, net ) ) Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share 
 Basic Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share ) ) Diluted Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 

 PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, net of tax ) ) Change in post-retirement and pension liability, net of tax ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 

 PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets Definite-lived intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities Accounts payable Payroll and related taxes Accrued customer programs Other accrued liabilities Accrued income taxes Current indebtedness Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies - Refer to Note 17 par value per share, shares authorized 
 Ordinary shares, par value per share, shares authorized 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity Supplemental Disclosures of Balance Sheet Information Preferred shares, issued and outstanding 
 Ordinary shares, issued and outstanding 

See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 

 PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Ordinary Shares Issued Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income Restricted stock plan Compensation for restricted stock Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Shares withheld for payment of employees' withholding tax liability ) ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Restricted stock plan 
 Compensation for restricted stock Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Shares withheld for payment of employees' withholding tax liability ) ) Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Restricted stock plan 
 Compensation for restricted stock Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Shares withheld for payment of employees' withholding tax liability ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

7 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 

 PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Continued) 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Ordinary Shares Issued Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Restricted stock plan Compensation for restricted stock Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Shares withheld for payment of employees' withholding tax liability ) ) ) Balance at March 30, 2024 ) ) Net (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Restricted stock plan 
 Compensation for restricted stock Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Shares withheld for payment of employees' withholding tax liability ) ) Balance at June 29, 2024 ) ) Net (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income Restricted stock plan 
 Compensation for restricted stock Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Shares withheld for payment of employees' withholding tax liability ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 

 PERRIGO COMPANY PLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to derive cash flows: Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Share-based compensation Restructuring charges Settlement of interest rate derivatives Dedesignation of interest rate swap agreements Amortization of debt discount Deferred income taxes ) Gain on sale of assets ) ) Gain on sale of business ) Other non-cash adjustments, net ) Subtotal (Decrease) increase in cash due to: Accrued income taxes ) ) Payroll and related taxes ) ) Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued customer programs Other accrued liabilities Other operating, net Subtotal ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash Flows From (For) Investing Activities Net proceeds from sale of businesses Proceeds from sale of assets Proceeds from royalty rights Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Settlement of foreign currency derivatives ) Net cash from (for) investing activities ) Cash Flows From (For) Financing Activities Issuances of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Other financing, net ) ) Net cash from (for) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of continuing operations, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of continuing operations, end of period 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 1 

NOTE 1 - 

Financial information related to our business segments and geographic locations can be found in Note 2 and Note 18 . 

10 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 1 

million and million of restricted cash as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. We entered into an agreement to extend a credit line to an existing customer in exchange for a cash security deposit. The agreement requires the cash to be held in a separate account and to be returned to the customer at the expiration of the agreement provided all credits have been paid as agreed. 

Provision for credit losses, net ) ) Receivables written-off ) ) ) ) Recoveries collected Currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 11 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 2 

 NOTE 2 - 
 
 Upper Respiratory Digestive Health Pain and Sleep-Aids Healthy Lifestyle Oral Care Skin Care Women's Health Vitamins, Minerals, and Supplements ("VMS") Other CSCA Total CSCA CSCI Skin Care Upper Respiratory Pain and Sleep-Aids Healthy Lifestyle VMS Women's Health Oral Care Digestive Health Other CSCI (2) 
 Total CSCI Total net sales 
 
 (1) We updated our global reporting product categories as a result of legacy sales being moved out of Other CSCA and into respective categories. These product categories have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the changes and have no impact on historical financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 (2) Consists primarily of the Rare Diseases Business and other miscellaneous or otherwise uncategorized product lines and other adjustments, none of which is greater than 10 of the segment net sales. 

Europe (2) 
 All other countries (3) 
 Total net sales 
 (1) The net sales by geography are derived from the location of the entity that sells to a third party. 
 (2) Includes Ireland net sales of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Includes net sales generated primarily in Australia and Canada. 
 12 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 3 

 NOTE 3 - 
 
 million, inclusive of net cash received, an estimated working capital adjustment, and contingent consideration with a fair value of million as of September 28, 2024. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of million, net of professional fees, recorded in Other (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations within our CSCI segment. 
 
 The assets associated with this business were reported within our CSCI segment. During previous quarters in 2024, we determined the carrying value of the net assets held for sale of this business exceeded their fair value less costs to sell, resulting in a total impairment charge of million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, inclusive of a goodwill impairment charge of million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded an impairment charge of million on the Rare Diseases Business. 
 
 Branded Products 
 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we sold branded products in separate transactions for total cash consideration of million, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of million recorded in Other operating (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations within our CSCI segment. 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 million, inclusive of a goodwill impairment charge of million within our CSCI segment. 
 
 The assets and liabilities held for sale related to the Hospital Specialty Business were reported within Current assets held for sale and Current liabilities held for sale on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net of impairment charges, the assets and liabilities of the Hospital Specialty Business reported as held for sale as of September 28, 2024 totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 The sale of the Hospital Specialty Business was completed on November 1, 2024. Gain (loss) on de-recognition will be recognized in the fourth quarter within Other (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 billion. The consideration included a million reimbursement related to Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA") for a generic topical lotion which Altaris delivered in cash to Perrigo pursuant to the terms of the definitive agreement during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 13 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 5 

 , extendable up to by the party who is the purchaser of the products under such agreement. We also extended distribution rights to the Rx business for certain OTC products owned and manufactured by Perrigo that may be fulfilled through pharmacy channels, in return for a share of the net profits. 
 
 In connection with the sale, Perrigo retained certain pre-closing liabilities arising out of antitrust (refer to Note 17- Contingencies under the header "Price-Fixing Lawsuits") and opioid matters and the Company s Albuterol recall, subject to, in each case, Altaris' obligation to indemnify the Company for percent of these liabilities up to an aggregate cap on Altaris' obligation of million. We have not requested payments from Altaris related to the indemnity of these liabilities during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 Work in process Raw materials Total inventories 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 Fair value method (1) 
 Other non-current assets Equity method Other non-current assets 
 (1) Measured at fair value using the Net Asset Value practical expedient. 
 
 Equity method Other operating (income) expense, net 
 
 14 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 8 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 Finance Other non-current assets Total 
 Liabilities Balance Sheet Location September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current Operating Other accrued liabilities Finance Current indebtedness Non-Current Operating Other non-current liabilities Finance Long-term debt, less current portion Total 
 
 The below tables show our lease assets and liabilities by reporting segment (in millions): 
 Assets Operating Financing September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 CSCA CSCI Unallocated Total 
 Liabilities Operating Financing September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 CSCA CSCI Unallocated Total 
 
 Finance leases Amortization Interest Total finance leases 
 (1) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 
 
 15 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 8 

2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 CSCI (2) 
 ) ) Total goodwill ) ) 
 (1) We had accumulated goodwill impairments of million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) We had accumulated goodwill impairments of million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 16 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 9 

million within our CSCI segment during the three months ended September 28, 2024 (refer to Note 4 and Note 10 ). 
 
 Rare Diseases Business Goodwill 
 
 On April 25, 2024, we announced the receipt of a binding offer from ESTEVE to acquire the Rare Diseases Business within our CSCI segment. As a result, we determined an impairment indicator existed and prepared a quantitative goodwill impairment test. We determined the carrying value of this business exceeded the fair value and recorded an impairment of million within our CSCI segment during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. On July 10, 2024, we completed the sale of the Rare Diseases Business to ESTEVE (refer to Note 3 and Note 10 ). 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 In-process research and development Total indefinite-lived intangibles Definite-lived intangibles: 
 Distribution and license agreements and supply agreements Developed product technology, formulations, and product rights Customer relationships and distribution networks Trademarks, trade names, and brands Non-compete agreements Total definite-lived intangibles Total intangible assets 

As a result of the Company signing a definitive agreement to sell the Hospital Specialty Business, during the three months ended September 28, 2024, we reclassified million net book value of associated intangible assets to Current assets held for sale (refer to Note 4 ). 
 
 As a result of the Company completing the sale of the Rare Diseases Business during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, million net book value of associated intangible assets were divested (refer to Note 3 ). 
 
 We recorded amortization expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 17 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 10 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Interest rate swap agreements Total assets Liabilities: Cross-currency swap Foreign currency forward contracts Interest rate swap agreements Total liabilities Measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: Assets: Goodwill (1) 
 Assets held for sale, net (2) 
 Total assets held for sale, net 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2023, goodwill within the Rare Diseases Business with a carrying value of million was written down to a fair value of million. 
 (2) We measured the net assets held for sale for impairment purposes and recorded a total impairment of million, resulting in a net asset held for sale balance of million (refer to Note 4 ). 
 
 There were no transfers within Level 3 fair value measurements during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Non-recurring fair values represent only those assets whose carrying values were adjusted to fair value during the reporting period. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Hospital Specialty Business 
 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we prepared a goodwill impairment test utilizing the estimated closing consideration resulting from the definitive agreement to sell the Hospital Specialty Business to Genesis Capital. The estimated consideration included an upfront cash payment. We determined the carrying value of this business exceeded the fair value and recorded an impairment in the CSCI segment (refer to Note 9 ). 
 
 Rare Diseases Business 
 
 On July 10, 2024, we completed the sale of our Rare Diseases Business to ESTEVE and valued the contingent earn-out milestone payments at million utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation. The approach determined the expected value of achieving the milestone payments based on adjusted revenue projections for the Rare Diseases Business and the cash flows were discounted. 
 18 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 10 

Fair value 
 
 The fair values of our public bonds for all periods were based on quoted market prices. The fair values of our private placement notes for all periods were based on interest rates offered for borrowings of a similar nature and remaining maturities. 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 variable-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements. of the interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges to fix the interest rate on a substantial portion of the Term Loan B Facility (as defined in Note 12 ). The interest rate swaps cover an interest period ranging from June 1, 2022, through April 1, 2029, on notional balances that decline from billion to million over the term. The other interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges to fix the interest rate on a substantial portion of the Term Loan A Facility (as defined in Note 12 ). The interest rate swaps covered an interest period ranging from June 1, 2022, through April 1, 2027, on notional balances that decline from million to million over the term. 
 
 In November 2023, to economically hedge the interest rate risk of the million Term B Loan add-on (as defined in Note 12 ), we entered into variable-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements. The interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges to fix the interest rate on a substantial portion of the Term B Loans. In September 2024, we elected to fully de-designate these interest rate swap agreements and discontinued hedge accounting as a result of the reduction in our variable rate debt (refer to Note 12 ), and entered into additional undesignated fixed-to-variable interest rate swap agreement to offset the de-designated interest rate swap agreements. As a result, the million loss reported in AOCI related to the de-designated interest rate swap agreements was reclassified into earnings immediately as the forecasted transaction (i.e. interest payments) will no longer occur. These interest rate swap agreements are carried at fair value and are not designated as hedging instruments. Changes in fair value of the derivative instruments are recognized in other income (expense), net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations, in the current period, along with offsetting foreign currency gain or loss on the underlying assets or liabilities. 
 
 In May 2024, we cash settled the remaining notional of million variable-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements at market rates. The termination resulted in cash proceeds of million, for which the gain remains deferred in Other Comprehensive Income ("OCI") and will be recognized within Interest expense, net as interest is paid on the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The proceeds are recognized as cash flows from operating activities within the Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 19 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 11 

million over the term. 
 
 As a designated cash flow hedge, gains and losses will be deferred in AOCI and recognized within Interest expense, net when interest is paid on the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
 
 Cross-currency Swaps 
 
 In October 2022, we entered into fixed-for-fixed cross currency interest rate swaps at market rates and designated the instruments as net investment hedges on our investment in European operations. As a designated net investment hedge, the loss related to the EUR spot exchange rate on the settled swaps was deferred within the Cumulative Translation Adjustment, a component of AOCI, and will not be recognized in the Statement of Operations until the hedged EUR net investment is substantially liquidated. The following are the terms and notional amounts outstanding: 
 
 million notional amount outstanding from October 25, 2022 through March 15, 2026; 
 million notional amount outstanding from October 25, 2022 through June 15, 2030; and 
 million notional amount outstanding from August 2, 2024 through April 20, 2027. 
 
 On November 21, 2023, we entered into fixed-for-fixed cross currency interest rate swaps designated as net investment hedges to hedge the EUR currency exposure of our investment in European operations. The following are the terms and notional amount outstanding: 
 
 million notional amount outstanding from November 21, 2023 through April 20, 2027. 
 
 In May 2024, we cash settled million notional amount outstanding of the original million cross currency interest rate swap outstanding from October 25, 2022 through December 15, 2024. The settlement resulted in cash outflows of million recognized as part of cash flows for investing activities within the Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. On August 2, 2024 we restructured the million remaining notional amount outstanding of the original million cross-currency interest rate swap to extend the maturity to April 2027. There was no cash outflow as a result of the restructuring. 
 
 On May 7, 2024, we entered into new fixed-for-fixed cross currency interest rate swaps designated as net investment hedges to hedge the EUR currency exposure of our investment in European operations. The following are the terms and notional amount outstanding: 
 
 million notional amount outstanding from May 7, 2024 through April 20, 2027. 
 
 On September 17, 2024, we entered into new fixed-for-fixed cross currency interest rate swaps designated as net investments hedges to hedge the EUR currency exposure of our investment in European operations. The following are the terms and notional amounts outstanding: 
 
 million notional amount outstanding from September 17, 2024 through September 30, 2028; 
 million notional amount outstanding from September 17, 2024 through June 15, 2030; and 
 million notional amount outstanding from September 17, 2024 through September 30, 2032. 
 
 As a designated net investment hedge, gains and losses related to the EUR spot exchange rate will be deferred within the Cumulative Translation Adjustment, a component of AOCI, and recognized in the Statement of Operations when the hedged EUR net investment is substantially liquidated. Gains and losses on excluded components (e.g., interest differentials) will be recorded in Interest expense, net on a systematic and rational basis. 
 
 Other Hedging Instruments 
 
 On September 17, 2024, we designated million of the 2032 Notes (as defined in Note 12 as a net investment hedge on our investment in European operations. 
 
 20 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 11 

Swedish Krona (SEK) European Euro (EUR) Danish Krone (DKK) United States Dollar (USD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Chinese Yuan (CNH) Polish Zloty (PLZ) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Other Total 
 
 The maximum term of our forward currency exchange contracts is months. 
 
 Effects of Derivatives on the Financial Statements 
 
 The below tables indicate the effects of all derivative instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. All amounts exclude income tax effects. 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Other non-current assets Interest rate swap agreements Other non-current assets Total designated derivative assets Non-designated derivative assets: Foreign currency forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total non-designated derivative assets Designated derivative liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Other accrued liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Other non-current liabilities Cross-currency swap Other accrued liabilities Cross-currency swap Other non-current liabilities Interest rate swap agreements 
 Other non-current liabilities Total designated derivative liabilities Non-designated derivative liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts Other accrued liabilities Interest rate swap agreements 
 Other non-current liabilities Total non-designated derivative liabilities 
 
 21 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 11 
 
 ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 22 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 11 
 Interest expense, net Interest expense, net Foreign currency forward contracts ) Net sales ) Net sales ) Cost of sales Cost of sales ) Other (income) expense, net ) Total Cash flow hedges ) ) Net investment hedges Cross-currency swap ) Interest expense, net Euro Notes Due 2032 ) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Cash flow hedges Interest rate swap agreements Interest expense, net Interest expense, net Foreign currency forward contracts ) Net sales ) Net sales ) Cost of sales Cost of sales ) Other (income) expense, net Total Cash flow hedges ) Net investment hedges Cross-currency swap ) Interest expense, net Euro Notes Due 2032 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash flow hedges Interest rate swap agreements Interest expense, net Interest expense, net Foreign currency forward contracts ) Net sales ) Net sales Cost of sales Cost of sales Other (income) expense, net Total Cash flow hedges Net investment hedges Cross-currency swap Interest expense, net Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash flow hedges Interest rate swap agreements Interest expense, net Interest expense, net Foreign currency forward contracts ) Net sales Net sales Cost of sales Cost of sales Other (income) expense, net ) Total Cash flow hedges Net investment hedges Cross-currency swap ) Interest expense, net 
 (1) Net income of million is expected to be reclassified out of AOCI into earnings during the next 12 months. 
 (2) For additional details about the effect of the amounts reclassified from AOCI refer to Note 14 . 
 
 23 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 11 

) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings ) Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized using a systematic and rational amortization approach ) ) ) Interest rate swap agreements Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of fair value or cash flow hedges are recorded ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings ) Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized using a systematic and rational amortization approach ) ) Interest rate swap agreements Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of fair value or cash flow hedges are recorded 
 ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings ) Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized using a systematic and rational amortization approach Interest rate swap agreements Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of fair value or cash flow hedges are recorded ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Foreign currency forward contracts Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized using a systematic and rational amortization approach ) Interest rate swap agreements Amount of gain or (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings 
 24 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 12 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 Term B Loans due April 20, 2029 (1) 
 Total term loans Notes and Bonds Coupon Due December 15, 2024 March 15, 2026 (2) 
 June 15, 2030 (3) 
 
 September 30, 2032 (4) 
 September 30, 2032 (4) 
 November 15, 2043 December 15, 2044 Total notes and bonds Other financing Unamortized premium (discount), net ) ) Deferred financing fees ) ) Total borrowings outstanding Current indebtedness ) ) Total long-term debt less current portion 
 (1) Discussed below collectively as the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities". 
 (2) The Notes due 2026 were redeemed in full on October 2, 2024. 
 (3) The coupon rate noted above is as of September 28, 2024. This increased from to on payments starting after June 15, 2024, following a credit rating downgrade by S P Global in the first quarter of 2024. Future interest rate adjustments are subject to a total cap above the original interest rate which would result in an interest rate not to exceed based on certain rating events as specified in the Note s Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of June 19, 2020, among Perrigo Finance Unlimited Company, Perrigo Company plc, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 (4) Discussed below collectively as the "2032 Notes". 

25 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 12 

million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 (the "USD Notes due 2032") and million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 (the "Euro Notes due 2032" and together with the USD Notes due 2032, the "2032 Notes"). The 2032 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Perrigo and its subsidiaries that provide guarantees under Perrigo's Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined below). Net proceeds from the 2032 Notes were used to prepay a portion of the Term Loan B Facility (as defined below) on September 19, 2024 and the remaining proceeds were used to fund the redemption of million of the Notes due 2026 on October 2, 2024. As a result of the redemption, we recognized an extinguishment loss of million during the third quarter of 2024 and we anticipate an additional loss of million in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 Credit Agreements 
 
 On April 20, 2022, we and our indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Perrigo Investments, LLC, (the "Borrower") entered into the senior secured credit facilities, which consisted of (i) a billion revolving credit facility (the Revolver ), (ii) a million Term Loan A facility (the Term Loan A Facility and the Term A Loans thereunder, the "Term A Loans"), and (iii) a billion Term Loan B facility (the Term Loan B Facility and the Term B Loans thereunder borrowed on April 20, 2022, the "2022 Term B Loans and, together with the Revolver and Term Loan A Facility, the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities"), pursuant to a Term Loan and Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement"). 
 
 On December 15, 2023, we and the Borrower, entered into Amendment No. 1, an Incremental Assumption Agreement (the "Amendment") to the Credit Agreement. The Amendment provides for a fungible add on to the 2022 Term B Loans in an aggregate principal amount of million (the "Incremental Term B Loans" and together with the 2022 Term B Loans, the Term B Loans ). The terms of the Incremental Term B Loans, including pricing and maturity, are identical to the 2022 Term B Loans. The Term B Loans will mature on April 20, 2029. The net proceeds from the Incremental Term B Loans were used to settle the cash tender offer by Perrigo Finance for million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2024 ("2024 Notes"). The tender offer was settled on December 15, 2023, and Perrigo Finance accepted for purchase million of the 2024 Notes and paid approximately million in aggregate cash consideration (excluding accrued interest). 
 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed, along with any hedging or cash management obligations entered into with a lender, by us, and certain of our direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries organized in the United States, Ireland, Belgium and England and Wales (subject to certain exceptions) (the Guarantor Subsidiaries ). Additionally, the Borrower and the Guarantor Subsidiaries provide full and unconditional guarantees, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, of the Notes due 2043 issued by the Company, and the Guarantor Subsidiaries, the Company and the Borrower provide full and unconditional guarantees, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, of the Notes due 2024, the Notes due 2026, the Notes due 2030 and the Notes due 2044 issued by Perrigo Finance Unlimited Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 
 We are subject to financial covenants in the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The agreements contain financial covenants that require the Borrower and its restricted subsidiaries to (a) not exceed a maximum first lien secured net leverage ratio of to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter and (b) not fall below a minimum interest coverage ratio of to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter, provided that such covenants apply only to the Revolver and the Term Loan A Facility. If we consummate certain qualifying acquisitions during the term of the loan, the maximum first lien secured net leverage ratio covenant would increase to to 1.00 for such quarter and the three following fiscal quarters thereafter. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, principal repayments of million and million, respectively, were made on the Term Loan A Facility and Term Loan B Facility. 
 
 26 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 12 

borrowings outstanding under the Revolver as of September 28, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 We are in compliance with all the covenants under our debt agreements as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 Other Financing 
 
 We have overdraft facilities available that we use to support our cash management operations. We report any balances outstanding in the above table under "Other financing". Th ere were material borrowings o utstanding under the overdraft facilities as of September 28, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 We have financing leases that are reported in the above table under "Other financing" (refer to Note 8 ). 

NOTE 13 - ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding for basic EPS Dilutive effect of share-based awards Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted EPS (1) 
 
 (1) In the period of a net loss from continuing operations, diluted shares equal basic shares. 

Shareholders' Equity 
 
 billion of share repurchases with no expiration date, subject to the Board of Directors approval of the pricing parameters and amount that may be repurchased under each specific share repurchase program (the "2018 Authorization"). We did t repurchase any shares during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) 
 For additional details about the effect of the amounts reclassified from AOCI refer to Note 11 . 
 
 27 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 15 

NOTE 15 - 

Additional charges Payments ) ) ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments Ending balance 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Supply Chain Reinvention HRA Pharma Integration Project Energize Other Initiatives Total Beginning balance Additional charges Payments ) ) ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Supply Chain Reinvention HRA Pharma Integration Other 
 Initiatives 
 Total Beginning balance Additional charges Payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Supply Chain Reinvention HRA Pharma Integration Other Initiatives Total Beginning balance Additional charges Payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The charges incurred during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily associated with actions taken on Project Energize activities associated with employee separation, consulting fees and lease exit costs. The charges incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily associated with actions taken on our multi-year supply chain restructuring program initiative started in 2022, and HRA Pharma integration activities associated with employee separation, continuity and other benefit-related costs. 
 
 28 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 15 

million and million was related to our CSCI segment and million and million related to our CSCA segment, and million and million was related to our Unallocated segment. For all segments, amounts were due primarily to Project Energize. Of the amount recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million was related to our CSCI segment, due primarily to supply chain restructuring (including the million asset impairment) and HRA Pharma integration initiatives, and million and million was related to our CSCA segment, also due primarily to supply chain restructuring initiatives. 
 
 There were no other material restructuring programs for the periods presented. All charges are recorded in Restructuring expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining million liability for employee severance benefits and consulting fees is expected to be mostly paid within the next year. 

NOTE 16 - 

The effective tax rate on the pre-tax income for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and on the pre-tax loss for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was largely impacted by losses recognized in various tax jurisdictions, in both periods, as well as the impacts of accounting for income taxes in interim reporting periods. As a result, a significant variation in the customary relationship between income tax expense and pre-tax book income may occur. Due to the net impact of an inter-company intellectual property sale, estimated worldwide non-deductible expenses, as well as establishing a partial valuation allowance in the United States, we are projecting an income tax expense for the full year ended December 31, 2024, which results in an unusually high annual effective tax rate when applied to the forecasted pre-tax income for the year. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), which represents a coalition of member countries, has recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. In particular, the OECD s Pillar Two initiative introduces a global per-country minimum tax of 15 . Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate. The legislation is effective for our financial year beginning January 1, 2024. We are in scope of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation and have performed an assessment of our potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. 
 
 The assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country reporting and financial statements for our constituent entities. Based on the assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax rates in most of the jurisdictions in which we operate are above 15 . However, there are a limited number of jurisdictions where the transitional safe harbor reliefs do not apply, and the Pillar Two effective tax rate is below 15 . We do not expect a material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions. 
 
 Internal Revenue Service Audits of Perrigo Company, a U.S. Subsidiary 
 
 Perrigo Company, our U.S. subsidiary ("Perrigo U.S."), is engaged in a series of tax disputes in the U.S. relating primarily to transfer pricing adjustments including income in connection with the purchase, distribution, and sale of store-brand OTC pharmaceutical products in the United States, including the heartburn medication omeprazole. On August 27, 2014, we received a statutory notice of deficiency from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") relating to our fiscal tax years ended June 27, 2009, and June 26, 2010 (the 2009 tax year and 2010 tax year , respectively). On April 20, 2017, we received a statutory notice of deficiency from the IRS for the years ended June 25, 2011 and June 30, 2012 (the 2011 tax year and 2012 tax year , respectively). Specifically, both statutory notices proposed adjustments related to the offshore reporting of profits on sales of omeprazole in the United States resulting from the assignment of an omeprazole distribution contract to an Israeli affiliate. In addition to the transfer pricing adjustments, which applied to all tax years, the statutory notice of deficiency for the 2011 and 2012 tax years included adjustments requiring the capitalization and amortization of certain legal expenses that were deducted when paid or incurred in defending against certain patent infringement lawsuits related to Abbreviated New Drug Applications ("ANDAs") filed with a Paragraph IV Certification. 
 29 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 16 

million for the 2009 tax year, million for the 2010 tax year, million for the 2011 tax year, and million for the 2012 tax year, for a total of million, plus statutory overpayment interest thereon from the dates of payment. The amounts sought in the complaint for the 2009 and 2010 tax years were recorded as deferred charges in Other non-current assets on our balance sheet during the three months ended March 28, 2015, and the amounts sought in the complaint for the 2011 and 2012 tax years were recorded as deferred charges in Other non-current assets on our balance sheet during the three months ended July 1, 2017. 
 
 A bench trial was held during the period May 25, 2021 to June 7, 2021 for the refund case in the United States District Court for the Western District of Michigan. The total amount of cumulative deferred charge that we are seeking to receive in this litigation is approximately million, which reflects the impact of conceding that Perrigo U.S. should have received a royalty on all omeprazole sales. That concession was previously paid and is the subject of the above refund claims. The issues outlined in the statutory notices of deficiency described above are continuing in nature, and the IRS will likely carry forward the adjustments set forth therein as long as the OTC medication is sold, in the case of the omeprazole issue, and for all post-2012 Paragraph IV filings that trigger patent infringement suits, in the case of the ANDA issue. Post-trial briefings were completed on September 24, 2021 and the case is now fully submitted for the court s decision. On April 30, 2021, we filed a Notice of New Authority in our refund case in the Western District of Michigan alerting the court to a United States Tax Court decision in Mylan v. Comm'r that ruled in favor of the taxpayer on nearly identical ANDA issues as we have before the court. On August 1, 2023, we filed a Notice of New Authority in our refund case in the Western District of Michigan alerting the court to the Third Circuit Court decision in Mylan v. Comm r that ruled in favor of the taxpayer on nearly identical ANDA issues that we have before the court. On August 22, 2022, the parties filed a Notice of New Authority in the refund case alerting the court to a United States Court of Federal Claims decision in Actavis Laboratories v. United States that also ruled in favor of the taxpayer on the ANDA issues. The government appealed the Actavis Laboratories decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in December of 2022; oral argument was held on June 7, 2024, and the case is now awaiting decision. 
 
 On January 13, 2021, the IRS issued a 30-day letter and Revenue Agent's Report ("RAR") with respect to its audit of our fiscal tax years ended June 29, 2013, June 28, 2014, and June 27, 2015. The 30-day letter proposed, among other modifications, transfer pricing adjustments in connection with the distribution of omeprazole consistent with the IRS position in the prior years in the aggregate amount of million and ANDA-related adjustments in the aggregate amount of million. We timely filed a protest to the 30-day letter for those additional adjustments but noted that, due to the pending refund litigation described above, IRS Appeals would not consider the merits of the omeprazole or ANDA matters. We believe that we should prevail on the merits on both carryforward issues and have reserved for taxes and interest payable on the deemed royalty on omeprazole through the tax year ended December 31, 2018. Beginning with the tax year ended December 31, 2019, we began reporting income commensurate with the deemed royalty. We have not reserved for the ANDA-related issue described above. While we believe we should prevail on the merits of this case, the outcome remains uncertain. If our litigation position on the omeprazole issue is not sustained, the outcome for the 2009 2012 tax years could range from a reduction in the refund amount to denial of any refund. In addition, we expect that the outcome of the refund litigation could effectively bind future tax years. In that event, an adverse ruling on the omeprazole issue could have a material impact on subsequent periods, with additional tax liability in the range of million to million, not including interest and any applicable penalties. 
 
 The 30-day letter for the 2013-2015 tax years also proposed to reduce Perrigo U.S.'s deductible interest expense for the 2014 tax year and the 2015 tax year on billion in certain intercompany debts owed by it to Perrigo Company plc. The debts were incurred in connection with the Elan merger transaction in 2013. On May 7, 2020, the IRS issued a Notice of Proposed Adjustment ("NOPA") capping the interest rate on the debts for U.S. federal tax purposes. On May 5, 2023, we finalized an agreement resulting in settlement of the May 7, 2020 NOPA. In fiscal year 2023 we adjusted our previously established reserves related to this matter. On March 28, 2024, we received a Notice of Assessment and on April 10, 2024 we made the settlement payment. 
 
 30 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 16 

NOTE 17 - 
 
 31 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

other states and territories against Perrigo, generic pharmaceutical manufacturers, and certain individuals (including former Perrigo employees), alleging an overarching conspiracy to allocate customers and/or fix, raise, or stabilize prices of products. This case is included among the bellwether cases designated to follow the expedited schedule described above. On April 19, 2024, this case was remanded from the MDL and transferred to the District of Connecticut. No trial date has been set for this case. 
 
 Canadian Class Action Complaint 
 
 In June 2020, an end payor filed a class action in Federal Court in Canada against Perrigo and manufacturers alleging an overarching conspiracy to allocate customers and/or fix, raise or stabilize prices of dozens of products, most of which were neither made nor sold by Perrigo's former Rx business. The product conspiracies allegedly involving Perrigo focus on the same products as those involved in other MDL complaints naming Perrigo. The Statement of Claim has been amended three times since it was issued. The next step in the action is currently expected to be the motion to certify the action as a class proceeding, which is scheduled to be heard in June 2025. 
 
 Hospitals Complaint 
 
 On June 30, 2023, a group of hospitals filed a complaint against Perrigo and other generic drug manufacturers alleging a conspiracy to fix, raise, or stabilize prices of products. Perrigo's former Rx business made and sold of these products. Most of the product conspiracies allegedly involving Perrigo focus on products that are the same as the products involved in other MDL complaints naming Perrigo. This case was transferred to the MDL on September 15, 2023 for all pre-trial proceedings. 
 
 Self-Insured Employer Complaint 
 
 On April 4, 2024, corporate employers with self-insured health and benefit plans filed a complaint against Perrigo and other generic drug manufacturers alleging a conspiracy to fix, raise, or stabilize prices of scores of generic drug products, most of which were neither made nor sold by Perrigo. The allegations in this complaint, and the products at issue, parallel the allegations in other complaints in the MDL. This case has been transferred into the MDL for pretrial proceedings. 
 
 At this stage, we cannot reasonably estimate the outcome of the liability if any, associated with the claims listed in the " Price-Fixing Lawsuits Related to the Company's Former Rx Business", section above. We intend to defend each of these lawsuits vigorously. 
 
 Securities Litigation 
 
 In the United States (cases related to events in 2015-2017) 
 
 Beginning in May 2016, purported class action complaints were filed against the Company and our former CEO, Joseph Papa, in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey Roofers Pension Fund v. Papa, et al. purporting to represent a class of shareholders for the period from April 21, 2015 through May 11, 2016, 
 32 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

current or former directors and officers of Perrigo (Mses. Judy Brown, Laurie Brlas, Jacqualyn Fouse, Ellen Hoffing, and Messrs. Joe Papa, Marc Coucke, Gary Cohen, Michael Jandernoa, Gerald Kunkle, Herman Morris, and Donal O Connor). The amended complaint alleges violations of federal securities laws arising out of the actions taken by us and the former directors and executives to defend against the unsolicited takeover bid by Mylan in the period from April 21, 2015 through November 13, 2015 and the allegedly inadequate disclosure throughout the entire class period related to the business developments during that longer period (April 2015 to May 2017) including purported integration problems related to the Omega acquisition, alleges incorrect reporting of organic growth at the Company and at Omega, alleges price fixing activities with respect to generic prescription pharmaceuticals, and alleges improper accounting for the Tysabri royalty stream. During 2017, the defendants filed motions to dismiss, which the plaintiffs opposed. On July 27, 2018, the court issued an opinion and order granting the defendants motions to dismiss in part and denying the motions to dismiss in part. The court dismissed without prejudice defendants Laurie Brlas, Jacqualyn Fouse, Ellen Hoffing, Gary Cohen, Michael Jandernoa, Gerald Kunkle, Herman Morris, Donal O Connor, and Marc Coucke. The court also dismissed without prejudice claims arising from the Tysabri accounting issue described above and claims alleging incorrect disclosure of organic growth described above. The defendants who were not dismissed are the Company, Joe Papa, and Judy Brown. The claims (described above) that were not dismissed relate to the integration issue regarding the Omega acquisition, the defense against the Mylan tender offer, and the alleged price fixing activities with respect to generic prescription pharmaceuticals. The defendants who remain in the case (us, Mr. Papa, and Ms. Brown) have filed answers denying liability. 
 
 On November 14, 2019, the court granted the lead plaintiffs motion and certified classes for the case: (i) all those who purchased shares between April 21, 2015 through May 2, 2017 inclusive on a U.S. exchange and were damaged thereby; (ii) all those who purchased shares between April 21, 2015 through May 2, 2017 inclusive on the Tel Aviv exchange and were damaged thereby; and (iii) all those who owned shares as of November 12, 2015 and held such stock through at least 8:00 a.m. on November 13, 2015 (whether or not a person tendered shares in response to the Mylan tender offer) (the "tender offer class"). Plaintiffs' counsels sent notices during 2020 to the alleged classes. 
 
 The parties took discovery from 2018 through 2020. After discovery ended, defendants filed motions for summary judgement and to exclude plaintiffs' experts, which were fully briefed. On August 17, 2023, the court granted summary judgment to Ms. Brown on all claims and dismissed her from the case; the court granted summary judgment in part to Mr. Papa terminating the claim against him that he made false statements with respect to alleged collusive pricing at the Generic Rx business. The court did not grant summary judgment on statements made about the integration of Omega during 2015. Thereafter, parties engaged in court-ordered settlement conferences. 
 
 On April 5, 2024, the class plaintiffs filed papers seeking Court approval of a settlement between the alleged classes and the defendants for million. Perrigo and the remaining individual defendant agreed to the proposed settlement without any concession of liability or wrongdoing. We recorded an additional loss provision of million during the first quarter as a result of the pending settlement. The Company funded the million to an escrow account controlled by class counsel under the Court supervision until final approval and relieved the corresponding liability from Other accrued liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 29, 2024. On September 5, 2024, the Court granted final approval of the class action settlement and terminated the case with respect to Perrigo, its co-defendant, and other individuals who previously had been named as defendants. The expense is presented within Other operating (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 In addition to the class action, the following opt-out cases have been filed against us, and in some cases, Mr. Papa and Ms. Brown. Mediation efforts and settlement discussions occur from time to time; to the extent settlements cannot be achieved, we intend to defend these lawsuits vigorously. These cases in the New Jersey federal court currently are stayed pending further developments following the settlement of the Roofers' case (discussed above). 
 33 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

of the cases listed above were dismissed following settlements reached in the prior quarter (cases brought by the following plaintiffs in the order listed above): Mason Capital; Pentwater; WCM Alternatives; Hudson Bay; Discovery Global; York Capital; Burlington; and Universities Superannuation. Also, during the three months ended September 28, 2024, the New Jersey federal court held that the plaintiffs in an additional purported opt out case (Sculptor Master Fund et al. v. Perrigo Company plc, et at. filed 2/16/2019) failed to opt out and therefore can only recover through the class action. In October 2024, the Sculptor Fund plaintiffs filed an appeal of that ruling. During the quarter, the Company engaged in mediation and settlement discussions in certain of the other opt-out cases described above, and we recorded a total loss provision of approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, as a result of reasonable estimates of probable loss regarding the remaining opt-out cases listed above, which is included in the Other (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The remaining aggregate loss accrual for litigation contingencies is described below under " Contingencies Accruals ." 
 
 In June 2020, Highfields Capital Fund entities filed a lawsuit in Massachusetts State Court with factual allegations that generally were similar to the factual allegations in the Amended Complaint in the Roofers' Pension Fund case described above, except that the Highfields plaintiffs did not include allegations about alleged collusive pricing of generic prescription drugs, and added alleged Massachusetts state law claims under the Massachusetts Unfair Business Methods Law (chapter 93A) and Massachusetts common law claims of tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and unjust enrichment. In December 2021, the Massachusetts State Court granted Defendants motion to dismiss in part and denied it in part. Defendants filed their answers in January 2022 denying liability. This was the only opt out case that has not been stayed during the summary judgment proceedings in the New Jersey federal court. The fact discovery phase in this case ended in March 2024 and expert discovery largely concluded in August 2024. Summary judgment briefing occurred during September and October 2024, and oral argument on the summary judgment motions is anticipated 
 34 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

current or former directors and officers of Perrigo (Judy Brown, Laurie Brlas, Jacqualyn Fouse, Ellen Hoffing, Joe Papa, Marc Coucke, Gary Cohen, Michael Jandernoa, Gerald Kunkle, Herman Morris, and Donal O Connor). The complaint alleges violations under Israeli securities laws that are similar to U.S. Securities Exchange Act sections 10(b) (and Rule 10b 5) and 14(e) against all defendants and 20(a) control person liability against the individuals or, in the alternative, under other Israeli securities laws. In general, the allegations in Israel are similar to the factual allegations in the Roofers' Pension Fund case in the U.S. as described above. The plaintiff indicates an initial, preliminary class damages estimate of billion NIS (approximately million at 1 NIS = cents). After the other cases filed in Israel were voluntarily dismissed, the plaintiff in this case agreed to stay this case pending the outcome of the Roofers Pension Fund case in the U.S. (described above). The Israeli court approved the stay, and this case is now stayed. We intend to defend the lawsuit vigorously. 
 
 In Israel (case related to Irish Tax events) 
 
 On December 31, 2018, a shareholder filed an action against the Company, our former CEO Murray Kessler, and our former CFO Ronald Winowiecki in Tel Aviv District Court Baton v. Perrigo Company plc, et. al. ). The case is a securities class action brought in Israel making similar factual allegations for the same period as those asserted in a securities class action case (for those who purchased on a U.S. exchange) in New York federal court in which the settlement received final approval in February 2022. The Baton case alleges that persons who purchased securities through the Tel Aviv stock exchange and suffered damages can assert claims under Israeli securities law that will follow the liability principles of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act. The plaintiff does not provide an estimate of class damages. Since 2019, the court granted several requests by Perrigo to stay the proceedings pending the resolution of proceedings in the New York federal court. During 2022, the case was reassigned to a newly-appointed judge. After the settlement of the U.S. case in New York federal court, Perrigo's counsel informed the Israeli Court of the final approval of the settlement of the U.S. case. The parties then sought further stays of the case while they attempted mediation, which the Court granted. In April 2023, the parties reported to the Court that the mediation had led to a preliminary agreement on settlement. The parties submitted settlement papers to the Court on November 17, 2023. On June 5, 2024, the Court approved the settlement, which was funded by insurance during the quarter ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Talcum Powder 
 
 The Company has been named, together with other manufacturers, in product liability lawsuits in a variety of state courts alleging that the use of body powder products containing talcum powder causes mesothelioma and lung cancer due to the presence of asbestos. All but one of these cases involve legacy talcum powder products that have not been manufactured by the Company since 1999. One of the pending actions involves a current prescription product that contains talc as an excipient. As of September 28, 2024, the Company has been named in approximately individual lawsuits seeking compensatory and punitive damages. The Company has several defenses and continues to vigorously defend these lawsuits as well as explore various means of expeditiously resolving these claims. Trials for these lawsuits are currently scheduled throughout 2024 and 2025. 
 
 Ranitidine 
 
 After regulatory bodies announced worldwide that ranitidine may potentially contain N-nitrosodimethylamine ("NDMA"), the Company promptly began testing its externally-sourced ranitidine API and ranitidine-based products. On October 8, 2019, the Company halted shipments of the product based upon preliminary results and on October 23, 2019, the Company made the decision to conduct a voluntary retail market withdrawal. 
 35 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

personal injury lawsuits in the state of California. The Company is named in these lawsuits alongside manufacturers of the national brand Zantac and other manufacturers of ranitidine products, as well as distributors, repackagers, and/or retailers. Following the end of the third quarter of 2024, the Company reached a settlement in principle in each of remaining Ranitidine California state court lawsuits. The pending settlement is for an immaterial amount and is expected to be fully funded by insurance. 
 
 Once the pending California settlement is finalized and those cases are dismissed, the only remaining active ranitidine lawsuit against the Company that is not currently on appeal is in a matter brought by the New Mexico Attorney General based on nuisance and negligence theories. The Company's motions to dismiss the action were denied. The Company will continue to vigorously defend this lawsuit. 
 
 Some of the Company s retailer customers are seeking indemnity from the Company for a portion of their defense costs and liability relating to these cases. 
 
 Acetaminophen 
 
 In October 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated a number of pending actions filed in various federal courts alleging that prenatal exposure to acetaminophen is purportedly associated with the development of autism spectrum disorder ASD and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder ADHD ). The acetaminophen MDL is styled In re: Acetaminophen ASD/ADHD Products Liability Litigation (MDL No. 3043) and is pending before the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Plaintiffs in the MDL have asserted claims against Johnson Johnson Consumer, Inc. JJCI and various retailer chains alleging that plaintiff-mothers took acetaminophen products while pregnant and that plaintiff-children developed ASD and/or ADHD as a result of prenatal exposure to these acetaminophen products. As of September 28, 2024, the Company has not been named as a defendant in any Complaints filed in the MDL. Certain of the Company s customers have made requests regarding indemnity from the Company for a portion of their defense costs and potential liability. On December 18, 2023, the Court granted in full defendants' motions to exclude testimony of Plaintiffs' general causation expert witnesses, finding Plaintiffs presented no credible evidence of scientific causation between prenatal ingestion of acetaminophen and ASD or ADHD in children. Final judgment has been entered as to the majority of pending cases with an appeal to proceed in the Second Circuit. A small minority of cases were exempted from the Court s dismissal to enable Plaintiffs to present an additional expert to be evaluated through a similar process as the larger majority to determine if they can withstand scientific causation through this new expert. However, on July 10, 2024, the Court granted in full defendants' motion to exclude testimony of Plaintiffs' new general causation expert witness in this subset of carve out cases for similar reasons as the Court's December 2023 Order. Final judgment was entered against the plaintiffs in those carve out cases, which have now been appealed to the Second Circuit. Currently, it is not possible to assess reliably the outcome of these cases or reasonably estimate any potential future financial impact on the Company. 
 
 36 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

million, inclusive of the remaining accrual for the securities litigation opt-out cases. The Company s management believes these accruals for contingencies are reasonable and sufficient based upon information currently available to management; however, there can be no assurance that final costs related to these contingencies will not exceed current estimates, nor any assurance as to the amount of such final costs that will be covered by insurance as described below. In addition, we have other litigation matters pending for which we have not recorded any accruals because our potential liability for those matters is not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. For those matters where we have not recorded an accrual but a loss is reasonably possible, we cannot determine a reasonable estimate of the maximum possible loss or range of loss for these matters given that they are at various stages of the litigation process and each case is subject to the inherent uncertainties of litigation. 
 
 Insurance Coverage Litigation 
 
 policy period. The insurers lawsuit also challenged aspects of coverage for Krueger derivatively on behalf of nominal defendant Perrigo Company plc v. Alford et al., a prior derivative action filed in the District of New Jersey that was dismissed in August 2020. Perrigo responded in the High Court proceedings on November 1, 2021; Perrigo s defense and counterclaim included its position that the 2015 Policy and 2016 Policy also provide coverage for the underlying securities litigation matters and sought a ruling to that effect. The discovery stage of the case occurred in 2022, and a bench trial was held in mid-November 2023. In January 2024, the High Court delivered its judgment rejecting the insurers' position that Perrigo's insurance coverage is limited to the 2014 Policy. The High Court held additional hearings in April and July 2024 to hear the parties' submissions concerning under which of the 2014, 2015, and 2016 Policies Perrigo is entitled to coverage. The High Court delivered written judgments in January, May and July 2024, finding that coverage is available to Perrigo under each of the 2014 Policy, 2015 Policy and 2016 Policy. On October 18, 2024 the Court issued its final order on its judgments, and the insurers have 28 days thereafter to seek an appeal of those judgments. In September 2024, the one tower providing coverage paid out the remaining policy limits to Perrigo. 
 37 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1 
 Note 17 

NOTE 18 - 
 CSCI Total 
 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Sales Operating Income (Loss) Intangible Asset Amortization Net Sales Operating Income (Loss) Intangible Asset Amortization CSCA CSCI Unallocated ) ) Continuing Operations Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net 
 Sales 
 Operating income (loss) Intangible Asset Amortization 
 Net 
 Sales 
 Operating income (loss) Intangible Asset Amortization 
 CSCA CSCI Unallocated ) ) Continuing Operations Total ) 
 
 38 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Executive Overview 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis ("MD A") is intended to provide readers with an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. This MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes found in Item 1 included in this Form 10-Q, and our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. This discussion contains a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks referred to under Risk Factors in Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K and Part II. Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Perrigo Company plc was incorporated under the laws of Ireland on June 28, 2013 and became the successor registrant of Perrigo Company, a Michigan corporation, on December 18, 2013 in connection with the acquisition of Elan Corporation, plc ("Elan"). Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "Perrigo," the "Company," "we," "our," "us," and similar pronouns used herein refer to Perrigo Company plc, its subsidiaries, and all predecessors of Perrigo Company plc and its subsidiaries. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Perrigo is a leading pure-play self-care company with more than a century of innovation and experience serving the health and wellness needs of consumers. As one of the originators of the over-the-counter ("OTC") self-care market, Perrigo has a powerful legacy and vast scale in producing high-quality self-care products through a proven ability to proactively shape its portfolio to meet the evolving needs of consumers and customers. 
 
 Perrigo provides access to trusted self-care products that can be procured without the need to visit a doctor for a prescription. Guided by our vision and purpose, our strategic goal is to create sustainable and value accretive growth by 1) delivering consumer preferred brands and innovation, 2) driving category growth with our customers, 3) powering our business with our world-class quality and supply chain, including a focus on sustainability with meaningful goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, water, and waste, in addition to improving the recyclability of our packaging, and 4) evolving our global organization to a single operating model. Our unique competency is to deliver a blended-branded business model of branded, value and store brand product offerings that provide consumers access to self-care products across the value spectrum. 
 
 Perrigo's broad offerings are well diversified across several major product categories as well as across geographies, primarily in North America and Europe with no one product representing more than 3 of total revenue. In North America, Perrigo is the leading store brand private label provider of self-care products in many categories, including upper respiratory, nutrition and women's health, along with brands including Opill and Mederma . In Europe, our portfolio consists primarily of brands, including Compeed , EllaOne , Solpadeine , and ACO . 
 
 Two key initiatives are fundamental to advancing our self-care strategy the implementation of our Supply Chain Reinvention Program and Project Energize, a global investment and efficiency program. In addition, we continue to invest in other initiatives, including innovation, information systems and tools, and our people to drive consistent and sustainable results. 
 
 Our fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. We end our quarterly accounting periods on the Saturday closest to the end of the calendar quarter, with the fourth quarter ending on December 31 of each year. 
 
 Our Segments 
 
 Our reporting and operating segments reflect the way our chief operating decision maker, who is our CEO, makes operating decisions, allocates resources and manages the growth and profitability of the Company. Our reporting and operating segments are: 
 
 Consumer Self-Care Americas ("CSCA") comprises our consumer self-care business in the U.S. and Canada. 
 Consumer Self-Care International ("CSCI") comprises our consumer self-care business outside of the U.S. and Canada, primarily in Europe and Australia. 
 39 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Executive Overview 

We previously had an Rx segment comprised of our generic prescription pharmaceuticals business in the U.S. and other pharmaceuticals and diagnostic businesses in Israel, which have been divested. The Rx segment was reported as Discontinued Operations in 2021, and is presented as such for all periods in this report. See Item 1. Note 5 for more information. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 The sale of the HRA Pharma Rare Diseases Business (the "Rare Diseases Business") to Esteve Healthcare, S.L. ("ESTEVE") was completed on July 10, 2024. See Item 1. Note 3 for more information. 
 Several leadership changes were announced during the three months ended September 28, 2024: 
 On August 19, 2024, Dr. David Ball was appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Brand and Digital officer. 
 On September 4, 2024, Charles Atkinson was appointed as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. 
 A definitive agreement to sell Orion Laboratories Hospital Specialty Business (the "Hospital Specialty Business") to General Pharma BidCo Pty Ltd, being an Australian incorporated entity which is ultimately owned by funds managed by Genesis Capital ("Genesis Capital") was signed on September 14, 2024. The sale of the Hospital Specialty Business was completed on November 1, 2024. See Item 1. Note 4 for more information. 
 On September 17, 2024, Perrigo Finance Unlimited Company ("Perrigo Finance"), a public unlimited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland and an indirect wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Perrigo whose primary purpose is to finance the business and operations of Perrigo and its affiliates, issued 715 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.125 Senior Notes due 2032 (the "USD Notes due 2032") and 350 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.375 Senior Notes due 2032 (the "Euro Notes due 2032" and together with the USD Notes due 2032, the "2032 Notes"). Net proceeds from the 2032 Notes were used to prepay a portion of the Term Loan B Facility (as defined below) on September 19, 2024 and the remaining proceeds were used to fund the redemption of 700.0 million of the 4.375 Notes due 2026 on October 2, 2024. 
 A brand partnership between Good Start and Dr. Browns infant formula solutions was announced September 26, 2024. The new Good Start and Dr. Brown's portfolio will offer the same trusted infant formula products as the existing Soothe Pro and Gentle Pro , now with refreshed packaging to celebrate the launch of the new partnership. Good Start and Dr. Brown's infant formulas offer complete nutrition specially formulated for tolerance concerns. 
 
 Supply Chain Reinvention Program 
 
 In 2022, we initiated our Supply Chain Reinvention Program to reduce structural costs, improve profitability and our service levels to our retail partners, and strengthen our resiliency by streamlining and simplifying our global supply chain. Through this initiative, we are reducing portfolio complexity, investing in advanced planning capabilities, diversifying sourcing, and optimizing our manufacturing assets and distribution models. From 2022 through 2025, we expect to achieve 100 million to 120 million in gross pre-tax annualized savings, not including any benefits or impacts from the acquired Perrigo Wisconsin (Gateway) facility. To achieve these run rate savings per year by 2025 (not taking into account depreciation expense on capital investments related to the program), we previously anticipated incurring an estimated 160 million in costs by the end of 2025, which included investments to adjust our global manufacturing footprint. As we continue to assess the best alignment of operations to our new ways of working, we have decided to not proceed with manufacturing footprint actions related to this Program at this time. Therefore, we expect to incur costs of 100 million, or 60 million lower than originally projected by the end of 2025, to achieve the same savings opportunity of 100 million to 120 million in gross pre-tax annualized savings by the end of 2025, not including any benefits or impacts from the acquired Perrigo Wisconsin (Gateway) facility. Refer to Item 1. Note 15 for further details on restructuring charges. 
 
 40 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Executive Overview 

Project Energize 
 
 Perrigo has successfully transformed into a pure-play consumer self-care company and is now embarking on the next stage of its self-care journey - evolving to One Perrigo. This evolution will create sustainable, value accretive growth through a blended-branded business model that better positions the Company to win in self-care. 
 
 As part of the Company's sustainable, value accretive growth strategy, the Company launched Project Energize - a global investment and efficiency program to drive the next evolution of capabilities and organizational agility. This three-year program is expected to produce significant benefits in the Company s long-term business performance by enabling our One Perrigo growth strategy, increasing organizational agility and mitigating impacts from stabilizing and strengthening the infant formula business. 
 
 Project Energize was initiated in the first quarter of 2024, subject to local law and consultation requirements, and is expected to deliver an annualized pre-tax savings in the range of 140 million to 170 million by 2026. The Company expects to reinvest approximately 40 million to 60 million of these savings to drive its blended-branded business model. Restructuring and related charges associated with these actions are estimated to be in the range of 140 million to 160 million, including 20 million to 40 million in investments to enhance capabilities, and are expected to be substantially incurred by the end of 2026. Restructuring activities as part of Project Energize are expected to result in the net reduction of approximately 6 of total Perrigo roles. Refer to Item 1. Note 15 for further details on restructuring charges. 
 
 U.S. Department of Justice Antitrust Division Investigation 
 
 On July 29, 2024, the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice advised us that it no longer considers Perrigo a subject or target of the division s grand jury investigation of antitrust violations in the generic drug industry. That investigation had stemmed from the Company s Rx Pharmaceuticals business, which was divested in 2021. 
 
 Market Factors and Trends 
 
 Economic Uncertainty 
 
 Current macroeconomic conditions remain very dynamic, including impacts from inflation and interest rates, volatile changes in foreign currency exchange rates, political unrest and uncertainty magnified by the 2024 U.S. presidential election and legislative and regulatory changes. Any causes of market size contraction could reduce our sales or erode our operating margin and consequently reduce our net earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Our interest expense is impacted by the overall global economic and interest rate environment. We manage interest rate risk through our capital structure and the use of interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate on greater than 90 of our outstanding debt. 
 
 Inflationary Costs and Supply Chain 
 
 As the war in Ukraine continues, supply chain disruptions in specific categories such as oil, agricultural and paper based commodities continue to lead to inflationary pressures in those areas. Additionally, we experienced employment vacancies and attrition as the labor market negatively impacted productivity and drove the need for wage rate increases and other retention benefits. We implemented a series of actions to substantially mitigate these and other inflationary cost pressures such as strategic pricing and our Supply Chain Reinvention Program. Benefits from our actions have begun to substantially offset the impacts of inflation, and the global freight constraints in availability of freight containers and truck drivers has normalized. However, future supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures from the continuation of the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and escalating conflicts in the Middle East and neighboring regions are uncertain. 
 
 Infant Formula 
 
 As part of its efforts to prevent supply interruptions and risk of Cronobacter spp. illnesses associated with powdered infant formula, in March 2023, the FDA released an Immediate National Strategy to Increase the Resiliency of the U.S. Infant Formula Market and issued a letter to the powdered infant formula industry to share information to assist the industry in improving the microbiologic safety of powdered infant formula. In response to those changes, 
 41 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Executive Overview 

we made considerable investments in all our infant formula manufacturing sites, including enhanced cleaning and sanitation protocols, enhancements to our environmental monitoring programs, enhanced quality oversight and increasing the number of quality and operations personnel. These changes resulted in higher costs and lower manufacturing output and production yields across our infant formula network. 
 
 As previously disclosed, the Company received a warning letter from the FDA on August 30, 2023 relating to the Perrigo Wisconsin infant formula facility, which was acquired from a third party in November 2022. While the Company worked to resolve the issues raised in the August 30 letter, on November 29, 2023, the Company received notice from the FDA of additional inspection observations relating to Perrigo Wisconsin. Consistent with the Company s commitment to quality, the Company temporarily paused all production at that facility and conducted an extended site-wide assessment and cleaning. 
 
 The Company also bolstered its internal resources and brought in additional outside expertise to help revise, enhance and strengthen comprehensive standards and processes across our infant formula network, including in some instances, pausing production for comprehensive cleaning and infrastructure improvements. All planned large-scale manufacturing plant resets have now been completed, and the Company is implementing the next phase of our quality enhancements, including further protocol, process and procedural improvements at the site level, and additional investments to upgrade infrastructure. We do not expect these continuing improvements to result in extended shutdowns beyond typical planned maintenance activities. 
 
 Currently, all sites are up and running and have returned to reliable, quality-assured production with recent output across the network near 2023 levels. Our focus now lies in rebuilding customer service levels and getting these critical products back on the shelves for consumers who need high-quality, affordable infant formula. 
 
 We have incurred and expect to incur certain extraordinary non-recurring costs associated with the remediation and enhancement actions described above and the evolving U.S. infant formula regulatory landscape, including consulting and legal fees relating to the Company s responses to the FDA and the development and institution of new protocols across our infant formula manufacturing sites, as well as other costs relating to the extended cleaning and sanitization and the pausing and restarting of production. Cash costs in 2024 to achieve this remediation plan are estimated at 15 to 20 million, of which approximately 17.9 million were incurred during the first three quarters. We also expect higher ongoing operating costs at our infant formula manufacturing sites moving forward as we continue to implement our enhanced program with additional internal capabilities. Due to these costs and the unabsorbed overhead and depressed sales volumes resulting from these actions, infant formula results in 2024 are expected to be below 2023 levels. 
 
 War in Ukraine 
 
 The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting economic and political sanctions imposed by the United States, United Kingdom, European Union, and other countries on Russia, Belarus, and occupied regions in Ukraine have negatively impacted our results from operations in the region. We currently have 64 employees working in our Ukraine subsidiary. We do not have a subsidiary or employees in Russia. We have no manufacturing facilities in either Russia or Ukraine and we previously sold products into Russia entirely through distributors. In March 2022, we halted all sales to distributors in Russia and sales in Ukraine were severely depressed. Future impacts are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty related to the war's duration, evolution and resolution. If the conflict spreads or materially escalates, or economic conditions deteriorate, the impact on our business and results of operations could be material. 
 
 Middle East Conflicts 
 
 We continue to closely monitor the ongoing Israel/Hamas conflict and the social, political and economic environment in Israel and in the surrounding region to evaluate the impacts on our operations and supply chain. Israel is a global technology research and development center that plays a critical role to the global API market, as a number of key suppliers are located within Israel. The Company sources some raw materials and finished goods from suppliers in Israel for certain self-care products, including Omeprazole. To date, Perrigo has confirmed that our suppliers in the region have active operations and continue to manufacture materials for us, and we have not received any reports of restrictions on imports or exports in Israel. However, there is potential for some disruption as it relates to in-country logistics, including freight. As a precaution, Perrigo has engaged alternate suppliers to help minimize a 
 42 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Executive Overview 

potential supply disruption. If the conflict spreads or materially escalates, or if the conflict leads to further volatility and uncertainty in financial markets or economic conditions, the impact on our business and results of operations could be material. This includes the related events developing in the Red Sea and their potential to disrupt supply chains and lead to further inflationary pressures which we are also continuing to monitor closely. 
 
 Foreign Exchange 
 
 We have both translation and transaction exposure to the fluctuation of exchange rates. Translation exposures relate to exchange rate impacts of measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries that do not use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency. Transaction exposures relate to 1) the impact from input costs that are denominated in a currency other than the local reporting currency and 2) the revaluation of transaction-related working capital balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Significant exchange rate fluctuations, especially in the Euro or the British Pound Sterling, have had, and could continue to have, a significant impact on our net sales, net earnings and cash flows. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Currency Translation 
 
 Any currency translation effects described below represent estimates of the net differences between translation of foreign currency transactions into U.S. dollars for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 at the average exchange rates for the reporting period and average exchange rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 
 Three Month Comparison 
 
 Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 1,087.5 1,123.8 Gross profit 404.4 411.2 Gross profit 37.2 36.6 Operating income 
 80.4 62.1 Operating income 
 7.4 5.5 
 
 Net sales decreased 36.3 million, or 3.2 , due primarily to: 
 26.8 million decrease, or 2.4 , due primarily to lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brands and lower net sales in Oral Care and Pain Sleep Aids categories. These factors were partially offset by strategic pricing actions, new products and growth in branded OTC product offerings; 
 14.9 million decrease from the divestiture of the Rare Diseases Business and the sale of branded products; and 
 1.4 million decrease from exited product lines; partially offset by 
 5.1 million increase from favorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 Operating income increased 18.3 million, or 29.5 , due primarily to: 
 
 6.8 million decrease in gross profit driven by the impact from lower global OTC net sales volumes of 61.5 million, including lost distribution in U.S. Store Brands, and the exited Rare Diseases Business. These factors were partially offset by savings achieved through Supply Chain Reinvention and Project Energize activities, higher gross profit flow-through of 20.6 million from strategic pricing actions, and net favorable productivity stemming from infant formula efficiencies. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 60 basis points compared to the prior year due to favorable mix within global store brand and across the portfolio in addition to the same factors that drove gross profit. 
 
 43 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Consolidated 

25.1 million decrease in operating expenses due primarily to decreased selling and administration expenses of 29.9 million. Additionally, savings from Project Energize and the sale of branded products further reduced operating expenses. These were partially offset by impairment charges of 16.2 million recognized as part of the assets held for sale of the Hospital Specialty Business, and an additional provision for litigation contingencies. 
 
 Nine Month Comparison 
 Nine Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 3,235.1 3,498.7 Gross profit 1,156.8 1,253.1 Gross profit 35.8 35.8 Operating income (loss) 
 (1.3) 167.5 Operating income (loss) 
 4.8 
 
 Net sales decreased 263.6 million, or 7.5 , due primarily to: 
 216.7 million decrease, or 6.3 , due primarily to lower net sales in U.S. Nutrition driven by actions to augment and strengthen the infant formula network, lower net sales in Upper Respiratory and Pain Sleep Aids categories and purposeful SKU prioritization actions to enhance margins as part of the Company's Supply Chain Reinvention Program across most product categories. These factors were partially offset by strategic pricing actions and new products; 
 36.5 million decrease from the divestiture of the Rare Diseases Business and the sale of branded products; 
 14.4 million decrease from exited product lines; and 
 8.9 million decrease from unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 Operating income decreased 168.8 million, or 100.8 , due primarily to: 
 
 96.3 million decrease in gross profit driven by the impact of lower global OTC net sales volumes of 150.9 million, including lost distribution in U.S. Store Brands, lower manufacturing productivity within U.S. Nutrition driven by actions to augment and strengthen the infant formula network, exited products and the exited Rare Diseases Business, partially offset by higher gross profit flow-through of 84.6 million from strategic pricing actions, savings achieved through Supply Chain Reinvention and Project Energize, and new products. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales remained flat compared to the prior year due to the same factors that impacted gross profit; and 
 72.5 million increase in operating expense due primarily to an additional provision for litigation contingencies, increased restructuring expenses associated with Supply Chain Reinvention and Project Energize of 72.4 million, and impairment charges recognized as part of the assets held for sale of the Hospital Specialty Business and the Rare Diseases Business. These increases were partially offset by gains recognized on the sale of branded products, decreased selling expenses of 59.4 million, and savings from Project Energize. 
 
 CONSUMER SELF-CARE AMERICAS FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 
 Three Month Comparison 
 
 Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 671.3 703.5 Gross profit 220.8 224.0 Gross profit 32.9 31.8 Operating income 103.6 91.1 Operating income 15.4 12.9 
 
 44 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCA 

Net sales decreased 32.2 million, or 4.6 , due primarily to: 
 
 30.7 million decrease, or 4.4 , due primarily to lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brands and lower net sales in the Oral Care and Upper Respiratory categories due to lower seasonal demand. These factors were partially offset by growth in the rest of the segment; and 
 1.4 million decrease from exited product lines. 
 
 CSCA net sales by product category were as follows: 
 
 Sales Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) (1) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Nutrition 127.1 129.7 (2.6) (2.0) Upper Respiratory 120.9 131.2 (10.3) (7.9) Digestive Health 113.5 118.1 (4.6) (3.9) Pain and Sleep-Aids 87.7 94.5 (6.8) (7.2) Healthy Lifestyle 80.9 79.4 1.5 1.9 Oral Care 66.9 76.7 (9.8) (12.8) Skin Care 51.9 58.2 (6.3) (10.8) Women's Health 18.0 10.5 7.5 71.4 Vitamins, Minerals, and Supplements ("VMS") 3.5 4.4 (0.9) (20.5) Other CSCA 0.9 0.8 0.1 12.5 Total CSCA 671.3 703.5 (32.2) (4.6) 
 
 (1) We updated our global reporting product categories as a result of legacy sales being moved out of Other CSCA and into respective categories. These product categories have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the changes and have no impact on historical financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Sales in each category were driven primarily by: 
 
 Nutrition: Net sales of 127.1 million decreased 2.0 due primarily to lower net sales of oral electrolyte solutions (OES), which were partially offset by a 3 increase in net sales of infant formula products as the Company continues to refill store brand and contract customer inventories and regain market share. 
 Upper Respiratory: Net sales of 120.9 million decreased 7.9 due primarily to previously disclosed lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brand and lower volume consumption in the cough cold category versus the prior year period. These impacts more than offset strong growth of Nasonex and Triamcinolone Acetonide in the allergy category . 
 Digestive Health: Net sales of 113.5 million decreased 3.9 due primarily to previously disclosed lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brand and lower net sales of products in the Omeprazole family. These impacts more than offset higher net sales of Polyethylene Glycol, products within the Esomeprazole family, and Prevacid , in addition to new business awards. 
 Pain and Sleep-aids: Net sales of 87.7 million decreased 7.2 due primarily to previously disclosed lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brand, partially offset by new business awards. 
 Healthy Lifestyle : Net sales of 80.9 million increased 1.9 due primarily to higher net sales of nicotine gums which benefited from new distribution at specific retail customers and market share gains . 
 Oral Care : Net sales of 66.9 million decreased 12.8 due to lower total category consumption versus the prior year period, lower distribution at specific retail customers, and lower net sales of Plackers dental flossers. 
 Skin Care : Net sales of 51.9 million decreased 10.8 due primarily to lower contract manufacturing sales from one customer that is insourcing production, as expected. This dynamic more than offset growth within the Minoxidil franchise. 
 Women's Health : Net sales of 18.0 million increased 71.4 due primarily to Opill and higher net sales of feminine hygiene products; and, 
 45 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCA 

VMS and Other : Net sales of 4.4 million decreased 15.4 due primarily to volume decline in the VMS category. 
 Operating income increased 12.5 million, or 13.7 , due primarily to: 
 
 3.2 million decrease in gross profit driven by the impact from lower OTC net sales volumes of 36.0 million, partially due to lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brands; partially offset by greater manufacturing efficiencies in infant formula of 17.0 million, benefits from the Company's Supply Chain Reinvention program, and higher profit new products. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 110 basis points compared to the prior year due to favorable mix within store brand and across the segment, in addition to the same factors that impacted gross profit. 
 
 15.7 million decrease in operating expenses due primarily to benefits from Project Energize, partially offset by higher brand advertising and promotional investments. 
 
 Nine Month Comparison 
 Nine Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 1,949.5 2,217.9 Gross profit 564.1 659.3 Gross profit 28.9 29.7 Operating income 
 188.6 272.0 Operating income 9.7 12.3 
 Net sales decreased 268.4 million, or 12.1 , due primarily to: 
 253.6 million decrease, or 11.5 , due primarily to lower net sales in U.S. Nutrition driven by actions to augment and strengthen the infant formula network, SKU prioritization actions to enhance margins and lower net sales in the Upper Respiratory and Pain Sleep Aids categories due to lower seasonal demand. These factors were partially offset by growth in the Women's Health and Healthy Lifestyle categories; and 
 14.4 million decrease from exited product lines. 
 
 CSCA net sales by product category were as follows: 
 Sales Nine Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) (1) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Upper Respiratory 370.0 422.2 (52.2) (12.4) Digestive Health 361.7 368.2 (6.5) (1.7) Nutrition 303.8 436.3 (132.5) (30.4) Pain and Sleep-Aids 251.9 294.6 (42.7) (14.5) Healthy Lifestyle 221.3 219.3 2.0 0.9 Oral Care 204.8 235.5 (30.7) (13.0) Skin Care 158.6 189.8 (31.2) (16.4) Women's Health 62.0 35.6 26.4 74.2 VMS 13.0 13.9 (0.9) (6.3) Other CSCA 2.4 2.5 (0.1) (2.3) Total CSCA 1,949.5 2,217.9 (268.4) (12.1) 
 (1) We updated our global reporting product categories as a result of legacy sales being moved out of Other CSCA and into respective categories. These product categories have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the changes and have no impact on historical financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Sales drivers in each category are provided below: 
 Upper Respiratory: Net sales of 370.0 million decreased 12.4 due primarily to lower consumer demand for cough cold and allergy products, in addition to net lost distribution of lower margin products. The 
 46 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCA 

category was also impacted by a 3.9 percentage points reduction from exited product lines and portfolio optimization actions. These impacts more than offset strong growth of Nasonex and Triamcinolone Acetonide in the allergy category ; 
 Digestive Health: Net sales of 361.7 million decreased 1.7 as higher volumes of antacid and laxative products, including Polyethylene Glycol , and products within the Esomeprazole family were more than offset by a 2.1 percentage points reduction from exited product lines and portfolio optimization actions, lost distribution of lower margin products in U.S. Store Brand and lower volume of Omeprazole ; 
 Nutrition: Net sales of 303.8 million decreased 30.4 as increases in net sales of infant formula products as the Company continues to refill store brand and contract customer inventories, and regain market share was more than offset by lower shipments to customers in the first half of the year as the company worked through its infant formula plant remediation plans in addition to a 0.8 percentage points decline from exited product lines in the category; 
 Pain and Sleep-aids: Net sales of 251.9 million decreased 14.5 due primarily to net lost distribution of lower margin products, purposeful SKU prioritization actions and exited product lines, which had an aggregate negative impact of 5.0 percentage points. In addition, inventory reductions by U.S. retail customers resulted in lower net sales of pain and sleep-aid products; 
 Healthy Lifestyle: Net sales of 221.3 million increased 0.9 due primarily to higher net sales of nicotine lozenges, including the new product launch of the Nicotine Ice Mint Lozenge , higher net sales of nicotine gums and market share gains partially offset by inventory de-stocking at U.S. retail customers and lower category consumption compared to the prior year period; 
 Oral Care: Net sales of 204.8 million decreased 13.0 due primarily to lower distribution at specific retail customers and the comparison to strong sales in the prior year as customers normalized inventories, partially offset by higher net sales of Reach toothbrushes; 
 Skin Care: Net sales of 158.6 million decreased 16.4 due primarily to portfolio optimization actions and exited product lines, which had an aggregate negative impact of 12.1 percentage points, and lower contract manufacturing sales from one customer that is insourcing production, as previously disclosed. These impacts more than offset strong, double digit, growth of Mederma and growth within the Minoxidil franchise; 
 Women's Health: Net sales of 62.0 million increased 74.2 due primarily to the new product launch of Opill and higher net sales of feminine hygiene products, partially offset by a 5.6 percentage point reduction from exited product lines; and 
 VMS and Other: Net sales of 15.4 million decreased 6.1 due primarily to volume decline in the VMS category. 
 Operating income decreased 83.4 million, or 30.7 , due primarily to: 
 
 95.2 million decrease in gross profit driven by the impact from lower net sales volumes throughout the segment of 64.7 million and cost of actions to augment and strengthen the infant formula network; partially offset by savings achieved through Supply Chain Reinvention and Project Energize activities, strategic pricing actions and new products. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased 80 basis points compared to the prior year due to the same factors that impacted gross profit, partially offset by favorable product mix, including higher margin new products, lost distribution of lower margin products, and SKU prioritization activities. 
 
 11.8 million decrease in operating expenses due primarily to savings from Project Energize, partially offset by higher restructuring costs, and brand advertising and promotional investments. 
 
 47 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCI 

CONSUMER SELF-CARE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 
 Three Month Comparison 
 
 Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 416.3 420.3 Gross profit 185.0 187.2 Gross profit 44.4 44.5 Operating (loss) income 
 48.9 13.6 Operating (loss) income 
 11.7 3.2 
 
 Net sales decreased 4.0 million, or 1.0 , due primarily to: 
 14.9 million decrease from the divestiture of the Rare Diseases Business and the sale of branded products; partially offset by 
 5.3 million increase from favorable foreign currency translation; and 
 3.9 million increase, or 1.0 , due primarily to growth in the Upper Respiratory, Skin Care and Women's Health categories stemming from market share gains in key brands, strategic pricing actions and new products, partially offset by lower net sales in the Pain Sleep Aids and VMS categories. 
 
 CSCI net sales by product category were as follows: 
 Sales Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Skin Care 91.0 86.7 4.3 5.0 Upper Respiratory 86.1 78.2 7.9 10.1 Pain and Sleep-Aids 56.9 61.1 (4.2) (6.9) Healthy Lifestyle 53.2 52.4 0.8 1.5 VMS 43.0 46.1 (3.1) (6.7) Women's Health 32.2 28.5 3.7 13.0 Oral Care 23.3 24.8 (1.5) (6.0) Digestive Health 9.0 10.8 (1.8) (16.7) Other CSCI 21.6 31.7 (10.1) (31.9) Total CSCI 416.3 420.3 (4.0) (1.0) 
 Sales in each category were driven primarily by: 
 
 Skin Care: Net sales of 91.0 million increased 5.0 , inclusive of a 0.4 favorable effect of currency translation, due to strong growth in Compeed , driven by market share gains, in addition to higher net sales within the ACO and Sebamed brand portfolios. The category also benefited from the absence of prior year distribution transitions. 
 Upper Respiratory: Net sales of 86.1 million increased 10.1 , inclusive of a 2.2 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily higher net sales of Bronchenolo , Bronchostop and Coldrex , which benefited from category growth and market share gains. 
 Pain Sleep-Aids: Net sales of 56.9 million decreased 6.9 , inclusive of a 2.6 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to lower net sales of Solpadeine , due primarily to supply constraints, and lower net sales of store brand products. 
 Healthy Lifestyle: Net sales of 53.2 million increased 1.5 , inclusive of a 1.5 favorable effect of currency translation, as higher consumption for anti-parasite products including Paranix , were more than offset by lower category consumption in weight loss, impacting XLS Medical . 
 48 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCI 

VMS: Net sales of 43.0 million decreased 6.7 , inclusive of a 1.1 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to promotional phasing of Davitamon and Abtei and overall lower category consumption. . 
 Women's Health: Net sales of 32.2 million increased 13.0 , inclusive of a 1.3 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to higher net sales of contraceptive products including EllaOne , driven by market share gains and the absence of prior year distribution transitions. 
 Oral Care : Net sales of 23.3 million decreased 6.0 , inclusive of a 1.8 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to lower net sales of store brand products and Plackers and, 
 Digestive Health and Other: Net sales of 30.6 million decreased 28.0 , inclusive of a 1.1 unfavorable effect of currency translation, primarily due to the divestiture of the HRA Pharma Rare Diseases Business, which was partially offset by higher net sales of store brand products. 
 Operating income increased 35.3 million, or 259.6 , due primarily to: 
 2.2 million decrease in gross profit due primarily to the impact of lower net sales volumes of 25.5 million and the exited Rare Diseases Business, partially offset by higher gross profit flow-through from strategic pricing actions of 24.0 million and new products. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased 10 basis points compared to the prior year due to the same factors impacting gross profit; more than offset by 
 
 37.6 million decrease in operating expenses due primarily to the sale of branded products of 26.0 million and savings from Project Energize; which were partially offset by impairment charges of 16.2 million recognized as part of the assets held for sale of the Hospital Specialty Business. 
 
 Nine Month Comparison 
 
 Nine Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 1,285.5 1,280.7 Gross profit 594.2 593.8 Gross profit 46.2 46.4 Operating income 65.1 43.6 Operating income 5.1 3.4 
 
 Net sales increased 4.8 million, or 0.4 , due primarily to: 
 37.2 million increase, or 3.0 , due primarily to growth in the Skin Care and Women's Health categories stemming from strategic pricing actions and new products, partially offset by lower net sales in the Upper Respiratory category due to lower seasonal demand and supply constraints; partially offset by 
 36.5 million decrease from the divestiture of the Rare Diseases Business and the sale of branded products; and 
 8.5 million decrease from unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 
 49 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCI 

CSCI net sales by product category were as follows: 
 Sales Nine Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Skin Care 333.5 293.1 40.4 13.8 Upper Respiratory 206.0 227.9 (21.9) (9.6) Healthy Lifestyle 175.2 179.4 (4.2) (2.3) Pain and Sleep-Aids 158.6 163.8 (5.2) (3.2) VMS 127.4 135.4 (8.0) (5.9) Women's Health 101.2 89.5 11.7 13.1 Oral Care 75.0 75.5 (0.5) (0.7) Digestive Health 27.0 30.0 (3.0) (10.0) Other CSCI 81.5 86.1 (4.6) (5.3) Total CSCI 1,285.5 1,280.7 4.7 0.4 
 Sales in each category were driven primarily by: 
 
 Skin Care: Net sales of 333.5 million increased 13.8 , inclusive of a 2.9 unfavorable effect of currency translation, due to strong growth in Compeed driven by the new product launch of Compeed Spots, and the absence of prior year distribution transitions. Category growth was also driven by improved performance within the ACO and Sebamed brand portfolios; 
 Upper Respiratory: Net sales of 206.0 million decreased 9.6 , inclusive of a 1.3 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to lower net sales of cough cold products stemming from lower incidence of cough cold throughout the E.U. compared to the prior year and supply constraints on several products in the category, partially offset by higher net sales of Bronchenolo , Bronchostop and Coldrex which benefited from category growth and market share gains; 
 Healthy Lifestyle: Net sales of 175.2 million decreased 2.3 , inclusive of a 4.0 unfavorable effect of currency translation, as higher consumption of anti-parasite products including, Jungle Formula, Paranix and Lyclear , were more than offset by lower category consumption in weight loss, impacting XLS Medical and timing of sales for smoking cessation brand NiQuitin 
 Pain Sleep-Aids: Net sales of 158.6 million decreased 3.2 , inclusive of a 2.1 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to lower net sales of Solpadeine, related to supply constraints, and lower net sales of store brand products, partially offset by higher net sales of Tiger Balm for muscle relief; 
 VMS: Net sales of 127.4 million decreased 5.9 , inclusive of a 0.4 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to lower net sales of Granufink and Arterin, stemming from lower consumption. These dynamics were partially offset by higher net sales of Abtei and promotional phasing of Davitamon; 
 Women's Health: Net sales of 101.2 million increased 13.1 , inclusive of a 0.0 effect of currency translation, due primarily to higher net sales of contraceptive products including EllaOne , driven by market share gains and the absence of prior year distribution transitions; 
 Oral Care : Net sales of 75.0 million decreased 0.7 , inclusive of a 1.3 favorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to lower net sales of store brand products and Plackers 
 Digestive Health and Other: Net sales of 108.5 million decreased 6.5 , inclusive of a 0.7 unfavorable effect of currency translation, due primarily to the divestiture of the Rare Diseases Business, partially offset by higher net sales of store brand digestive health products. 
 50 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 CSCI 

Operating income increased 21.5 million, or 49.3 , due primarily to: 
 0.4 million increase in gross profit due primarily to higher gross profit flow-through from strategic pricing actions, new products, and Supply Chain Reinvention savings, almost entirely offset by the impact of lower sales volumes, cost of goods sold inflation and the exited Rare Diseases Business. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased 20 basis points compared to the prior year due to the same factors impacting gross profit being more than offset by unfavorable product mix driven in part by supply constraints; and 
 21.1 million decrease in operating expenses due primarily to decreased selling expenses of 52.7 million, savings from Project Energize and the sale of branded products; which were partially offset by impairment charges of 50.3 million recognized as part of the assets held for sale of the Hospital Specialty Business and the Rare Diseases Business, and increased restructuring expenses associated with Project Energize and Supply Chain Reinvention activities. 

Unallocated Expenses 
 
 Unallocated expenses are comprised of certain corporate services not allocated to our reporting segments and are recorded in Operating income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unallocated expenses were as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 70.7 42.5 253.6 148.1 
 
 The increase of 28.2 million in unallocated expenses during the three months ended September 28, 2024, and the increase of 105.5 million in unallocated expenses during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the prior year periods was due primarily to an increase in expenses for litigation as well as restructuring associated primarily with Project Energize. 

Interest expense, net, Other (income) expense, net and Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest expense, net 57.6 43.5 144.7 131.1 Other (income) expense, net (4.1) (0.6) (0.5) (9.6) Loss on extinguishment of debt 5.1 5.2 
 
 The 14.1 million increase in Interest Expense, net during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period was due primarily to the de-designation of interest rate swap agreements (refer to Item 1. Note 12 ). 
 
 The 13.6 million increase during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period was due primarily to the same factors as noted above. 
 
 The 3.5 million increase in Other (income) expense, net for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period was due primarily to the gain recognized on the sale of the Rare Diseases Business. 
 
 The 9.1 million decrease in Other (income) expense, net for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period was due primarily to the absence of higher prior year milestone income related to legacy royalty rights, partially offset by the gain recognized on the sale of the Rare Diseases Business. 
 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 is related to the unamortized fees associated with the partial payment on the Term Loan B Facility (refer to Item 1. Note 12 ). 
 
 51 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Unallocated, Interest, Other, and Taxes 

Income Taxes (Consolidated) 
 
 The effective tax rates were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 180.9 19.7 20.9 49.5 
 
 The effective tax rate on the pre-tax income for the for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and on the pre-tax loss for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was largely impacted by losses recognized in various tax jurisdictions, in both periods, as well as the impacts of accounting for income taxes in interim reporting periods. As a result, a significant variation in the customary relationship between income tax expense and pre-tax book income may occur. Due to the net impact of an inter-company intellectual property sale, estimated worldwide non-deductible expenses, as well as establishing a partial valuation allowance in the United States, we are projecting an income tax expense for the full year ended December 31, 2024, which results in an unusually high annual effective tax rate when applied to the forecasted pre-tax income for the year. Although a significant tax benefit has been recorded on the losses for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, a tax expense has been recorded for the three months ended September 28, 2024, and as noted above, we are projecting an income tax expense for the full year ended December 31, 2024. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Overview 
 
 We finance our operations with internally generated funds, supplemented by credit arrangements with third parties and capital market financing. We routinely monitor current and expected operational requirements and financial market conditions to evaluate other available financing sources including term and revolving bank credit and securities offerings. In determining our future capital requirements, we regularly consider, among other factors, known trends and uncertainties, such as the war in Ukraine and conflict between Israel and Hamas and related developments in the Red Sea, inflation and interest rates, the status of material contingent liabilities, recent financial market volatility and other uncertainties. Subject to relevant restrictions under our debt agreements, our cash requirements for other purposes and other factors management deems relevant, we may from time to time use available funds to redeem, repurchase or refinance our debt in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise, in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, at prices and on terms we deem appropriate (which may be below par). 
 
 Based on the foregoing, management believes that our operations and borrowing resources are sufficient to provide for our short-term and long-term capital requirements, as described below. However, an adverse result with respect to our appeal of any material outstanding tax assessments or litigation, including securities or drug pricing matters and product liability cases, damages resulting from third-party claims, and related interest and/or penalties, could ultimately require the use of corporate assets to pay such assessments and any such use of corporate assets would limit the assets available for other corporate purposes. As such, we continue to evaluate the impact of the above factors on liquidity and may determine that modifications to our capital structure are appropriate if market conditions deteriorate, favorable capital market opportunities become available, or any change in conditions relating to the war in Ukraine and Israel, inflation and interest rates, the status of material contingent liabilities, financial market volatility or other uncertainties have a material impact on our capital requirements. 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 (in millions) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) 
 1,463.5 751.3 Working capital (2) 
 1,229.7 935.9 
 (1) We had 1.1 million and 7.0 million of restricted cash as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
 (2) Working capital represents current assets less current liabilities, excluding cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and excluding current indebtedness. 
 
 52 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, cash flows from operations, and borrowings available under our credit facilities are expected to be sufficient to finance our liquidity and capital expenditures in both the short and long term. Although our lenders have made commitments to make funds available to us in a timely fashion under our revolving credit agreements and overdraft facilities, if economic conditions worsen or new information becomes publicly available impacting the institutions credit rating or capital ratios, these lenders may be unable or unwilling to lend money pursuant to our existing credit facilities. Should our outlook on liquidity requirements change substantially from current projections, we may seek additional sources of liquidity in the future. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table includes summarized cash flow activities: 
 Nine Months Ended (in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Net cash from operating activities 50.3 196.8 (146.5) Net cash from (for) investing activities 115.9 (54.7) 170.6 Net cash from (for) financing activities 543.1 (142.6) 685.7 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 2.9 (1.9) 4.8 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 712.2 (2.4) 714.6 
 
 Net cash from Operating Activities 
 
 The 146.5 million decrease in operating cash flow was primarily driven by a decrease in cash flow from the change in net earnings after adjustments for items including deferred income taxes, gain on sale of branded products, impairment charges, settlement of interest rate derivatives, and restructuring, partially offset by significantly higher working capital during the period, primarily related to timing of sales and payments received and made. 

Net cash from (for) Investing Activities 
 
 The 170.6 million increase in investing cash flow was due primarily to the proceeds from the sale of the Rare Diseases Business and the sale of six branded products in the current year. 

Net cash from (for) Financing Activities 
 
 The 685.7 million increase in financing cash flow was due primarily to the issuance of the 2032 Notes during the period, partially offset by increased payments on our Senior Secured Credit Facilities compared to the prior year. 

Borrowings and Capital Resources 
 
 Note Issuances 
 
 On September 17, 2024, Perrigo Finance issued the 2032 Notes.The 2032 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Perrigo and its subsidiaries that provide guarantees under Perrigo's Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined below). Net proceeds from the 2032 Notes were used to prepay a portion of the Term Loan B Facility (as defined below) on September 19, 2024 and the remaining proceeds were used to fund the redemption of 700.0 million of the 4.375 Notes due 2026 on October 2, 2024. As a result of the redemption, we recognized an extinguishment loss of 5.1 million during the third quarter of 2024 and we anticipate an additional loss of 1.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 Credit Agreements 
 
 On April 20, 2022, we and our indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Perrigo Investments, LLC, (the "Borrower") entered into the senior secured credit facilities, which consisted of (i) a 1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the Revolver ), (ii) a 500.0 million five-year Term Loan A facility (the Term Loan A Facility and the Term A Loans thereunder, the "Term A Loans"), and (iii) a 1.1 billion seven-year Term Loan B facility (the Term Loan B Facility and the Term B Loans thereunder borrowed on April 20, 2022, the "2022 Term B Loans and, together with the 
 53 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Revolver and Term Loan A Facility, the "Senior Secured Credit Facilities"), pursuant to a Term Loan and Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement"). 
 
 On December 15, 2023, we and the Borrower, entered into Amendment No. 1, an Incremental Assumption Agreement (the "Amendment") to the Credit Agreement. The Amendment provides for a fungible add on to the 2022 Term B Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 300.0 million (the "Incremental Term B Loans" and together with the 2022 Term B Loans, the Term B Loans ). The terms of the Incremental Term B Loans, including pricing and maturity, are identical to the 2022 Term B Loans. The Term B Loans will mature on April 20, 2029. The net proceeds from the Incremental Term B Loans were used to settle the cash tender offer by Perrigo Finance for 300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.900 Senior Notes due 2024 ("2024 Notes"). The tender offer was settled on December 15, 2023, and Perrigo Finance accepted for purchase 300.0 million of the 2024 Notes and paid approximately 295.1 million in aggregate cash consideration (excluding accrued interest). 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we ha d 1,437.8 million and 1,858.1 million, respectively, outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility and Term Loan B Facility. Our short-term debt as of September 28, 2024 of 440.7 million is comprised of (i) the remaining portion of the 3.900 Senior Notes due 2024, (ii) amortization payments for the Term A Loans and the Term B Loans and (iii) lease payments. 
 
 The interest rate net of derivatives results in a fixed rate on a substantial portion of our long-term debt, the earliest of which matures in December 2024. 
 
 We are in compliance with all the covenants under our debt agreements as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 Other Financing 
 
 We have overdraft facilities available that we may use to support our cash management operations. Th ere were no material borrowings o utstanding under the overdraft facilities as of September 28, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Leases 
 
 We had 203.7 million and 202.2 million of lease liabilities and 194.4 million and 197.3 million of lease assets as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For information on our operating and finance lease obligations and the amount and timing of future payments refer to Item 1. Note 8 . 

Credit Ratings 
 
 Our credit ratings on September 28, 2024 were Ba2 (negative), BB- (stable), and BB (negative), by Moody's Investor Services, S P Global Ratings, and Fitch Ratings Inc., respectively. On March 25, 2024, S P downgraded our issuer credit rating to BB- from BB, senior secured notes ratings to BB from BB+ and senior unsecured notes ratings to B+ from BB- and the rating outlooks remained stable. On April 16, 2024, Fitch downgraded our issuer credit rating to BB from BB+ and the rating outlooks remained negative. 
 
 Due to the downgrade by S P Global Ratings, the interest of the 3.150 Senior Notes due 2030 stepped up from 4.650 to 4.900 on payments made after June 15, 2024. There was no impact to our interest rates as a result of the Fitch downgrade. Future interest rate adjustments of the 3.150 Senior Notes due 2030 are subject to a 2.0 total cap above the original 3.150 interest rate which would result in an interest rate not to exceed 5.150 based on certain rating events as specified in the Note s Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of June 19, 2020, among Perrigo Finance Unlimited Company, Perrigo Company plc and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 54 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 As detailed in Item 1. Note 12 , the Guarantor Subsidiaries and the Borrower provide full and unconditional guarantees, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, of the 5.300 Notes due 2043 issued by the Company, and the Loan Parties provide full and unconditional guarantees, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, of the 3.900 Notes due 2024, the 4.375 Notes due 2026 (subsequent to September 28, 2024, these Notes were redeemed in full), the 4.900 Notes due 2030, the 5.375 Euro Notes due 2032, the 6.125 USD Notes due 2032, and the 4.900 Notes due 2044 issued by Perrigo Finance. 
 
 The guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries, the Company and the Borrower are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. The guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries, the Company and the Borrower rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Company, equal in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future senior indebtedness and effectively subordinated to any of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The following tables include summarized financial information of the obligor groups of debt issued by Perrigo Finance and the Company. The summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. Investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 13-01. 
 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Perrigo Finance and the Company is presented in the table below: 
 September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current Assets 2,896.4 1,999.9 Non-current Assets 4,428.4 4,596.2 Current liabilities 1,079.7 1,888.8 Non-current liabilities 13,114.9 11,498.4 Due to non-guarantors 8,215.2 7,355.3 
 
 The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Perrigo Finance and the Company is presented in the table below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Total Revenues 2,256.9 Gross Profit 691.6 Operating (Loss) Income (95.3) Net (Loss) Income (208.7) Revenue from non-guarantors 233.8 Operating Expenses to non-guarantors (1.3) Other (income) expense to non-guarantors (25.2) 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current effect or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, net sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 
 
 55 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 2 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 There were no material changes in contractual obligations as of September 28, 2024 from those provided in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 There have been no material changes to the significant accounting policies as disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The determination of certain amounts in our financial statements requires the use of estimates. These estimates are based upon our historical experiences combined with management s understanding of current facts and circumstances. Although the estimates are considered reasonable based on the currently available information, actual results could differ from the estimates we have used. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting estimates as disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 There have been no material changes to our quantitative or qualitative disclosures found in Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 28, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that all material information relating to us and our consolidated subsidiaries required to be included in our periodic SEC filings would be made known to them by others within those entities in a timely manner and that no changes are required at this time. 
 
 Evaluation of the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024. The framework used in carrying out our evaluation was the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission. In evaluating our information technology controls, we also used components of the framework contained in the Control Objectives for Information and related Technology , which was developed by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association s IT Governance Institute, as a complement to the COSO internal control framework. Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 28, 2024. The results of management s assessment have been reviewed with our Audit Committee. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Refer to Item 1. Note 16 and Item 1. Note 17 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes a detailed discussion of our risk factors. At the time of this filing, there have been no material changes to the risk factors that were included in the Form 10-K. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 , , a , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Kindler's plan provides for the potential sale of up to shares of the Company's common stock and will expire on or on any earlier date on which all of the shares have been sold. 
 
 Except as disclosed above, during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, no other director or executive officer , modified or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement", as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 57 

Perrigo Company plc - Item 6 
 Exhibits 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 2.1 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2024, by and among Perrigo Company plc and Esteve Healthcare S.L. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 10, 2024). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Perrigo Company plc (formerly known as Perrigo Company Limited) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 19, 2013). 
 3.2 Memorandum and Articles of Association of Perrigo Company plc, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2017). 
 4.1 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2024, among the Issuer, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024). 
 4.2 Form of 6.125 Note due 2032 (included in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024). 
 4.3 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2024, among the Issuer, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024). 
 4.4 Form of 5.375 Note due 2032 (included in the Seventh Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3). (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024). 
 10.1 
 Letter Agreement dated June 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Kyle L. Hanson (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2024) . 
 10.2 
 E mployment Separat ion and Severance Letter Agreement fully executed on September 16, 2024 by and between the Company and Kyle L. Hanson (filed herewith). 
 10.3 
 Compromise Waiver Agreement dated April 5, 2024, by and between Perrigo Corporation DAC and Grainne Quinn (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2024). 
 10.4 
 R eaffirmation Letter dated August 2 , 2024, by and between Perrigo Corporation DAC and Grainne Quinn filed herewith ). 
 22 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries (filed herewith). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Patrick Lockwood-Taylor, Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by E duardo Bezerra , Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 32 Certification Pursuant to 18 United States Code 1350 and Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (furnished herewith). 
 101. INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Date File, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 58 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PERRIGO COMPANY PLC (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Patrick Lockwood-Taylor Patrick Lockwood-Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Eduardo Bezerra Eduardo Bezerra Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 
 59 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101-kylehansonwaiveran.htm
 EX-10.1

ex101-kylehansonwaiveran 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex102-kylehansonemployme.htm
 EX-10.2

ex102-kylehansonemployme 

1 ______ Initials June 11, 2024 PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL Ms. Kyle L. Hanson RE: Employment Separation and Severance Perrigo Company Confidential Supplemental Wavier and Release Agreement 2 Dear Kyle: This Supplemental Waiver and Release Agreement 2 Agreement 2 is entered into by and between Perrigo Company plc Perrigo or the Company ), and Kyle L. Hanson you or Employee or Executive on the date written above. It is made in connection with that certain Waiver and Release Agreement 1 Agreement 1 entered into by the parties as of June 11, 2024. Pursuant to Agreement 1, you agreed (among other things) to execute and deliver this Agreement 2 to the Company, and the Company agreed (among other things) to pay you the severance pay and benefits described in Agreement 1. Accordingly, you agree as follows: 1. General Release by Executive. Employee voluntarily and knowingly releases and discharges the Company, its parents, subsidiaries and Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, divisions, parent companies, employee benefit plans and fiduciaries, both past and present (the Released Parties ), from any and all claims, debts, suits or causes of action, known or unknown, based upon any fact, circumstance, or event occurring or existing at or prior to the Eligible Employee s execution of this Supplemental Waiver and Release Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claims or actions arising out of or during the Eligible Employee s employment with the Company and/or separation of employment, including any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., as amended Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq., as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 301 et seq., as amended, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., the Civil Rights Act and any and all other federal, state or local laws, and any contract, tort, or common law claims now or hereafter recognized, including, without limitation, any claim of breach of contract, promissory estoppel, detrimental reliance, wrongful discharge, false imprisonment, assault, battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, defamation, slander, libel, fraud, invasion of privacy, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, breach of fiduciary duty, conversion, and tortious interference with any type of third-party relationship, as well as any and all damages that may arise out of any such claims, including, without limitation, claims for economic loss, lost profits, loss of capital, lost wages, lost earning capacity, emotional distress, mental anguish, personal injuries, punitive damages, or any future damages, and claims of retaliation of any nature, including, but not limited to, the anti-retaliatory provisions of the statutes identified in this Section. Affiliate means any member of the group of corporations, trades or businesses or other organizations compromising the controlled group with the Company. 2. Exclusions from General Release. Excluded from the General Release above are any claims or rights which cannot be waived by law, including Employee s right, if any, to workers Docusign Envelope ID: 9508EFEC-9071-4B28-9534-ADEF514D8430 

Ms. Kyle L. Hanson June 11, 2024 2 _______ Initials compensation benefits (although Employee represents that Employee has reported all work-related injuries or illnesses, if any, that Employee suffered or sustained during employment with the Company), unemployment insurance benefits, or vested rights under any retirement plan. This Agreement also does not release Employee s right to execute and receive the benefits described in attached Agreement 1, executed on or about June _ 2024, as detailed herein; rather, the two are to be read together. Employee understands that also excluded from the General Release is the right to file an administrative charge of discrimination (or similar charge) or to participate in any other type of state or federal investigation. However, by signing this Agreement Employee agrees that Employee is waiving any right to monetary or injunctive relief, recovery or reinstatement in connection with any such charge or investigation. 3. General Release by the Company. In consideration of the agreements of Executive set forth in this Agreement, the Company, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, voluntarily and knowingly releases and discharges Executive, his heirs, executors and parties in interest with him, from any and all claims, debts, suits or causes of action, known or unknown, based upon any fact, circumstance, or event occurring or existing at or prior to the Company s execution of this Waiver and Release Agreement. 4. Acknowledgements. In signing this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that: (a) The Company has not provided Employee with any tax advice, and Employee is solely responsible for the tax consequences of compensation provided under this Agreement or under any Company benefit plan; (b) Employee has signed this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly in exchange for the consideration described in Agreement 1 and the Policy, which Employee acknowledges as adequate and satisfactory and beyond that to which Employee is otherwise entitled; (c) Employee is advised by the Company to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement; (d) Employee has been advised to consult an attorney before signing this Agreement and that she has at least forty-five (45) days in which to consider the Agreement and that Employee has signed on the date indicated below after concluding that this Agreement is satisfactory; (e) Employee is advised by the Company that this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until seven (7) days after Employee s execution of this Agreement, provided that the Agreement is not timely revoked in accordance with this paragraph. Employee also understands that Employee may revoke this Agreement during the seven (7) day period. To be effective, Employee s revocation must be in writing and delivered to Kimberly Shriver, Vice President, Global Total Rewards, Attn: Tami Kern, Human Resources Department, 515 Eastern Ave., Allegan, Michigan 49010 within the seven (7) day revocation period. Employee understands that seven (7) days after Employee s execution of this Agreement, this Agreement will become effective and enforceable without any further affirmative action by either Employee or the Company; 5. Please contact Anne Blake-Dreher Vice President, Assistant General Counsel at 269-251- 2444 if you have any questions. On behalf of Perrigo, I thank you for your service and wish you the best in your future endeavors. Docusign Envelope ID: 9508EFEC-9071-4B28-9534-ADEF514D8430 

Ms. Kyle L. Hanson June 11, 2024 3 _______ Initials Sincerely, PERRIGO COMPANY, PLC By: Kimberly Shriver Kimberly Shriver Its: Vice President, Global Total Rewards I have read this Perrigo Company Confidential Supplemental Waiver and Release Agreement 2 and I understand all of its terms. I enter into and sign this Perrigo Company Confidential Supplemental Waiver and Release Agreement knowingly and voluntarily with full knowledge of what it means and no sooner than September 16, 2024. Date: Kyle L. Hanson PLEASE RETURN TO: Kimberly Shriver Vice President of Global Total Rewards Human Resources Department Attn: Tami Kern Perrigo Company plc 515 Eastern Avenue Allegan, MI 49010 tamara.kern@perrigo.com Docusign Envelope ID: 9508EFEC-9071-4B28-9534-ADEF514D8430 16-Sep-2024 | 10:49 PDT 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ex103-compromiseagreemen.htm
 EX-10.3

ex103-compromiseagreemen 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 ex104-grainnequinnreaffi.htm
 EX-10.4

ex104-grainnequinnreaffi 

! # '#( + , - / / 0 1 / 2 3 45 ' (6 7 /8 . 3 9)':# ;6 - 1 1 ?#@A / , , 8 ! # '#( + - . / 7 7 . / / 3 . / 6 / 8 8 / 8 - / 7 8 / - / 8 1 37 . / . 7 /8 / 8/ 7 8 . / / 8 / 8 >?#@A / , ,E F - . 1 8 / / 8 8 / 8 - G 7 / / 7 ?#@A / 3 7 8 / 7 1 6, , 8 

! ! ! ' ' + ' ,-./0 1-234/256 738 9-:/5; 5/6 ?@/0-A@/ B=-@6 C>D0A4 E ' FGHIJKLM NMOPQGRP SFT FUVFWXNYZYFN[Z[\N]Z _] Z] Y U W] aN bcdefgdcbch jbkjb lmn 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-22>
 6
 cy24q310qex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities and Affiliates Whose Securities Collateralize Securities of the Registrant 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the obligors under (i) the 5.300 Notes due 2043 issued by the Company (the Company Notes consisted of the subsidiaries listed in the following table and (ii) the 3.900 Notes due 2024, the 4.375 Notes due 2026, the 4.900 Notes due 2030, the 5.375 Notes due 2032, the 6.125 Notes due 2032 and the 4.900 Notes due 2044 issued by Perrigo Finance Unlimited Company (collectively, the Perrigo Finance Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor, and its subsidiaries listed in the following table. 
 
 Name of Entity Obligor Type (Company Notes) Obligor Type (Perrigo Finance Notes) Athena Neurosciences, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Chefaro Ireland Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Elan Pharmaceuticals, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Galpharm Healthcare Limited Guarantor Guarantor Galpharm International Limited Guarantor Guarantor Gr8ness, LLC Guarantor Guarantor L. Perrigo Company Guarantor Guarantor Medgenix Benelux NV Guarantor Guarantor OCE-BIO BV Guarantor Guarantor Omega Pharma Innovation & Development NV Guarantor Guarantor Omega Pharma International NV Guarantor Guarantor Omega Pharma Limited Guarantor Guarantor Omega Pharma Trading NV Guarantor Guarantor PBM Canada Holdings, LLC Guarantor Guarantor PBM Nutritionals, LLC Guarantor Guarantor PBM Products, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Americas Holdings, Inc Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Belgium NV Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Capital NV Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Company Plc Issuer Guarantor Perrigo Corporation Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Diabetes Care, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Direct, Inc. Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Europe Invest NV Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Finance (US) LLC Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Finance Unlimited Company Guarantor Issuer Perrigo Florida, Inc. Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Holding NV Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Holdings Unlimited Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo International Finance Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo International Holdings II, Inc. Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo International Holdings, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo International, Inc. Guarantor Guarantor 

Perrigo Investments, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 1 Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 10 Unlimited Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 13 Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 2 Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 4 Unlimited Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 5 Unlimited Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Ireland 6 Unlimited Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Management Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Mexico Investment Holdings, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo New York, Inc. Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Pharma International Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Pharma Limited Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Research & Development Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Sales Corporation Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo Supply Chain International Designated Activity Company Guarantor Guarantor Perrigo UK Acquisition Limited Guarantor Guarantor PMI Branded Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Guarantor Guarantor Ranir Global Holdings, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Ranir (Holdings) Limited Guarantor Guarantor Ranir, LLC Guarantor Guarantor Wrafton Laboratories Limited Guarantor Guarantor 

</EX-22>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 cy24q310qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Patrick Lockwood-Taylor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Perrigo Company plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Patrick Lockwood-Taylor Patrick Lockwood-Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 cy24q310qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Eduardo Bezerra, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Perrigo Company plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Eduardo Bezerra Eduardo Bezerra Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 cy24q310qex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 The following statement is being made to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for the purposes of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), which carries with it certain criminal penalties in the event of a knowing or willful misrepresentation. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 100 F Street NE 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Re Perrigo Company plc 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 In accordance with the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), each of the undersigned hereby certifies that 
 (i) this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (ii) the information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Perrigo Company plc. 

Date November 6, 2024 s Patrick Lockwood-Taylor Patrick Lockwood-Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President Date November 6, 2024 s Eduardo Bezerra Eduardo Bezerra Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 prgo-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 prgo-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 prgo-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 prgo-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 prgo-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

